Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
bThis symbol represents the time of day during the House proceedings, e.g., b1407 is 2:07 p.m. Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.
.H1129 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2018 No. 29 
House of Representatives 
The House met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Speaker pro tem-pore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). 
f 
DESIGNATION OF SPEAKER PRO TEMPORE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid be-fore the House the following commu-nication from the Speaker: 
WASHINGTON , DC, February 14, 2018. I hereby appoint the Honorable B
RIAN K. F
ITZPATRICK to act as Speaker pro tempore on this day. P
AULD. R YAN, Speaker of the House of Representatives. f 
MORNING-HOUR DEBATE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the order of the House of Janu-ary 8, 2018, the Chair will now recog-nize Members from lists submitted by the majority and minority leaders for morning-hour debate. The Chair will alternate recognition between the parties. All time shall be equally allocated between the parties, and in no event shall debate continue beyond 11:50 a.m. Each Member, other than the majority and minority leaders and the minority whip, shall be limited to 5 minutes. 
f 
SALUTING LEWIS WOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. F
OXX) for 5 min-utes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, new Boy Scouts make a promise to do their best to do their duty to God and country and to help other people at all times. Mr. Lewis Wood from Stokes County, North Carolina, has not only fulfilled that promise, he has lived it to the fullest. Mr. Wood joined the Boy Scouts of America in January 1943. Later, he served as a volunteer and Scoutmaster for Troop 440 for 50 years. When Mr. Wood and his family were recently informed of his pancreatic cancer diagnosis, he was focused on liv-ing until this January, the 75th anni-versary of his becoming a Scout. What an admirable spirit and a wonderful man. After a lifetime of service, Mr. Wood is now preparing for his next journey. Mr. Speaker, I commend Mr. Wood for his 75 years of dedication to the Boy Scouts and Stokes County. f 
DREAMERS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. E
SPAILLAT ) for 5 min-utes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my concerns and my deep shame for many in this Chamber who continue to gamble with the lives of over 800,000 Dreamers, young people who are workers and students. They are teachers and members of our Armed Forces. They are dads and moms. After five continuing resolutions, we still have left them out in the cold, over 800,000 of them. This week, the Senate is, once again, sandbagging the Dreamers. While Senator M
CCONNELL  has publicly made this an open debate, it is far from being a fair process. Just yesterday, a Federal judge in the Eastern District of New York ruled conclusively that eliminating DACA and the benefits extended to DACA re-cipients is an illegal act. Just as this is happening, the Senate continues and begins to sandbag the Dreamers by first putting on the table the issue of sanctuary cities. Many have a flawed view of what sanctuary cities are. Many erroneously think that sanctuary cities harbor hardened criminals. That is far from the truth. A sanctuary city is a city that allows a mom to take her child to school, who is undocumented, without fear that the principal will call ICE or the authori-ties. A sanctuary city is a city that allows a senior citizen to go into an emer-gency room to be treated in a hospital without the fear that the nurse will turn him or her in. A sanctuary city is a city that allows people who are living under the shad-ows to go into a police precinct and re-port a crime without the fear that they will be deported. That is what a sanctuary city is. It is an intricate part of our soul as a coun-try of immigrants and States and cities of immigrants. The Senate process is far from being fair. A fair process would be to start a bipartisan debate on Dreamers. The Speaker of this Chamber has yet to make a commitment to bring a clean Dream Act to the floor. Dreamers are our children. They are my children. They belong to all of us. When we look into their faces, I see my own face. When I look into their faces, I see a genius MacArthur Fellow win-ner like Cristina Jimenez and Ivan Rosales, who is working toward becom-ing a doctor in the military. There is so much aspiration in these Dreamers. This is why over 80 percent of Americans in red States and blue States and in Republican districts and in Democratic districts support Dream-ers staying here in the United States. They represent the best of us. They represent the foundation of our Nation and the tenets of what the Founding Fathers believe in: that people should come to America, prosper, and make her a better place for all of us to live in. Mr. Speaker, the fate of these young people rests right here in the palm of our hands. We need to ask ourselves: Are we a nation of aspirations? Or are we a nation of deportations? 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.000 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1130 February 14, 2018 
It is in our hands. We cannot keep de-ferring a vote on a clean Dream Act. A deferred vote is a dream denied. Jus-tice delayed is justice denied. But I tell the Dreamers this: Don’t be afraid. Don’t be discouraged. Don’t be deterred. Don’t be dismayed. You have to continue to fight for the most im-portant issues facing America. You have done a tremendous job. Keep this fight moving forward for justice in America. 
f 
COMMEMORATING THE 22ND ANNI-VERSARY OF THE BROTHERS TO THE RESCUE SHOOT-DOWN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. R
OS-LEHTINEN ) for 5 min-utes. Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 22nd anniver-sary of the Brothers to the Rescue shoot-down, where three U.S. citizens and one U.S. resident were murdered by the tyrannical Castro regime. On February 24, 1996, Carlos Costa, Mario de la Pena, Armando Alejandre, and Pablo Morales were on a humani-tarian mission over international air-space, over international waters when they were illegally and brutally shot down. This mission over the Florida straits sought to save the lives of Cu-bans fleeing Castro’s grip of power in search of freedom. Sylvia Iriondo was rescued in a Cessna and brought to the safety of our shores. You see, Mr. Speaker, Sylvia was aboard the only plane that sur-vived on that fatal day. She recounts how, after seeing the burst of smoke over the skyline, the pilot, Jose Basulto—who, along with Sylvia, has testified before the U.S. Congress— pleaded on the radio for his colleagues to respond. Twenty-two years have passed and justice for the deaths of our American heroes has yet to be achieved. Ruben Martinez Puente, Lorenzo Alberto Perez y Perez, and Francisco Perez y Perez have all been indicted in our U.S. courts for their roles in the murderous Brothers to the Rescue shoot-down, but they have yet to be held accountable. I have urged administration after ad-ministration to bring these perpetra-tors to the United States so that they can be prosecuted and justice can be served. Furthermore, the Obama administra-tion made the grave error of releasing Cuban spy Gerardo Hernandez, who was convicted of conspiracy to commit es-pionage and conspiracy to commit murder for his role in the deaths of these brave pilots—released. I will continue to urge our Depart-ment of Justice to pursue legal action against all current and former Cuban regime operatives who perpetrated that murderous attack against the Brothers to the Rescue aircrafts, its unarmed victims, and all Cuban operatives who planned or otherwise participated in the shoot-down. To this day, the same regime that violated international law to kill Car-los, Mario, Armando, and Pablo re-mains as oppressive as ever, routinely beating and harassing peaceful pro-testers and incarcerating journalists. We cannot let anyone forget the blood at the hands of the Castro re-gime. The Brothers to the Rescue and their families will forever serve as an inspiration to those who are willing to endure great sacrifices for the sake of a free Cuba. COMMEMORATING THE 2018 FLORIDA  
INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY TORCH AWARDS  
Ms. ROS-LEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I would like to congratulate the recipi-ents of the 2018 Torch Awards from my alma mater, Florida International Uni-versity. The Torch Award is the highest honor given to both faculty and alumni by the FIU Alumni Association, high-lighting the excellence that they bring to their professions and the pride they bring to FIU as an educational institu-tion. Their exceptional achievements and contributions not only to our uni-versity but to our Miami community at large have earned them this pres-tigious award. This year’s honorees include: Alumnus of the Year Chad Moss, class of 1994. Chad currently serves as the executive vice president of Moss and Associates, one of Florida’s largest private construction companies. Outstanding Faculty Award Recipi-ent Dr. Mark Allen Weiss. Dr. Weiss is an eminent scholar chaired professor and the associate director of academic affairs for the FIU School of Com-puting and Information Sciences. Community Leadership Award recipi-ent Seth Crapp of the class of 1998. Seth is a pediatric radiologist and has demonstrated exemplary service and civic engagement in his community through his activism at Knots4Kids, T. Leroy Jefferson Medical Society, and two-time chair of the group’s annual health fair which has benefited thou-sands of underserved children in Palm Beach. Lastly, the Charles E. Perry Young Alumni Visionary Award recipient, Manny Varas, class of 2010 and an MBA in 2014. Manny, the president and CEO of MV Group, a full service construc-tion company, has made great strides in the early stages of his career. These individuals, Mr. Speaker, and the many other distinguished alumni honored this year exemplify what it means to be an FIU Panther. Their service to the betterment of our com-munity makes them valuable and de-serving of this great honor. I congratu-late them all. Go Panthers. 
f 
VALENTINE’S DAY DOMESTIC ABUSE REMINDER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. R
UIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, today is Val-entine’s Day. Children will pass around cards and candy at school. Young men and women will gather the courage to speak with their crush, and many cou-ples will get engaged to marry. I sent my first Valentine, my moth-er, flowers. I will spend this evening telling my wife, Monica, and my girls, Sky and Sage, the many ways that I love and appreciate them over FaceTime. But for many, today is not a joyous day. There are too many victims of do-mestic abuse who live in homes of bro-ken hearts and who search for love but find violence instead. No form of men-tal, emotional, sexual, or physical abuse is acceptable no matter who it is from or under any circumstance, pe-riod. I thank the many organizations, like Shelter From the Storm, Coachella Valley Rescue Mission, and others in my district, for the refuge and support that they provide. To the victims: I want you to know that you are not broken and you are not at fault. You are a survivor and you have the courage. Help is only one phone call away. Happy Valentine’s Day. f 
b1015 ILLEGAL ALIEN AMNESTY FINANCIAL COSTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. B
ROOKS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, America cannot afford to be the world’s orphanage because we simply do not have the money. America’s 2015 deficit was $438 billion. America’s 2016 deficit deteriorated to $585 billion. America’s 2017 deficit deteriorated yet again to $666 billion. Now, thanks to last week’s debt junkie spending bill, America faces a trillion-dollar deficit this year. By every account, America’s deficit threatens a dangerous insolvency and bankruptcy that will destroy the America it took our ancestors cen-turies to build. Let there be no mistake about it, illegal aliens are a large part of America’s debt problem. Per a re-cent Federation for American Immi-gration Reform study, illegal aliens are a $116 billion per year net tax loss to American taxpayers. Mr. Speaker, those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it. America tried amnesty in 1986, and it failed miserably, turning a 1 to 2 mil-lion illegal alien problem into today’s 15 million illegal alien disaster. Why? Because amnesty does not stop illegal conduct; rather, it encourages illegal conduct. It baffles me that Washington’s ‘‘Sur-render Caucus’’ refuses to learn from history and anxiously seeks to repeat 1986’s bad mistake, at great cost to America. And the cost is great. A 2015 Center for Immigration Stud-ies report disclosed that more than 60 percent of households that have an ille-gal alien in them are on welfare, com-pared to only 30 percent of households 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:19 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.002 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1131 February 14, 2018 
with no immigrants in them. Con-sistent with that data, the Congres-sional Budget Office determined that the Democrats’ Dream Act that gives amnesty to illegal aliens and that Democrats recently shut down the gov-ernment over costs Federal taxpayers $26 billion. And that $26 billion net tax loss to Federal taxpayers does not in-clude even larger State and local tax losses. By any measure, any amnesty, in-cluding amnesty for DACA illegal aliens, makes the illegal alien problem worse and, over the long haul, costs American taxpayers hundreds of bil-lions of dollars America does not have, has to borrow to get, and cannot afford to pay back. Of course, the leftist mainstream media rarely shares these facts with Americans because it under-mines their fake news narrative that Dreamer amnesty pays for itself. Mr. Speaker, the executive branch must do its job. The executive branch must catch and evict illegal aliens. It is that simple. Further, the executive branch must enforce section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, which states that no person may seek admission to the United States or be-come a permanent resident if the indi-vidual, ‘‘at the time of application for admission or adjustment of status, is likely at any time to become a public charge.’’ If the executive branch will simply enforce America’s immigration laws, there will be no illegal alien problem and taxpayers will, over the long haul, save hundreds of billions of dollars that could be better spent on debt reduction or American citizens. Unfortunately, instead of insisting that the executive branch enforce the law, Washington’s ‘‘Surrender Caucus’’ wants to give up and grant amnesty to illegal aliens, thereby, again, naively rewarding ille-gal conduct at great cost to American taxpayers. In so doing, Washington’s ‘‘Surrender Caucus’’ betrays American families and taxpayers who must foot the bill for yet another bad mistake by Wash-ington that is motivated by election- year politics, not America’s best inter-ests. 
f 
DEFENDING FREEDOM OF SPEECH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. E
MMER ). The Chair recognizes the gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I am always honored to stand in the well of the House. Mr. Speaker, today I rise as a liber-ated Democrat, a liberated Democrat who will not only speak truth to power but who will also speak truth about power. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to defend freedom of speech. I rise to defend the freedom of speech of The Hill news-paper. I defend the freedom of speech of The Hill newspaper when it printed these words: ‘‘‘Morning Joe’ host’’—I won’t mention his name—‘‘said on Sun-day that the Democratic Party should take away funding from Democratic candidates who talk about impeaching President Trump on the campaign trail.’’ I am such a candidate. I have talked about impeaching the President, and I will continue to talk about impeaching the President. I am defending The Hill for printing this, by the way. The Hill goes on to say: ‘‘Any Democrat mentioning the word ‘impeachment’ on the campaign trail should have their campaign funds pulled by the Democratic Party.’’ This is what was tweeted by the host of ‘‘Morning Joe’’: ‘‘I defend The Hill’s right to print it, and I defend the right of ‘Morning Joe’ host to say what he said, and I hope people will defend and respect my right to say what I’m about to say. ‘‘I will not be intimidated. I want the host to know that, if those who have threatened my life couldn’t intimidate me, he will not. I want the host to know that I spoke about impeachment just this weekend that passed.’’ And I am looking to future engage-ments to speak about impeachment. And I will bring Articles of Impeach-ment to the floor of the House of Rep-resentatives again if conditions require it. I am not afraid. I have no fear of these people who would have me abro-gate my constitutional rights. I will stand and defend them, and I will exer-cise my rights. The truth is this: We all have a duty to speak up and speak out and stand up. That is what I will do. God bless you. Happy Valentine’s Day. f 
RECOGNIZING BIG BROTHERS BIG SISTERS OF BUCKS COUNTY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the Big Broth-ers Big Sisters of Bucks County, which has served tens of thousands of kids in our community since its founding in 1963. The Bucks County chapter is unique. Since 2015, they have piloted an expan-sion of their mentorship program, which pairs elementary schools with high school mentors to include chil-dren with autism spectrum disorder. This tailored program caters to the students’ unique needs, providing these children with two specially trained high school mentors rather than one to ensure a greater level of stability. The program has been so successful that Big Brothers Big Sisters of Bucks County is now looking to expand it. Their community mentorship program matches at-risk youth ages 6 to 16 with volunteer mentors. This program pro-vides caring adult role models who con-sistently spend time with their ‘‘littles’’ to help them make good choices so that they may become pro-ductive, responsible, and engaged young adults. I want to highlight the story of John Wilson, the board president and an in-dividual who himself benefited from Big Brothers Big Sisters. John’s father passed away when he was 5. He was matched with a big brother when he was 12 at a point when, in his own words, he was at a significant risk of heading in the wrong direction. He credits his mentor with having a pro-found impact on his life, without whom his life could have turned out very dif-ferently, in John’s words. John graduated from college, enjoyed a successful career, and now gives back as president of the board. John is still in contact with his big brother and working hard to pay back the invest-ment made in him years ago. To all those involved in Big Brothers Big Sis-ters, including John, we thank you for your work in helping our youth in Bucks County. SAVE STONE MEADOWS FARM  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, growing up in Middletown Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, and as a current Middletown Township resident now representing my hometown in Congress, I have seen my community change throughout the years. The one constant, however, has always been the presence of Stone Meadows Farm, one of the last remaining active agricul-tural lands in our township. The 168- acre farm has a rich history that con-nects the present to the past; and, as development continues throughout our region, Stone Meadows Farm reminds residents why we chose to live in beau-tiful Middletown Township, Pennsyl-vania. I firmly believe that this is something worth preserving. In Bucks County, we are fortunate that our local and county leaders con-tinue to make concerted efforts to pre-serve our open spaces, and here in Con-gress I am working to support preser-vation and land conservation efforts nationwide. I stand ready to work with any government official and our citi-zens, like members of the Save Stone Meadow Farm movement, who share this goal to preserve our quality of life and the character of our community. Whether in our hometown or across our great Nation, we must stand ready to preserve and protect our open spaces from overdevelopment. 
f 
HIGHLIGHTING THE IMPORTANCE OF THE DAIRY INDUSTRY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T
HOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday morning, I had the opportunity to attend part of Ful-ton Bank’s 39th annual Agriculture Seminar, which is a day-long informa-tional event that draws individuals from all over the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The event is free and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:19 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.004 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1132 February 14, 2018 
featured numerous speakers, including agriculture economist Andrew Frankenfield and other industry ex-perts. Mr. Speaker, as the House Com-mittee on Agriculture prepares the next farm bill, there has been universal agreement that the dairy industry’s Margin Protection Program needs to be reformed in advance. To address this, we were able to make much-needed changes in last week’s bipartisan budg-et deal. The final agreement took a number of actions that will revamp the pro-gram to better serve participating dairy farmers. To help the program to be more accurate and responsive during difficult months, monthly margined calculations have been changed to bi-monthly. To help the program better reflect the growth in dairy herd sizes, the new law expands the first tier from 4 million to 5 million pounds. The new law raises the catastrophic coverage level from $4 per hundred weight to $5 per hundred weight for the first tier of covered production. It also reduces premiums for the first 5 million pounds of production, making higher levels of coverage more afford-able to provide more protection against low margins. Finally, the new law al-lows for the development of insurance policies for livestock producers, includ-ing for dairy farmers. This change en-courages further adequate risk man-agement tools are available the next time they are faced with disaster. Mr. Speaker, the state of the dairy industry is much different today than it was when the last farm bill was writ-ten. Today we see low milk prices that have impacted the dairy industry across the country. The House Com-mittee on Agriculture is not only aware of the challenges facing the in-dustry, but we are working to help bring relief. Another factor negatively impacting the dairy industry is declining milk consumption. This not only negatively affects dairy farms and farm families across the country but also students and their overall nutrition. Despite the fact that public school enrollment was growing, schools served 213 million fewer half-pints of milk between 2014 and 2016. Children over 4 years old are not meeting the recommended daily servings of dairy in the Dietary Guide-lines for Americans. We know that milk is a nutritional powerhouse. Given the nutritional value of milk and because students need to be nourished to be at their best, this is a cause for concern. Stead-ily decreasing participation in the School Lunch Program, coupled with the fact that flavored milk, the most popular variety in schools, must be fat free under the current law, has led to an alarming decline in overall milk consumption. We have lost an entire generation of milk drinkers, and they have lost out, that generation, on the nourishment and nutrition that comes from milk. Providing students the option to con-sume milk with flavor has the poten-tial to positively affect milk consump-tion trends among children and adults, while supporting the local dairy farm-ers. This is why I introduced H.R. 4101, the School Milk Nutrition Act. This bill provides the schools the option of offering low-fat, 1 percent, flavored milk instead of only fat free. On November 29, 2017, USDA Sec-retary Sonny Perdue announced a new USDA rule that expands options for milk in school lunches. b1030 Similar to my legislation, this rule gives schools the option to serve low- fat, 1 percent, flavored milk. Thank-fully, this rule will be in effect for fis-cal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. I look forward to continuing to craft a farm bill that puts forth the very best policy for our farmers, our fami-lies, and all Americans. I know Sec-retary Perdue supports the legislation, H.R. 4101, moving ahead to codify what he has been able to do with what flexi-bility he has and to get that done for our kids and for the dairy industry. 
f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF SARAH JANECEK The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. F
ITZPATRICK ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Sarah Janecek, a friend who passed away un-expectedly and far too soon. Sarah was one of Minnesota’s best political commentators. As a strate-gist, she understood all sides of the issues and brought humor everywhere she went. Over the course of her career, Sarah built relationships across the political spectrum. She was known for lending her honesty and wit to every encoun-ter. She commanded respect by becom-ing a source of political knowledge through her writing, newsletters, and commentary, and she was sought after by local and national media to provide her insights on Minnesota’s unusual politics. Our community has suffered a great loss. Sarah’s bright spirit will, indeed, be missed. My deepest condolences go out to her family and loved ones. Sarah had a great heart, and we will all miss her. 
HONORING THE LEGACY OF WRIGHT COUNTY  
SHERIFF JOE HAGERTY  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the legacy of Wright County Sheriff Joe Hagerty. Joe retires after 33 honorable years of service to the third largest sheriff’s office in the State of Minnesota. He has a reputa-tion for honesty and has become some-one that we all trust. Our community has been honored to have a public servant with Joe’s level of integrity and accountability. His re-spect for the rule of law and compas-sion for his fellow citizens made him an exceptional sheriff. During his time in office, Joe fos-tered a relationship with neighboring counties to share a crime lab, which helped solve cases and bring justice. Every single day, Joe put the safety of Minnesotans above all else. Sheriff Hagerty, I speak on behalf of all Minnesotans when I say: Thank you. We wish you a happy and healthy and well-deserved retirement. RECOGNIZING CARVER COUNTY SHERIFF JIM  
OLSON  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and thank Carver County Sheriff Jim Olson for his in-credible 31 years of service to the peo-ple of Minnesota. In Jim’s three-plus decades on the force, Sheriff Olson oversaw some of Carver County’s most exciting and turbulent times. When the Ryder Cup was held in Chaska, Minnesota, in 2016, Jim man-aged safety operations and maintained a family-friendly environment for ev-eryone. After the passing of Minnesota legend Prince, Jim ensured that Pais-ley Park in Carver County remained a safe place for Prince’s fans to mourn. Jim has dedicated his life to Carver County, serving as an instructor of the Carver County Citizens Academy to in-form the public about the services and role of the sheriff’s office. Impres-sively, he also serves as a member of the Carver County Mental Health Con-sortium to spread awareness of mental health resources. He has been a faith-ful, selfless servant leader to the citi-zens of Carver County. Sheriff Olson, thank you for your service. We wish you the best in your retirement. 
RECOGNIZING OUTSTANDING BUSINESSMAN  
BUTCH AMES  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of one of Min-nesota’s outstanding businessmen, Butch Ames. As chief executive officer and cofounder of Ames Construction, a family-owned and privately held con-struction company headquartered in Minnesota, Butch has built and grown the industry nationwide. Ames Construction is known for heavy civil, transportation, and mining construction. With Butch at the helm, the company continues to grow and ex-pand its reach all across the Nation. They have completed notable projects, such as Denver’s International Airport, the I–15 corridor reconstruction project in Salt Lake City, the Loop 202 in Phoenix, and the St. Croix River Cross-ing in Minnesota. Butch holds his company to a stand-ard of professionalism and safety that is unparalleled, serving this Nation and his industry proudly. Congratulations, Butch. 
RECOGNIZING TORAH ACADEMY  
Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Torah Academy for entering their 73rd year educating Jew-ish children in Minnesota. From the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:19 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.005 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1133 February 14, 2018 
beginning and to this day, Torah Acad-emy maintains a focus on strength-ening the mind and spirit of our future leaders. Because of educators like Dean and Rabbi Pinchus Idstein and Principal Matthew Cleary, Torah Academy offers a quality education on firm spiritual grounding. Pillars of our strong local community like Dr. Joey Greenberg and his wife, Mrs. Marina Greenberg, spread kindness and generosity to make certain Torah can execute its mission and goals. A special thank-you to Citizens Inde-pendent Bank, that also dedicates their support. Torah students succeed because their community supports them, and they are guaranteed to make their corner of the world a better place. Congratulations to Torah Academy for a successful 73 years. We wish you many more. 
f 
HONORING DR. ROSEMARY JACKSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. R
USH) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute and honor the memory of Dr. Rosemary Jackson. Dr. Jackson was an educator in Chi-cago. Dr. Jackson was an entrepreneur. Dr. Jackson was an exceptional com-munity leader who passed away last week and leaves behind a stellar legacy that will endure throughout the years. Dr. Jackson was a lifelong Chicago resident who had a passion for edu-cation, a passion that began when she was a young girl. She received her Ph.D. from Loyola University and her master’s degree from both National College of Education and DePaul Uni-versity. Beginning her career as an English teacher at her alma mater, John Mar-shall High School—my alma mater— she went on to teach at local institu-tions such as Hyde Park High School on the South Side in my district, Ken-nedy-King College in my district, and her beloved DePaul University. In all of these places, Mr. Speaker, Dr. Jackson deeply touched countless lives and inspired so many young peo-ple. Dr. Jackson, Mr. Speaker, was a pillar of the community and a person deeply committed to public service. She was also a member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, for which she chaired several committees during her 50-year tenure as an active member. Beyond her love for education and her love for community service, Dr. Jackson was a beloved wife and moth-er. She was the vice chairman and the chief administrative officer at Chicago- based Central City Productions, the business that she helped develop with her lifelong partner, her devoted hus-band, my longtime friend, Mr. Donald Jackson. Central City Productions, Mr. Speaker, is best known for producing the Stellar Awards, the first and the oldest televised awards show in our Na-tion that honored gospel music artists for over 33 years. Dr. Jackson achieved so much in her life through hard work and determina-tion. She never gave up, always fought for what was right, and made it her life’s mission to help students in Chi-cago explore their potential and their educational possibility. Dr. Jackson was a truly remarkable, smart, and phenomenal woman who en-joyed the arts, sports, and loved line dancing. She had a smile that would light up a room. Dr. Jackson will be missed by her family, her friends, our city, our State and, indeed, our Nation and all those who fondly remember her beautiful and loving spirit. I was blessed to know her, and Chi-cago was better because of her. My heart goes out to her entire family. The last time I saw Dr. Jackson was last year. My late wife, Carolyn, and I were going into one of our favorite res-taurants in the Hyde Park community and Rose and Don Jackson, her hus-band, were leaving, and we stopped for a moment and had a conversation. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of the people of the First Congressional District of Illinois, thank you, Rose. Thank you. God bless you. Enjoy your rest. You have earned it. 
f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 41 minutes a.m.), the House stood in re-cess. 
f 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Eternal God, we give You thanks for giving us another day. February weather would deceive us and have us think spring is yet a long way off. Yet, even as cold winds blow and penetrate the depths of the Earth, Your laws nurture new life. Winter’s weight breaks off what seems unfruit-ful branches and rushing streams wash away all that is rootless. Invigorate the House of Representa-tives, that restorative justice may in-spire new confidence in this Nation and the work of Congress may produce a fruitful land. Grant that the daily work of Your people might silence a cynical world with blossoms of truth, and early growth release the scent of eternal life in the seasons of our lifeline and for-ever. May all that is done this day in the people’s House be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has exam-ined the Journal of the last day’s pro-ceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Jour-nal stands approved. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentle-woman from Alabama (Mrs. R
OBY) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mrs. ROBY led the Pledge of Alle-giance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY THE SPEAKER The SPEAKER. The Chair will enter-tain up to 15 requests for 1-minute speeches on each side of the aisle. 
f 
CAREER AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAMS ARE A PATHWAY TO SUCCESS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, I had the privilege of visiting Central Mountain High School’s Career and Technology Education Center. It is a state-of-the- art 235,000-square-foot academic career technical education complex. The Keystone Central School District has introduced and implemented a CTE curriculum that offers a totally inte-grated academic, career, and technical education for all 9th through 12th grad-ers. The integration model allows all stu-dents to explore and attain high aca-demic and technical skills in their cho-sen profession. This system is designed to provide all students with an edu-cational exploration opportunity that is both rigorous and relevant for career and post-secondary success. Mr. Speaker, as co-chair of the Ca-reer and Technical Education Caucus and author of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, I am thrilled to see this kind of educational complex in my community. Offering CTE programs to students in high school truly gives them an oppor-tunity to explore career options. There is an enormous skills gap that exists today in America. There are good-pay-ing, family-sustaining jobs out there, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:19 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.007 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1134 February 14, 2018 
but people need the right skills to ob-tain those jobs. CTE programs are the pathway to success. 
f 
DEMOCRATS HAVE A BETTER DEAL (Mr. CICILLINE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, the President and our Republican col-leagues are at it again, promoting eco-nomic policies that enrich the wealthy and the biggest corporations in our country. That will hurt middle class families. We saw it in the tax scam. We see it in the President’s budget. And now we even see it in the infrastruc-ture proposal. President Trump proposes a $200 bil-lion infrastructure plan that will raise fees and tolls on commuters, burden cities and States and ask others to fill the funding gap, sells off infrastructure to Wall Street and private companies, and ends vital worker and environ-mental protections. The Democrats have proposed a bet-ter deal: a $1 trillion investment, five times the President’s plan, to really re-build America. It will create 6 million good-paying jobs. It will deliver lower prices and better choices for con-sumers. It safeguards clean air and clean water and worker protection. It builds more resilient infrastructure to withstand climate change and ensures products are built with American ma-terials. There is a real contrast here between what the President has proposed, which is basically to shift the burden to cities and States and for the Federal Govern-ment to abandon its responsibility to help rebuild our country. The Democrats have a better deal than this raw deal. It is a deal to re-build our country to create 16 million good-paying jobs to make sure the Fed-eral Government remains a real part-ner in rebuilding America. 
f 
SHERIFF GRADY JUDD NAMED PRESIDENT OF THE MAJOR COUNTY SHERIFFS OF AMERICA (Mr. ROSS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in recognition of a man whose service to his community has resulted in greater safety, security, and justice in Polk County, Florida. Sheriff Grady Judd, a stalwart of law enforcement in the 15th District and a dear friend, has been sworn into the role of president of the Major County Sheriffs of America, a position to which he will bring his knowledge, his skill, and his integrity to advocate for safer communities across our great Na-tion. For centuries, the Anglo-American sheriff system has produced officers who secure the peace and prosperity of the land, and even two American Presi-dents, Grover Cleveland and Teddy Roosevelt, served in such a capacity. Sheriff Judd has long been an advo-cate for the rule of law, and we will all benefit as he rises to this position to fight to uphold the noble tradition of keeping the peace. My deepest congratulations to Sher-iff Judd and his family, and to the Major County Sheriffs of America, who do such important work to keep us all safe. f 
PRESIDENT TRUMP’S INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, this week, the long-awaited Trump infrastructure plan was finally released. What a dis-appointment, after coming here a year ago and promising a $1 trillion plan. Then, in his State of the Union, saying it is going to be even bigger—huge— $1.5 trillion. In the fine print, however, $1.3 trillion of the $1.5 trillion comes from communities like my hometown of Flint, Michigan. Now, let’s be clear. If States and local communities had an extra $1.3 trillion laying around, they would be servicing those roads and bridges. They would be rebuilding their water sys-tems. They would be doing this work already. If we are going to have a Federal in-frastructure plan, we need to have a Federal infrastructure plan that is really investment and not just check-ing the box so that the President can say he submitted a big, bold infrastruc-ture plan. Well, it is not big and bold, from the Federal Government’s point of view. The $200 billion investment from the Federal Government, offset by a $170 billion reduction, boils down to $3 bil-lion a year over 10 years. That is not big. That is not bold. That won’t fix the roads and bridges in this country. 
f 
NO MORE ‘‘STRATEGIC PATIENCE’’ WITH IRAN (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to ad-dress the House for 1 minute and to re-vise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, Iran has wrong-fully seized another American hostage. Morad Tahbaz, a dual American and Iranian citizen, was volunteering with the Persian Wildlife Heritage Founda-tion when he was maliciously arrested. This is in addition to the tragic news that Canadian Kavous Seyed Emami, who was arrested working with the Foundation, died last week under sus-picious circumstances in an Iranian prison. Morad Tahbaz is the CEO of the Per-sian Wildlife Heritage Foundation and former president of Empire Resorts. He attended Colgate University and Co-lumbia Business School. He is an up-standing American citizen who does not deserve to be treated like a crimi-nal, nor a political pawn, by a rogue re-gime as he promotes the extraordinary heritage of Persia. The Obama administration caved to the dangerous ransom deals with Iran, but ‘‘strategic patience’’ only emboldened them to subjugate the brave citizens of Iran. As the Iranian Government continues to undermine peace, free nations must work together to address this serious threat. I support Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley in calling for the release of all American citizens unjustly de-tained in Iran. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
NATIONAL CHILDREN’S DENTAL HEALTH MONTH (Ms. KELLY of Illinois asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, February is National Children’s Dental Health Month. During this month, we raise aware-ness about the importance of oral health, especially for America’s kids. Tooth decay is the most common chronic childhood disease—five times more common than asthma and seven times more common than hay fever. Oral health status is directly tied to academic achievement and school at-tendance. One way we can fix this is by passing my Action for Dental Health Act, H.R. 2422, which was unanimously reported out of the Energy and Commerce Com-mittee on September 25. This bipar-tisan bill is cosponsored by 83 Members and supported by the American Dental Association, the National Dental Asso-ciation, the American Dental Edu-cation Association, and 39 other advo-cacy groups. Once enacted, this bill will empower the CDC to deliver more and better healthcare to underserved populations, especially urban and rural commu-nities, and increase education about the importance of oral health. I am proud to be working with Con-gressman M
IKESIMPSON from Idaho on this bipartisan bill. I ask the Speaker to schedule a vote on the bill before the end of National Children’s Dental Health Month. Lastly, I would like to wish my col-leagues and constituents a Happy Val-entine’s Day. 
f 
ADDRESSING ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION (Mrs. ROBY asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, this week, the Senate is taking action to address 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:19 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.010 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1135 February 14, 2018 
our illegal immigration problem, so I rise today to share some feedback from the people I represent in Alabama’s Second Congressional District. I recently held two telephone town-hall events to hear directly from some of my constituents. Let me start by thanking every person who took the time to participate and ask questions. During both townhalls, I asked ev-eryone what their top priority was re-garding our country’s illegal immigra-tion issue, and the vast majority of participants said they are most con-cerned about securing our border. I couldn’t agree more. I have always said that, in order to truly fix our im-migration system, we absolutely have to start by securing our border. If I had a leak in my house, I wouldn’t start by replacing the damaged drywall. I would fix the leak first. Mr. Speaker, the same idea applies for our illegal immigration problem. We will only be able to make real progress towards fixing the issue once we secure our border once and for all. I am proud to support these efforts in the House, and I stand ready to con-tinue to work to tackle this problem where it starts: at the border. 
f 
TRUMPISM (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, outside this building, more and more Repub-licans bemoan the effect of Trumpism on their party. We should take a mo-ment to define this new phenomenon. Trumpism is when the whims of our authoritarian President ‘‘trump’’ the values Republicans once stood for. It is when evangelicals say character doesn’t matter. It is when ‘‘rule of law’’ constitutionalists shield Trump by attacking the institutions that guarantee the rule of law. It is when First Amendment cham-pions join Trump in attacking our free press. It is when Russia hawks bow and scrape before a President who chooses to believe his pal Vladimir over our own intelligence agencies. Trumpism is when this House, which is supposed to conduct serious over-sight, acts like Trump’s lapdog, ignor-ing or abetting corruption and obstruc-tion of justice. Because Trumpism threatens democ-racy, many Republicans are leaving their party or, like George Bush’s speechwriter, Michael Gerson, are call-ing on voters to deliver a message this fall. Without that political jolt, Gerson writes, ‘‘elected Republicans will just keep clinging to the USS Trump as it sinks further into the swamp.’’ Now that we have defined Trumpism, let’s work together to save this coun-try from it. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. C
URTIS ). Members are reminded to re-frain from engaging in personalities to-ward the President. AMERICANS SUPPORT WELFARE REFORM (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the welfare system in America has a problem and the great majority of Americans want to fix it. Since 2000, the amount of Federal dollars spent on Medicaid that goes to able-bodied adults has increased 713 percent. The amount spent on food stamps for able-bodied adults has in-creased nearly 500 percent. These fig-ures do not include seniors or individ-uals with disabilities. Every welfare dollar that is spent on able-bodied, working-age adults diverts resources from the very individuals the program was designed to help—the truly needy—and from other important priorities such as education and public safety. The solution is a work requirement. Able-bodied adults on welfare should be required to work, get training, or per-form community service to receive benefits. An overwhelming 90 percent of voters support this reform, which could move 10 million able-bodied adults off of welfare. Those who can work, should. Work is essential to helping individuals regain their independence and self-worth. f 
b1215 COMMEMORATING 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 911 SYSTEM (Mr. BANKS of Indiana asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the 911 system and to honor its founder, Congressman Ed Roush from Huntington, Indiana. As the representative for my north-east Indiana district, the late Con-gressman Roush was a driving force be-hind the efforts to create one central telephone number that citizens could use in a time of crisis to receive help. Launching a one-man crusade in the House, Congressman Roush wrote to all 50 Governors and countless public serv-ants to gain support for an emergency phone number that was easy to remem-ber under stress and short enough to dial quickly. On March 1, 1968, the congressman’s efforts were successful, and the 911 sys-tem went live in Huntington, Indiana, with Congressman Roush placing the first test call. Due to his efforts, Hun-tington led the way for other munici-palities to adopt the important emer-gency system that has saved so many lives. Hoosiers are proud of the late Congressman Roush for his leadership 50 years ago on this initiative. We as a nation are safer due to his ef-forts and the everyday lifesaving ac-tions of 911 operators and first respond-ers. RECOGNIZING COLORADO OLYMPIANS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given per-mission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Olympic athletes from the great State of Colorado. The Olympics are a demonstration of fel-lowship, sportsmanship, commitment, determination, and grit—a wonderful example for the world. There are 36 Olympians participating from Colorado, the most from any State in the USA, and they are com-peting in 17 different disciplines. I am proud to say that 12 of these Olympic athletes are from Colorado’s Second Congressional District. Lindsey Vonn, Mikaela Shiffrin, Sarah Schleper, Jo-anne Reid, Casey Andringa, Chris Del Bosco, Jaelin Kauf, Mike Testwuide, Katie Uhlaender, Chris Corning, Kyle Mack, and Red Gerard all hail from the Second Congressional District of Colo-rado. And I am exceptionally proud that this past Saturday Red Gerard, at 17 years old, from Silverthorne, Colorado, won the Pyeongchang Olympic Gold Medal for the United States, the first Olympic Gold Medal for Team USA, be-fore going from last place to first place on the final run. Red learned to snowboard right in his backyard in beautiful Summit County. Another young Coloradoan, Arielle Gold—and Gold is a great name if you are going to be an Olympian—despite dislocating her shoulder in training earlier in the week, is bringing home a bronze medal in the women’s halfpipe. Those are just two of the 36 Olympic stories from Colorado. I wish I had time to talk about the other 34 because their dedication, perseverance, and spirit is an inspiration to all Ameri-cans, and I am rooting for them every step of the way. USA. USA. USA. 
f 
CHALLENGING MORNING JOE HOST FOR AN INVITATION TO SPEAK ON THE PROGRAM (Mr. AL GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I rise today because I am a pro-ponent of impeachment. I have not only as much as said so but brought Articles of Impeachment before the House of Representatives. There are a good many people who are antithetical to my position, Mr. Speaker. As a Member of the House, I would challenge any Member who desires to debate this issue on the floor of the House. I would also challenge any member of a morning program, ‘‘Morn-ing Joe,’’ who believes that he should back up his words, to talk to me on his program. Never talked to me. Never said a word. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:19 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.012 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1136 February 14, 2018 
Would you invite me on your pro-gram and show the courage to speak of these issues with me there so that I may defend and you may attack? 
f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 620, ADA EDUCATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2017; PRO-VIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3299, PROTECTING CON-SUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3978, TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017; AND PROVIDING FOR PRO-CEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM FEBRUARY 16, 2018, THROUGH FEBRUARY 23, 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 736 and ask for its immediate consider-ation. The Clerk read the resolution, as fol-lows: 
H. R ES. 736 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consideration of the bill (H.R. 620) to amend the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand let-ters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. No amendment to the bill shall be in order except those printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accom-panying this resolution. Each such amend-ment may be offered only in the order print-ed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an op-ponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for divi-sion of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. S
EC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Revised Stat-utes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Fed-eral Credit Union Act, and the Federal De-posit Insurance Act to require the rate of in-terest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other pur-poses. All points of order against consider-ation of the bill are waived. The bill shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. The previous question shall be considered as or-dered on the bill and on any amendment thereto to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on Financial Services; and (2) one motion to re-commit. SEC. 3. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Set-tlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify re-quirements related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115-59, modified by the amendment printed in part B of the report of the Com-mittee on Rules accompanying this resolu-tion, shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous ques-tion shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amend-ment thereto, to final passage without inter-vening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Com-mittee on Financial Services; (2) the further amendment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules, if offered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be in order without intervention of any point of order, shall be considered as read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. S
EC. 4. On any legislative day during the period from February 16, 2018, through Feb-ruary 23, 2018— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, arti-cle I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. S
EC. 5. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the du-ration of the period addressed by section 4 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Georgia is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. P
OLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consider-ation of this resolution, all time yield-ed is for the purpose of debate only. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to re-vise and extend their remarks and in-clude extraneous material on House Resolution 736, currently under consid-eration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I am pleased to bring forward this rule today on behalf of the Rules Com-mittee. The rule provides for consider-ation of H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act; H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act; and H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Cred-it Act of 2017. The rule provides for one hour of de-bate on H.R. 620, equally divided be-tween the chairman and ranking mem-ber of the Judiciary Committee. The rule also provides for a motion to re-commit and makes in order multiple amendments from colleagues on both sides of the aisle. It also provides for one hour of de-bate on the two Financial Services bills, with time equally divided be-tween the chairman and ranking mem-ber of that committee. Yesterday, the Rules Committee had the opportunity to hear from my fellow Judiciary Committee members: Mr. NADLER , Mr. P OE, as well as Mr. L AN-
GEVIN . We also heard from Mr. H ILLand Ms. W
ATERS on the Financial Services bill. H.R. 620 received consideration by the Judiciary Committee and enjoyed a rigorous markup process. H.R. 3299 and H.R. 3978 were considered and reported by the Financial Services Committee. The bills before us today address dif-ferent topics on different segments of our economy and our Nation, but they have something in common. They are all pro-growth bills aimed at righting wrongs, increasing common sense, and improving the way that the current system works. I am a cosponsor of H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act and, as a member of the Judiciary Committee, have had multiple occasions to talk and listen about this bill. It is spon-sored by my good friend from Texas (Mr. P
OE), and several of my friends from both sides of the aisle have co-sponsored this bill. Mr. Speaker, I have cosponsored this bill because I believe the Americans with Disabilities Act is critical legisla-tion. No individual should ever suffer discrimination for any reason, and dis-abled individuals should have access to businesses and other sites that provide public accommodation. I am a former small-business owner, so I speak from experience running businesses. Even more importantly, however, one of the main reasons I stand before you on this issue and behind this bill is I am the father of a strong, intelligent, capable, and a little sassy daughter named Jordan. Jordan is 26 years old and has spina bifida. Jordan has been in a wheelchair her entire life. Her first walk and first steps came in a little, pink wheelchair. Jordan makes this issue personal for me. Discrimination is unacceptable, and it is also unacceptable for oppor-tunists to build a cottage industry of serial litigation on the backs of the disabled, especially when these drive- by lawsuits offer little to no discern-ible benefit to disabled individuals. Mr. Speaker, my daughter Jordan helps me understand the importance of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.013 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1137 February 14, 2018 
access to public space and the danger posed by lawsuits that exploit the dis-abled community instead of serving its members. I believe that there are good actors genuinely seeking to increase access and call to task those who block access to disabled individuals. Unfortu-nately, what we are seeing too often is bad actors intentionally exploiting the law for their own financial gain. When these bad actors, these serial litigants, clog up the courts by drive- by lawsuits geared not at solutions but at profits, they take up time the courts could be using to address issues that truly need remediation. They also un-dermine the Americans with Disabil-ities Act. The intent and purpose of the ADA is not to drum up lawsuits; it is to prevent discrimination, increase ac-cess, and to protect those with disabil-ities. Mr. Speaker, the disability commu-nity, my daughter included, represents some of the strongest people I know. They have a voice, and they are power-ful. Today, we are here making sure the law works better for them and that it isn’t being exploited by those who seek to undermine that law. Today, small businesses face legal fees and complex technical jargon when presented with an impediment to access. Most businesses want to fix such issues and would, but instead of being able to make this issue right, they are forced into court before they have the chance to do so. In some ex-amples of these serial lawsuits, the issues have not even been perceptible to the human eye; in others, building codes have changed—and yes, even the ADA—yet business owners have been hauled into court before they have a chance to respond or to fix the prob-lem. H.R. 620 ensures businesses have the opportunity to fix any access issues once they have been made aware of them. It provides notice and a cure pe-riod and clarifies the requirements for demand letters. It also provides train-ing for business owners and State and local governments so that they can better understand proper ADA compli-ance. The number of ADA title III lawsuits has skyrocketed in recent years. Since 2013, there has been a 132 percent in-crease in the number of lawsuits in Federal courts. H.R. 620 addresses this problem in a smart way that maintains the integrity, purpose, and key provi-sions of the Americans with Disabil-ities Act while ensuring there is a chance to fix access issues. This bill does not take away an indi-vidual’s right to sue for access. This bill does not overturn the ADA. It does give business owners a chance to fix ADA problems quickly. Some owners may not even actually realize they are not in compliance. Codes have changed, and there are literally hundreds of pages of compliance. b1230 That, however, is not an excuse for willful noncompliance. Far from it. But it is a reason that good actors who may need to update their accommoda-tions should have a chance to do so. Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that this bill has bipartisan support and that the Rules Committee made in order several amendments from Mem-bers on both sides of the aisle so that we can consider ideas to even further strengthen this legislation. I would ask that all Members listen to that amend-ment debate because these amend-ments do have an impact on this bill, and I would encourage them to be a part of that. H.R. 620 makes sense and focuses on fixing issues rather than spending money on trials or, better yet, extort-ing money from businesses with no thought of helping those with disabil-ities. We also have a chance to consider some other commonsense measures today with the two important Finan-cial Services bills also provided for by this rule. H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act, was introduced by Mr. M
CHENRY and Mr. M EEKS , and reported by the Financial Services Committee with bipartisan support. Similar language was included in the House-passed CHOICE Act last year. This legislation codifies the ‘‘valid- when-made’’ doctrine, a longstanding legal principle that, if a loan is valid when it is made with respect to its in-terest rate, then it does not become in-valid or unenforceable when assigned to another party. This bill is a response to the 2015 decision by the Second Cir-cuit Court of Appeals in Madden v. Midland, which appears to have ignored the longstanding legal principle. The decision in the Madden case cre-ated instability and uncertainty in the secondary credit market, and restricts the availability of loans to borrowers, particularly those with less access to traditional lending sources. It has also led to regulatory uncertainty and fall-out for fintech lenders. My home State of Georgia has an increasing presence in fintech, and H.R. 3299 provides a leg-islative fix that increases certainty and supports economic opportunity. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, we are here to discuss 3978, the TRID Improve-ment Act, which incorporates numer-ous important provisions from several smart Financial Services bills. It was introduced by Congressman H
ILLfrom Arkansas, and takes steps to provide important regulatory relief and make capital markets more competitive and efficient. Dodd-Frank led to an explosion of regulations and requirements that ulti-mately have squeezed access to capital, created hurdles to smaller market en-trants, and imposed burdens on small businesses, startups, and investors. One especially critical provision is H.R. 3978, the language authored by Mr. D
UFFY from Wisconsin. This provision prohibits the SEC from compelling the production of source code or similar in-tellectual property without a sub-poena. The SEC has had a data breach, and the GAO has been critical of its cy-bersecurity. I think Mr. DUFFY and Mr. H ILL, along with my colleague D
AVID SCOTT from Georgia, are right to recognize that we shouldn’t be forcing SEC reg-istered entities to hand over their highly sensitive source code without due process protections. This legisla-tion ensures normal processes can be followed to access this information is needed, but prevents unnecessary dis-closures of this intellectual property. Mr. Speaker, source code for security and other financial entities is similar to what the Coke recipe is to Coca- Cola, or the doughnut recipe is to Krispy Kreme. It is critical intellectual property that represents the backbone of a company. This bill makes clear that this sensitive and highly valuable information doesn’t have to be simply handed over to the SEC with the hope that the information remains secure. H.R. 3978 includes numerous other key provisions, including recognizing unique needs of emerging growth com-panies and tailoring regulatory bur-dens accordingly, and requiring the CFPB—the Consumer Financial Pro-tection Bureau—to allow for more ac-curate and clear calculations to be pro-vided to consumers when they purchase lenders and owners title insurance poli-cies. Mr. Speaker, today, you are seeing a theme. You are seeing a rule that pro-vides for numerous bills that make commonsense changes to the current system to spur growth and simply in-creases fairness. And you are seeing bi-partisan bills, including bipartisan amendments, that will be coming for-ward on this in support of these bills. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 min-utes. Mr. Speaker, today, sadly, we find ourselves considering legislation that would actually make it easier for un-scrupulous payday lenders to actually skirt State interest rate caps and an-other bill that guts enforcement of the Americans with Disabilities Act that puts an unfair burden on people with disabilities. These bills hurt the American people. Instead of spending our time here de-bating a very important immigration bill, like the Senate is doing across the way, we are considering bills that will only harm our most vulnerable popu-lations. Over on the other side of the Capitol, the Senate is having an open debate about immigration in our country. This House owes the American people no less. The Senate is trying to find so-lutions to help the hundreds of thou-sands of DACA recipients, to improve border security, or to address family reunification. The Senate is debating different proposals from both sides of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.015 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1138 February 14, 2018 
the aisle. We will see what they come up with. Again, this House is simply not doing its job. This House is doing nothing to improve border security, nothing to ad-dress the DACA recipients or family re-unification. Over here, there is not even a plan to bring any immigration bill or amendment to the floor. In fact, there is no commitment at all to actu-ally address the issues that the Amer-ican people care about. We have bipar-tisan bills today that Speaker R
YAN could bring to the floor. They would pass with probably 70 or 60 percent of the vote. Mr. Speaker, the March 5 deadline for DACA protections is rapidly approach-ing. There is no plan in place to protect Dreamers like Anareli, Marcos, and Javier in my district. Instead, over 800,000 young adults are trying to see what happens next, hoping that the court system intervenes, hoping that somebody somewhere does something so they can continue to live and work legally in the only country that they know, the country that they call home, the United States of America. I have offered the Dream Act as an amendment to every spending bill that has come through the Rules Com-mittee. I will continue to do so until we finally get it done. But, again, instead of bringing up a bill to help protect Dreamers before the self-Trump-imposed March 5 dead-line, the House will consider legisla-tion that undermines the civil rights of disabled Americans, and it also makes it easier for predatory lenders to evade consumer protection laws. And people wonder why the House of Representa-tives is as unpopular as it is. H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act is a bill that hurts consumers. It is one that makes it easi-er for payday lenders to evade well- thought-out State-level protection laws. That is why over 200 national and State organizations have written in op-position to this bill, which they fear would open the floodgates for preda-tory lending with interest rates as high as 300 percent. Additionally, 20 State attorneys general have also written in opposition. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD  these two letters. 
NOVEMBER 29, 2017. Re Oppose H.R. 3299 (McHenry) and S. 1642 (Warner), Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. D
EAR MEMBERS OF CONGRESS : The under-signed 202 national and state organizations write in strong opposition to H.R. 3299 (McHenry) and S. 1642 (Warner), the Pro-tecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. The primary impact of this bill will be enabling nonbank lenders to make high-cost loans that exceed state interest rate limits by using a bank to originate the loan. The bill poses a serious risk of enabling preda-tory lending and unsafe lending practices. Unaffordable loans have devastating con-sequences for borrowers—trapping them in a cycle of unaffordable payments and leading to harms such as greater delinquency on other bills. Specifically, the bill makes it easier for payday lenders and other nonbanks to use rent-a-bank arrangements to ignore state in-terest rate caps and make high-rate loans. The bill overrides the Second Circuit’s Mad-den v. Midland decision, which held that a debt buyer purchasing debts originated by a national bank could not benefit from the Na-tional Bank Act’s preemption of state inter-est rate caps. The Madden decision did not limit the interest rates that banks may charge on credit cards and other forms of credit, but it does limit nonbanks from evad-ing state interest rate caps. Reversing the Second Circuit’s decision, as this bill seeks to do, would make it easier for payday lend-ers, debt buyers, online lenders, fintech com-panies, and other companies to use ‘‘rent-a- bank’’ arrangements to charge high rates on loans. The bill provides that ‘‘a loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of inter-est . . . shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be en-forced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’ In other words, if a bank originates a loan that ex-ceeds state interest rate caps, and then sells or assigns the loan to a nonbank, that nonbank can continue to charge a usurious rate. This bill could open the floodgates to a wide range of predatory actors to make loans at 300% annual interest or higher. The bill could bless arrangements such as the part-nership between the payday lender Elevate and Republic Bank, through which Elevate is making high-cost loans that exceed state in-terest rate caps. Through its Elastic brand, Elevate offers purportedly open-end loans in 39 states and the District of Columbia. Elevate does not disclose an APR, but a $380 advance repaid with monthly minimum payments would cost $480 to repay over five months. Including all fees, the annual rate for this extension of credit is about 100%, which is nearly three times the 36% legal in-terest rate approved by voters in Montana, one of the states where the lines of credit are offered. Through its Rise brand, Elevate also makes closed-end loans at rates up to 365% in states where those rates are permitted, and it could attempt to expand to other states. Enova, dba NetCredit, also offers high-cost installment loans in a number of states through a rent-a-bank partnership. Enova, like Elevate, relies on Republic Bank and Trust to facilitate this scheme. Other payday lenders have regularly at-tempted to avoid state usury caps through rent-a-bank arrangements. For example, CashCall has attempted to partner with banks to make usurious loans in several states. Courts have struck down those ar-rangements, finding that CashCall had to comply with state interest rate caps. The bill could undermine these decisions, by stat-ing that a loan’s interest rate remains valid even if a loan is transferred or assigned to a third party and ‘‘may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’ This could allow high-rate lenders to use banks to originate and then immediately transfer usurious loans. This bill is a massive attack on state con-sumer protection laws. In a letter by 20 State Attorneys General opposing provisions in another bill that would have overturned the Madden decision, the state law enforce-ment officers warned that the bill ‘‘would re-strict states’ abilities to enforce interest rate caps. It is essential to preserve the abil-ity of individual states to enforce their exist-ing usury caps and oppose any measures to enact a federal law that would preempt state usury caps.’’’ In fact, the Colorado Attorney General is in the midst of challenging online lenders’ use of a rent-a-bank scheme to make loans in violation of the state’s usury limits. This bill aims to thwart actions like these that seek to enforce state laws. The potential costs and damage to con-sumers are significant. In about 34 states, a $2,000 loan, 2-year installment loan at an APR exceeding 36% would be illegal. This bill risks making high-cost loans permissible across the country. The bill also could poten-tially expand short-term payday lending to the 15 states plus the District of Colombia whose state interest rate limits currently save borrowers over $2.2 billion annually in payday loan fees. Fintech lenders also should not be allowed to make loans that exceed state interest rate caps. State interest rate caps have not im-pacted responsible marketplace loans. The leading marketplace lenders do not make loans above 36% and the vast majority of their loans are well below that rate, com-fortably within state interest rate caps. But the mere fact that a lender uses the label ‘‘fintech’’ or ‘‘martketplace lender’’ does not ensure that it is a safe or affordable loan. For example, OnDeck, a lender focused on small business lending, offers term loans up to 99%. Moreover, many marketplace lenders make very large loans of $30,000 to $50,000 or high-er, and even 36% is a very high rate for such loans. Many states have tiered rate struc-tures in recognition that interest becomes more unaffordable the larger the loan. Iowa, for example, caps interest at 21% for loans over $10,000. There are also signs that some online lend-ers may not be appropriately underwriting their loans to ensure that the loans are af-fordable, and that many borrowers may not have the ability to repay, especially, if the economy sours. Recent news reports and SEC filings show that delinquency and charge-off rates at these marketplace lenders are ris-ing. One online lender apparently failed to verify a borrower’s income for a full two- thirds of its loans in 2016. Another lender has had so many of its loans fail, that it has had to repay investors for their losses in the last three securitizations of the loans it bundled up and sold to Wall Street. This bill would weaken lenders’ incentive to underwrite properly by making it easier to make high-rate loans. High interest rates result in misaligned incentives that can lead to lender profits but borrower catastrophe. Skewed incentives are already a problem in the marketplace loan industry. Moody’s credit-rating firms liken this industry to mortgage lending in the years leading up to the 2008 financial crisis—‘‘because the com-panies that market the loans and approve them quickly sell them off to investors,’’ re-lieving themselves of the risk of the loan later going bad. This bill could make that problem worse. The bill is not necessary to ensure access to affordable credit. Proponents of this bill claim that the Madden decision has had an adverse impact on access to credit. They point to a study that showed a drop in mar-ketplace lending by three lenders in the Sec-ond Circuit after the Madden decision for subprime borrowers, especially for those with FICO scores below 644. However, the study showed that these lenders offered only miniscule amounts of credit in the low FICO range even before the Madden decision. Thus, the impact on access to credit was trivial. Moreover, it is likely that the credit ex-tended before the decision at the lower end of the FICO spectrum was made to borrowers who had trouble repaying, and that lenders were relying on high interest rates on large loans to compensate for high default rates. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.016 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1139 February 14, 2018 
The bill wipes away the strongest available tool against predatory lending practices. Strong state rate caps, coupled with effec-tive enforcement by states, remain the sim-plest and most effective method to protect consumers from the predatory lending debt trap. Contrary to what lenders often claim, robust state loan laws do not drive people to find loans online. In fact, illegal online lend-ing is more prevalent in states that do not effectively regulate predatory lending than it is in states that enforce state interest rate caps. Accordingly, we urge you to reject this bill. For more information, contact Lauren Saunders at lsaunders@nclc.org or Scott Astrada at Scott.Astrada@responsiblelending.org. Action NC; Albany Center for Economic Success, Inc.; Allied Progress; Americans for Financial Reform; Arbor Farm Press; Ari-zona Community Action Association; Ari-zona PIRG; Arkansans Against Abusive Pay-day Lending; Ashe County Habitat for Hu-manity; Asheville Area Habitat for Human-ity; Baker Organizing School South.; Balti-more Neighborhoods, Inc; Billings First Con-gregational Church; Brazos Valley Afford-able Housing Corp.; Bucks County Women’s Advocacy Coalition; Business Outreach Cen-ter Network, Inc.; California Reinvestment Coalition; CALPIRG; Capital Good Fund; CARECEN–Central American Resource Cen-ter. Carolina Behavioral Health Alliance; Caro-lina Jews for Justice; CASH Campaign of Maryland; Catalyst Miami; Catholic Char-ities of Southern New Mexico; CCCS of WNC, Inc. DBA OnTrack Financial Education & Counseling; Cedar Grove Institute for Sus-tainable Communities; Center for Economic Integrity; Center for Economic Integrity— New Mexico Office; Center for Financial So-cial Work; Center for Global Policy Solu-tions; Center for Responsible Lending; CEO Pipe Organs/Golden Ponds Farm; Children First/Communities In Schools of Buncombe County; Church Women United in North Carolina; Clarifi; CO PIRG; Coalition on Homelessness and Housing in Ohio; College Park: An American Baptist Church; Colorado Center on Law & Policy; Communications Workers of America (CWA). Community Capital New York; Community Council of Metropolitan Atlanta; Commu-nity Economic Development Association of MI (CEDAM); Community Loan Fund of the Capital Region Inc.; Connecticut Association for Human Services; Connecticut Legal Serv-ices, Inc.; ConnPIRG; Consumer Action; Con-sumer Federation of America; Consumers Union; Covenant House of WV; Credit and Homeownership Empowerment Services Inc (CHES, Inc.); Credit Counseling Agencies of NC; Creighton College Democrats; Davidson Housing Coalition; Demos; Disability Rights North Carolina; Durham Regional Financial Center; East LA Community Corporation; Ecumenical Poverty Initiative; Empire Jus-tice Center. Faith in Action Alabama; Faith in Texas; Fayetteville Area Habitat for Humanity; Federation of Democratic Women DAC; Fi-nancial Pathways of the Piedmont; Florida Alliance for Consumer Protection; Florida Alliance for Retired Americans; Florida Con-sumer Action Network; Florida PIRG; Fons Law Office, representing consumers; Georgia PIRG; Georgia Watch; Gowen Consulting; Greater Ward’s Corner Area Business Asso-ciation (Virginia); Habitat for Humanity of Catawba Valley, Inc.; Habitat for Humanity of Davie County; Habitat for Humanity of Greater Greensboro; Habitat for Humanity of North Carolina; Heartland Alliance for Human Needs & Human Rights; Hispanic Baptist Convention of Texas; Hispanic Fed-eration; HomesteadCS; Housing Consultants Group. IDA and Asset Building Collaborative of NC; Illinois People’s Action; Illinois PIRG; Indiana Assets & Opportunity Network; Indi-ana Institute for Working Families; Indiana PIRG; Innovative Systems Group; Iowa PIRG; Jesuit Social Research Institute at Loyola University New Orleans; Just Har-vest; Kentucky Equal Justice Center; La Casa de Don Pedro; Legal Aid Justice Center (Virginia); Legal Aid Society of Milwaukee; Legal Services of Southern Piedmont; Long Island Housing Services, Inc.; Louisiana Budget Project; Lutheran Episcopal Advo-cacy Ministry NJ; Lutheran Advocacy Min-istry—New Mexico; Maine Center for Eco-nomic Policy; Maryland Consumer Rights Coalition; Maryland PIRG; MASSPIRG; Met-ropolitan Milwaukee Fair Housing Council. MICAH; Mobilization for Justice, Inc.; Montana Organizing Project; Montebello Housing Development Corporation; MoPIRG; Mountain State Justice; NAACP; NAOMI; National Association of Consumer Advo-cates; National Association of Social Work-ers West Virginia Chapter; National Con-sumer Law Center (on behalf of its low-in-come clients); National Rural Social Work Caucus; Native Community Finance; NCPIRG; New Economics for Women; New Economy Project; New Jersey Appleseed Public Interest Law Center; New Jersey Cit-izen Action; New Jersey Tenants Organiza-tion; New Mexico Fair Lending Coalition; NHPIRG; NJPIRG; North Carolina A. Philip Randolph Institute, Inc. North Carolina Assets Alliance; North Carolina Council of Churches; North Caro-lina Housing Coalition; North Carolina Insti-tute of Minority Economic Development; North Carolina Justice Center; North Caro-lina PIRG; North Carolina Rural Center; North Carolina State AFL–CIO; North Caro-lina United Methodist Conference; North Da-kota Economic Security and Prosperity Alli-ance; OhioPIRG; Oklahoma Policy Institute; Oregon PIRG; PennPIRG; Pennsylvania Council of Churches; Pennsylvania Military Officers Association of America; Pennsyl-vania War Veterans Council; People’s Action Institute; Philadelphia Unemployment Project; Piedmont Housing Alliance (Vir-ginia); PIRG in Michigan; Power New Mex-ico. Prince George’s CASH Campaign; Pros-perity Indiana; Prosperity Works; Public Justice; Public Justice Center; Public Law Center; Reinvestment Partners; Rural Dy-namics, Inc.; Safety MD LLC; Samaritan Ministries; Sisters of Charity of Nazareth Congregational Leadership; Sisters of Char-ity of Nazareth Western Province Leader-ship; Sisters of Mercy South Central Com-munity; Southern Poverty Law Center; Statewide Poverty Action Network; Step Up Savannah; Tabor Community Services; Ten-nessee Citizen Action; Texas Appleseed; TexPIRG; The AMOS Project; The Bell Pol-icy Center; The Episcopal Diocese of North Carolina; The Midas Collaborative; The One Less Foundation. Tuscaloosa Citizens Against Predatory Practices; Tzedek DC; U.S. PIRG; Unitarian Universalist Pennsylvania Legislative Advo-cacy Network; UNITE HERE; United for a Fair Economy; University of Wisconsin Law School, Consumer Law Clinic; Virginia Citi-zens Consumer Council; Virginia Interfaith Center for Public Policy; Virginia Orga-nizing; Virginia Poverty Law Center; Vir-ginians Against Payday Lending; VOICE Oklahoma City; WASHPIRG; Watauga Coun-ty Habitat for Humanity; WESST; West Vir-ginia Center on Budget and Policy; West Vir-ginia Citizen Action Group; WISDOM; WISPIRG; Women AdvaNCe; Woodstock In-stitute; WV Citizen Action Group. S TATE OF NEWYORK, O
FFICE OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL , June 7, 2017. Re The Financial CHOICE Act of 2017 (H.R. 10). Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. K
EVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. S
TENY HOYER , Minority Whip, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, M AJORITY LEADER  M
CCARTHY , M INORITY LEADER PELOSI , AND M
INORITY WHIPHOYER : On behalf of the un-dersigned State Attorneys General and the Executive Director of the Office of Consumer Protection for the State of Hawaii (the ‘‘States’’), we write to express our strong op-position to H.R. 10 (the ‘‘Act’’), which we un-derstand the full House of Representatives intends to vote on this week. The proposed Act will eliminate many of the critical con-sumer protections implemented as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (‘‘Dodd-Frank’’) in the wake of, and in response to, the financial crisis. As the chief consumer protection offi-cers in each of our respective States, we write to call your particular attention to those portions of the Act that would effec-tively eviscerate the role of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (‘‘CFPB’’), the only independent federal agency exclusively focused on consumer financial protection. While the Act purports to protect consumers from over-regulation by federal agencies, its far-reaching consequences would make con-sumers more vulnerable to fraud and abuse in the marketplace. The undersigned States support the work of the CFPB and oppose any effort to curtail its authority. While we find numerous provisions of the Act to be ob-jectionable, we write to highlight certain provisions that would significantly impact consumer protection — a core function of our States. I. B
ACKGROUND  Our States’ work to protect consumers from unscrupulous marketplace actors and practices is greatly enhanced when the fed-eral government serves as an effective part-ner. In the years leading up to the global fi-nancial crisis, residents of our States suf-fered the consequences of a federal govern-ment that failed to fulfill its basic obliga-tions to U.S. consumers to prevent fraud and misconduct by mortgage providers, servicers, and other financial firms. Families nationwide suffered dire financial con-sequences as a result of lax federal oversight and inaction. Since its inception, the CFPB has emerged as the independent federal consumer watch-dog the nation has long needed, and as a key partner in critically important consumer protection work undertaken by our States and by State Attorneys General across the country. The exceptional record of the CFPB speaks for itself. As of January 1, 2017, the CFPB has handled over one million con-sumer complaints, and obtained $11.8 billion in relief for 29 million consumers. The CFPB has taken enforcement actions to stem abuses by student loan originators and servicers, for-profit schools, debt collectors, credit reporting agencies, payday lenders, and foreclosure ‘‘rescue’’ companies, among others. Among its more recent, significant enforcement actions have been cases against 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.012 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1140 February 14, 2018 
mortgage servicer Ocwen Financial Corpora-tion for widespread mortgage servicing fail-ures, including improperly calculating bal-ances, misapplying payments, and failing to investigate consumer complaints, student loan servicer Navient for student loan serv-icing abuses, including failing to notify struggling borrowers of their eligibility for income-based repayment plans and steering such borrowers into more costly forbearance plans—and Wells Fargo bank for its wide-spread practice of opening unauthorized bank and credit card accounts for con-sumers. In addition, as part of its statutory mandate, the CFPB has conducted thorough and nuanced studies of complex financial issues that impact consumers and has issued rules intended to protect consumers in a thoughtful, consensus-driven manner. II. T
HEDEVASTATING EFFECTS OF THE ACT ON  C
ONSUMER PROTECTION  The Act would effectively cripple the CFPB from doing the job it has been doing so effectively since its inception. 
A. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB ’S 
RULEMAKING AND ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY  
OVER UNFAIR , DECEPTIVE , AND ABUSIVE ACTS  
AND PRACTICES  Section 736 of the Act would eliminate the CFPB’s authority to prohibit unfair, decep-tive, and abusive acts and practices (‘‘UDAAP’’). The CFPB’s authority to pro-hibit entities it supervises from engaging in UDAAP violations has been the basis for many of the CFPB’s most significant en-forcement actions, including the Ocwen, Navient, and Wells Fargo matters discussed above. In addition, several of the under-signed States have jointly filed cases with the CFPB against businesses and individuals engaged in unfair, deceptive, or abusive prac-tices. UDAAP authority gives the CFPB the flexibility to respond swiftly to new tech-nologies and practices that harm consumers, without the need to wait for legislation ex-pressly addressing a given practice. 
B. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB ’SS U-
PERVISION AND ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITY  
OVER LARGE BANKS  Section 727 of the Act would similarly eliminate the CFPB’s supervision and en-forcement authority over large banks and permit financial institutions that meet cer-tain criteria to elect to be exempted from the CFPB’s supervisory authority. This pro-vision is concerning in a number of ways, not the least of which is that it is through the supervision process that the CFPB often learns of systemic issues in the companies and industries it regulates. The CFPB is the only federal agency that has been conducting consumer protection reviews as the focus of their supervisory authority (rather than safety and soundness), which is important for the reasons previously discussed. In addi-tion, many of the CFPB’s enforcement ac-tions have been against the large banks. 
C. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB ’SA U-
THORITY TO REGULATE PAYDAY AND VEHICLE  
TITLE LOANS  Section 733 of the Act expressly prohibits the CFPB from engaging in any rulemaking or enforcement with respect to payday and vehicle title loans. Payday lending, as the CFPB’s own extensive research has docu-mented, has adversely affected the lives of millions of financially vulnerable consumers across the country. The CFPB has been at the forefront of curbing abuses in the payday lending industry and has supplemented state enforcement by taking enforcement actions against payday and other lenders that are attempting to collect on loans that are void under state law. The CFPB has been simi-larly aggressive in uncovering and con-fronting abuses in the vehicle title loan in-dustry, where consumers, risk the loss of their vehicle (with the corresponding loss in mobility) if they find themselves unable to repay their loans. The Act will strip the CFPB of all authority in these areas, includ-ing its enforcement authority and the ability to adopt sensible and common sense rules to prevent consumers from falling into debt traps that are often the result of payday and vehicle title loans. D. THE ACT WOULD PERMIT THIRD PARTY DEBT  
COLLECTORS TO CHARGE USURIOUS INTEREST  
RATES  Section 581 of the Act would restrict states’ abilities to enforce interest rate caps. Currently, there are no federal interest rate caps that cover financial products and serv-ices offered by national banks. Rather, na-tional banks are permitted to export the in-terest rate of their home state and disregard the more stringent interest rates of other states in which they do business. Section 581 of the Act would add language to four federal statutes to provide that, when a national bank sells or assigns debt covered by the Na-tional Bank Act, the buyer or assignee has the right to collect that same interest rate, regardless of the law of the state where the buyer or assignee is located. This would make it more difficult to ensure that debt buyers, online lenders, fintech companies, and rent-a-bank schemes comply with state interest rate caps. It is essential to preserve the ability of individual states to enforce their existing usury caps and oppose any measures to enact a federal law that would preempt state usury caps. 
E. THE ACT WOULD ELIMINATE THE CFPB RULE -
MAKING AUTHORITY REGARDING MANDATORY  
ARBITRATION  Section 738 of the Act would repeal the provision of Dodd-Frank that granted the CFPB authority to study and issue rules re-garding arbitration in financial services con-tracts. Dodd-Frank expressly authorized the CFPB to study arbitration provisions in fi-nancial services contracts, and to issue regu-lations prohibiting or restricting such provi-sions if the CFPB concluded that doing so would be ‘‘in the public interest and for the protection of consumers.’’ After a thorough review, the CFPB concluded that tens of mil-lions of Americans use financial products or services subject to mandatory arbitration clauses that prohibit proceeding on a class basis and that the effect of such provisions is to prevent consumers from seeking redress, particularly for small dollar claims. Elimi-nation of the CFPB’s authority in this area can only operate to the detriment of con-sumers. 
F. THE ACT WOULD REDUCE TRANSPARENCY AND  
DEPRIVE CONSUMERS OF A VALUABLE SOURCE  
OF INFORMATION  Finally, the Act would end the CFPB’s cur-rent practice of publicly posting information concerning individual consumer complaints in a searchable database. This information helps consumers make informed decisions about the companies with which they choose to do business, and increases transparency in the marketplace. Eliminating the release of this information provides no benefit to con-sumers, but only to companies whose prac-tices generate repeated complaints. III. C
ONCLUSION  For these and other reasons, the under-signed States urge you to support robust and engaged consumer protection in the finan-cial services industry by voting against the Act. A rollback of these significant post-fi-nancial crisis rules and regulations would substantially harm consumers and the public in general. If we can provide any further in-formation or assistance, please do not hesi-tate to contact us. Respectfully submitted, Eric T. Schneiderman, New York Attor-ney General; Xavier Becerra, California Attorney Gen-eral; George Jepsen, Connecticut Attorney General; Matthew Denn, Delaware Attorney Gen-eral; Karl A. Racine, Attorney General for the District of Columbia; Douglas S. Chin, Hawaii Attorney Gen-eral; Stephen H. Levins, Executive Director, Hawaii Office of Consumer Protection; Lisa Madigan, Illinois Attorney General; Tom Miller, Iowa Attorney General; Janet T. Mills, Maine Attorney General; Brian E. Frosh, Maryland Attorney Gen-eral; Maura Healey Massachusetts Attorney General; Lori Swanson, Minnesota Attorney Gen-eral; Jim Hood, Mississippi Attorney General; Josh Stein, North Carolina Attorney General; Ellen F. Rosenblum, Oregon Attorney General; Josh Shapiro, Pennsylvania Attorney General; Peter F. Kilmartin, Rhode Island Attor-ney General; T.J. Donovan, Vermont Attorney Gen-eral; Mark R. Herring, Virginia Attorney Gen-eral; Bob Ferguson, Washington State Attor-ney General. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, States can, and do, like my own State of Colorado, put limitations on the interest rates of installment loans issued by nonbanks. Banks, on the other hand, have the pre-emption of State interest rate caps through the National Bank Act. So in order to get around State inter-est rate caps, payday lenders often use a bank to originate a loan at a higher interest rate, but the nonbank designs the loan, provides the funding for the loan, services the loan, and guarantees any losses the bank incurs. In all but in name, it is the nonbank entity that is the loaning entity. Essentially, the payday lender is the de facto lender and the bank is simply a nominal par-ticipant to evade regulations. These are referred to as ‘‘rent-a-charter’’ schemes, and they are not new. In the early 2000s, Federal banking regulators shut down several of these arrangements between national banks and nonbank lenders. In 2014, the OCC made it clear that banks may not rent out their charters to third parties. Right now, our Federal banking regula-tions are able to contain these schemes, but this legislation would un-dermine our ability to stop abusive and predatory practices. States are leading the effort to stop abusive lending practices. In my home State of Colorado, there is actually a lawsuit challenging this very scheme. And now that the new Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has delayed a final rule that would have helped protect borrowers, it is ac-tually up to the States to help protect 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.014 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1141 February 14, 2018 
consumers, and this bill would make it harder. This bill would cripple States’, like Colorado’s, efforts to stop preda-tory lending from preying on their citi-zens. The Republican assault on States’ rights has gone from bad to worse. This is yet another part of the big govern-ment Republican war on consumers across the country preempting States’ rights for Washington, D.C., control. It seems the Republicans want to control everything from Washington. That is why we need to make sure that our States are empowered to have the ability they need to protect consumers and protect our law. Lately, there has been an increased focus on fintech companies and how they can help serve the unbanked or underbanked. And I agree. I am a big supporter of financial innovation and promote financial inclusion, but we can’t do that at the expense of con-sumers or at the very high cost of put-ting consumers into cycles of debt, which ends badly. Why are we considering legislation that would put all of the power in Washington, D.C., and take away State-level protections for consumers? Instead, we should be finding ways to increase access to affordable credit, make it easier for consumers to access the financial services that meet their needs, rather than trying to force a Re-publican Washington solution on all of the States across our country. We are considering this bill under a closed rule. There is only one amend-ment filed to this bill, and it is not even allowed to be debated about, no less voted on. Now, I want to talk about the other bill under this rule. H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act, is actually a pack-age of several bills that came out of the House Financial Services Com-mittee, some which are more con-troversial than others. Title I of the package, the TRID Improvement Act, was reported out by a 53–5 vote, and all the Republicans and Democrats sup-ported Title V of the package, Elimi-nating Barriers to Jobs for Loan Origi-nators. I support Title II, the Protection of Source Code Act, that is being included in this package. I also support Rep-resentative F
OSTER ’s amendment to that title, which would provide addi-tional clarification to the subpoena re-quirement and would only apply to the source for algorithmic trading. The problem is that it takes several bills that have broad bipartisan sup-port and combines them with other bills that should be considered sepa-rately, which is forcing Democrats and Republicans to weigh the package as a whole. We simply can’t know the rami-fications of considering all these bills at the same time, especially when they haven’t had hearings on the individual components. Finally, H.R. 620, the ADA Education and Reform Act, is, in many ways, the most damaging bill that is discussed under this rule. We are celebrating the Americans with Disabilities Act that was signed into law 28 years ago to really allow Americans with disabilities to have every kind of opportunity that every-body else does, free from discrimina-tion in the workplace, schools, and transportation. It was a landmark bi-partisan effort. Title III of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act prohibits places of public accommodation from discriminating against individuals with disabilities and sets a minimum reasonable stand-ard for accessibility, which has been the law of our land for three decades. H.R. 620 would make it more difficult for people with disabilities to have their rights guaranteed under the Americans with Disabilities Act. Under this bill, instead of requiring the public establishment to comply with the ADA, the burden should shift to the victim of the discrimination to prove a violation has occurred. You are forcing disabled Americans to go around with clipboards and inspector goggles, rath-er than forcing businesses to comply. It is simply not fair. It has been nearly three decades since the Americans with Disabilities Act was signed into law. All title III of the ADA requires is that businesses make their facilities accessible to the extent that it is readily achievable—a very reasonable burden under the law. Businesses have flourished over the last three decades and we have had continued economic growth. I have heard from so many of my constituents about this bill, including Cari Brown, a systems advocacy spe-cialist with the Arc of Larimer County, serving disabled residents. She said: ‘‘The standards set forth in the ADA are designed to ensure that people with disabilities can access basic public ac-commodations. Requiring people with disabilities to file a complaint to en-force compliance of a 28-year-old law is a step backwards.’’ I think this is a Republican plan to turn everybody with disabilities into an attorney, because that is what they are going to need to be to be able to as-sert the rights that they already have under the law. There is significant, if not universal, opposition to H.R. 620 from health and disabilities advocacy groups, including, but not limited to: Disability Rights Education and Defense Fund, Epilepsy Foundation, The Bazelon Center, the National Council on Disabilities, the American Association of People with Disabilities, and the Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities. We knew, Mr. Speaker, that this President has mocked and taken on Americans with disabilities, but I frankly thought it was above the Re-publicans in Congress to join President Trump in assaulting the rights of those with disabilities. H.R. 620 will not allow people with disabilities to immediately file ADA violations, essentially denying access to buildings due to a lengthy legal process. Who has time to wait several years to access a building that you need to be in because of your job? It simply doesn’t make sense. That means that people with disabilities will wait weeks, months, or years just to gain the access that is required under law. For businesses, there is simply no in-centive to adhere to ADA guidelines. All of this combined harms disabled Americans and weakens the legal pro-tections that, for decades, Republicans and Democrats have been proud of in the Americans with Disabilities Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). Members are re-minded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, there are a lot of things that we can agree or disagree on here, but one of the things, from my position, espe-cially with a daughter who has a handi-cap—this is not an insult to disabil-ities. It is actually keeping them from being abused and used by folks who don’t even have a disability suing and asking for money and not really caring if the issue gets fixed or not. At the end of the day, which would somebody rather have: a person in a wheelchair have something fixed, or have someone pay an attorney off so that they can make some money? Let’s at least put this in context of what it truly is. Mr. Speaker, I am happy to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. R
OYCE ). b1245 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speak-er, I am rising in strong support of the rule on the underlying bill. Included in this package of bills be-fore us today is the National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act. This is a bipartisan bill, and it is to ensure that future regulation can keep pace with—and not stifle—innovation in our equity markets. The SEC’s interpretation of the cur-rent law has created a two-tiered play-ing field by giving unintended pref-erential treatment to three named ex-changes. Now, one of those three no longer exists. Enactment of the National Securities Exchange Parity Act would strike ref-erences to particular stock exchanges in the 1933 Securities Act, and the bill would make it clear that the blue sky exemption from State-by-State reg-istration is extended to all national se-curities exchanges registered with the SEC. So why is that particular exemption important? If you were to ask anyone from Massachusetts, for example, who tried to invest in Apple during its IPO, State regulators banned the stock for being ‘‘too risky’’ under rules ‘‘aimed at weeding out highfliers that didn’t have solid earnings foundations.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.018 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1142 February 14, 2018 
Today, Apple is up 43,000 percent and is flirting with a $1 trillion market cap. The bill before us today increases the number of securities that will not be forced to register on a State-by-State basis, while maintaining important in-vestor protections. The SEC is and will remain the pri-mary enforcement agency of securities fraud. This bill in no way impacts the SEC’s oversight or enforcement au-thority. The SEC must also still ap-prove individual exchange listing standards; they simply won’t be al-lowed to preset the standards. State-by-State securities registra-tion not only potentially locks out in-vestors from promising opportunities like Apple, but it can have significant negative economic consequences by chilling public offerings and, obviously, innovation. The National Securities Exchange Parity Act encourages new exchanges to become listing venues and a source of capital for companies looking to go public, to expand, and to hire more workers. The bill is identical to language in-cluded in the larger regulatory reform package already passed by the Senate Banking Committee, and I urge my col-leagues on both sides of the aisle to support this commonsense, technical fix. It is good for market competition. It is good for capital formation. I urge passage of the rule and the underlying bill. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. L
ANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as the first quadriplegic elected to Congress, I am here today not just as a Member of Congress, but as someone here with a disability—and, I hope, providing a voice for so many in our country who also have disabilities—to give my per-spective on H.R. 620, the misnamed ADA Education and Reform Act. Mr. Speaker, the Americans with Disabilities Act was passed nearly 30 years ago as an enduring promise to an entire population of Americans that discrimination on the basis of dis-ability, including access to public ac-commodations, will not be tolerated. Now there have been decades for peo-ple and organizations to understand and implement provisions of the ADA. And for those who are just learning about the ADA or who need a refresher on the law, there are many free re-sources that provide information and technical assistance. The ADA provides a lifeline to so many who need access to classrooms, restrooms, businesses, restaurants, transit, and so much more. I recognize that there are some individuals who are unfairly targeted in States that have failed to protect against things like these ‘‘drive-by lawsuits.’’ But the root of the problem is not the ADA; it is the unscrupulous law-yers who take advantage of State laws that go beyond the Federal law to per-mit monetary damages. Now, the ADA does not allow people to sue for com-pensatory or punitive damages, only injunctive relief, meaning that they solve the problem. H.R. 620 does nothing to address the problem happening at the State level, nor does it target immoral lawyers. In-stead, it sacrifices the rights of mil-lions by reducing the impact and pro-tections of the ADA which so many have come to depend on. It does so by creating a ‘‘notice and cure’’ regime, as it is called, that will create an obvious disincentive for ADA compliance. The idea that addressing architec-tural barriers with a written notice that gives 60 days to acknowledge re-ceipt of a complaint and then 120 days to demonstrate ‘‘substantial progress’’ in the removal of an obstruction ig-nores the tenets of the ADA that sup-port an indisputable right to inclusion and respect; and it tells people with disabilities that we are not worthy of inclusion until someone is caught, and even then, a remedy is not guaranteed. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that the Rules Committee chose to make in order the bipartisan amendment that I will offer with my colleague and co- chair of the Bipartisan Disabilities Caucus, Representative GREGG HARPER ; but, to be frank, this bill should never have been reported out of the Judiciary Committee in the first place, much less to the floor. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 620 is a blunt tool that wrongfully impedes the right of people with disabilities. If H.R. 620 passes with any kind of notice and cure period, we will return to the days when discrimination was commonplace, and it will be because elected officials voted to remove civil rights instead of protecting them. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield such time as he may con-sume to my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL). Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to come before the House during this rules debate on this package of bipartisan bills that have been worked on for two Congresses now and that address a number of issues that I think Members on both sides of the aisle and our committee recognize would improve the capital market sys-tem, improve access to capital for busi-ness and consumers, and, also, reduce the red tape, the bureaucracy associ-ated with trying to run a community bank and provide services to our con-sumers, both businesses and families, that has been made so challenging since the passage of the Dodd-Frank Act almost 8 years ago. You know, I was coming to Wash-ington yesterday, and I was reading the weekend business section. There was a story there about Richard Griffin from Crossett, Arkansas, who has owned a community bank there for decades. It is about a $30 million, $35 million bank. He just said that, with his 13 employ-ees, he just couldn’t comply with the level of regulatory burden following Dodd-Frank that was so geared to our biggest financial institutions, our most complex financial institutions, compa-nies like those headquartered up in New York. He just felt compelled to exit the business and leave that town, leave the local board of directors, the local management team, and turn it over to an out-of-State company. Crossett, Arkansas, is a fine town, and it deserves a good banking pres-ence by a number of competitors, home to Georgia-Pacific and all of their ac-tivities there. Mr. Speaker, these bills are, as I say, bipartisan, and they are needed across this country. Let me just touch on a few of them. The ones that I think provide the most benefit to community bankers and businesses and customers of those local banks are, first of all, Mr. STIV-
ERS’ bill, which eliminates a barrier, a well-intended licensing provision if you wanted to make mortgage loans after the ’08 crisis. Congress thought it was a good idea to make sure that mortgage lenders were qualified, so they made them get a license. We can debate whether that was too much work or not or whether it was worthwhile or not. They made bankers get it and nonbanks. But in this bill, Mr. S
TIVERS simply says, if you are going to try to change jobs and you hold a mortgage license, that you just have a transition period where you don’t have to go requalify for that if you are going to work for a nonbank or you are going to work for somebody in another State. It only passed our committee 60–0, so it doesn’t get much more bipartisan than that. That will help banks reduce red tape, recruit loan officers, and get them to work faster serving customers. Likewise, the TRID Improvement Act of 2017 is something that I worked on in a variety of ways, and it is in-cluded in this package. It allows States where you can buy both a personal pol-icy for your title insurance as well as the title coverage for a closing to show you the real discount. Mr. Speaker, the real irony here is that, when E
LIZABETH WARREN was a staffer and a college professor, one of her goals for the CFPB was simplifica-tion, that we take all these com-plicated forms and we would make them easier to use. Well, here is an example of the exact opposite. The new Truth in Lending forms for real estate settlements were made more complicated. After 8 years of dealing with it, this was a classic ex-ample of trying to make it simpler. Let’s actually show the consumer what the real closing costs are for their title insurance. This will speed mort-gage closings. This will reduce errors in mortgage closings. This will reduce consumer confusion about the so-called Know Before You Owe rule. I would argue this rule has made it much more difficult to know what you owe before you borrow it, and this is a small step in improving that. Mr. Speaker, these things help our community banks. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.020 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1143 February 14, 2018 
There is one other in this package we are considering today, Mr. M
CHENRY ’s bill, which allows community banks that originate loans, consumer loans, commercial loans, that are selling those loans to a nonbank, a nonbank servicer or a nonbank packager, to be able to pass through the rate that they originated the loan for. There was a Supreme Court case that has made that more complicated, that said you can’t pass through the rate and that State banking laws don’t preempt our State usury laws for this kind of work. So I commend Mr. M
CHENRY for this, because this improves liquidity to our community banking system and, again, lowers rates for consumers, makes products more accessible, and makes our small community banks more com-petitive. I will close by just touching on a cou-ple of other measures that I think help businesses, help capital markets, help capital flow. One, you just heard my friend from California (Mr. R
OYCE ) talk about his bill. That will help capital markets flow. That will create parity among our exchanges, lowering costs for com-panies that want to go public and have their action there, raise capital on the public markets. Mr. D
UFFY has a bill that requires the SEC to actually get a subpoena if they want to get source code from a capital markets provider, someone who is managing money, someone who is of-fering to manage portfolios or offer a mutual fund company, and this is very, very helpful. I think, when you want to get your secret sauce for your business and the government wants it, they ought to have a subpoena. That is all that this bill does. It doesn’t change the rules about that. It doesn’t change anything other than saying, if you want this information, you ought to go and get a subpoena, and I believe that will improve capital formation. So, Mr. Speaker, these are good bills. These are bipartisan bills. These are bills that we have worked on for two Congresses that will help consumers, increase access to credit, lower the cost of that credit, and increase capital flows to the business sector to support the growth that the American people want. I appreciate the Rules Committee al-lowing me to speak on these bills. I ap-preciate Chairman H
ENSARLING putting them together. And to my friends on the other side, these are bills that went through reg-ular order. b1300 These are bills that are bipartisan. These are bills that have the support of the opposition. We have put them to-gether in a bipartisan package today under this rule because our friends down the hall in the United States Sen-ate are rapidly moving a bipartisan package of improvements for our cap-ital markets and our banks, something that we want, something that we have waited some 8 years for. So this allows us to work better with our colleagues over in the Senate, where 14 Democrats have partnered with Senator CRAPO on the Banking Committee to move bipar-tisan legislation that will help us grow our economy. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. President Trump continues to, frank-ly, offend our sensibilities and values by insisting that somehow Democrats don’t care about fixing DACA. Well, I would beg to differ. This is the 22nd time we have tried to bring the bipar-tisan bill, H.R. 3440, the Dream Act, to the House floor for a vote. We have made our position clear. We want immigration policies that reflect our values, that make America safer, while realizing, of course, that we are a nation both of laws and of immigrants. Yesterday, the U.S. Chamber of Com-merce again urged Congress to pass legislation that provides permanent re-lief for Dreamers. Even the conserv-ative Cato Institute estimates that de-porting Dreamers would result in a $280 billion reduction in economic growth over the next decade. Mr. Speaker, if we don’t care about the families, about the young people affected, surely you care about $280 bil-lion that will be lost if Republicans fail to act. Protecting these aspiring Amer-icans is not only the right thing to do morally, it is the right thing to do for our country and for our economy. If we defeat the previous question today, for the 23rd time, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3440, the Dream Act. This bipar-tisan, bicameral legislation would fi-nally help hundreds of thousands of young people who are American in every way except for on paper. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous con-sent to insert the text of my amend-ment in the R
ECORD , along with extra-neous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Cali-fornia (Mr. C
ORREA ) to discuss our pro-posal. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, again, I stand on this floor to speak about the Dreamers, and this time I ask a simple question: What happened? For months here in Washington, we couldn’t pass a budget; we refused to pass a budget. Numerous continuing resolutions were brought up. We even shut down government, and the press talked about the Dreamers. It was all about the Dreamers. Yet, last week, after the budget spending caps were raised for both military and nonmilitary expenditures, we got a budget, and that was a budget that was voted on by both Democrats and Republicans. So, I guess, ladies and gentlemen, this was not about the Dreamers because we still don’t have a fix for the Dreamers. Yet 80 percent of our public supports a fix for the Dreamers; 80 percent of our public supports a pathway to citi-zenship for our Dreamers; and even our President wants a fix for the Dreamers. Why? Because all of us recognize that Dreamers are soldiers, teachers, police officers. They are, effectively, our friends and our neighbors. Yet here we are again today, not sure of the future for Dreamers in this country. Folks, it is time to stop using Dreamers as political pawns in a bigger political chess game. Last week, at the State of the Union, my guest was a Dreamer from my dis-trict. She is a college student majoring in chemistry, and I say to all of you, she is going to make a tremendous sci-entist. We need scientists in this coun-try. As you know, America is a land of immigrants, and all of us here are im-migrants, and, as you know, 75 of our Fortune 500 companies are led by im-migrants. We need more hardworking immigrants. That is what Dreamers are. They are hardworking. They study hard, pay their taxes, follow the law, and, yes, la-dies and gentlemen, Dreamers have been vetted. Let me repeat: Dreamers are immigrants who have been vetted. And yet today we still ask: What is going to happen to Dreamers? Mr. Speaker, let’s not live with any regrets. Let’s not look back tomorrow, next year, 10, 20 years from now and say what we could have, should have, would have. Let’s do the right thing, Mr. Speaker. Now is the time to act. Let’s vote for our Dreamers. Let’s vote on H.R. 3440, and let’s do the right thing. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield my-self such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am not sure what is worse, the fact that we are taking up legislation that would make it more difficult for Americans to gain access to buildings in their community, in-cluding buildings that they work in, or that we are considering legislation that makes it easier for payday lenders to prey on vulnerable consumers by forcing in Washington, D.C., Big Gov-ernment Republican values on our States’ rights; or is it worse that we are not taking up legislation to protect the hundreds of thousands of Dreamers at risk of deportation in the beginning of March unless we act? My Republican colleagues are work-ing hard to put Washington, D.C., Big Government ahead of people, to force people with disabilities to get law de-grees and wander around with notepads to document when they are unable to get into a building, and putting payday lenders ahead of hardworking Ameri-cans. Instead, we should be focused on find-ing bipartisan solutions to protect as-piring Americans from being forcibly deported from the only country that they know as home. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.021 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1144 February 14, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule and ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3299 and H.R. 620, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think the interesting thing is, as has been expressed by a couple of our speakers, especially on the Financial Services bills, these are bipartisan pieces of legislation that have come back. They have been vet-ted. They came before not only this body, many of them through the CHOICE Act, previously, but also have been coming back. And something that is really interesting is the bicameral, bipartisan process of making sure that capital and these Financial Services bills are actually something that we can move and can improve. But I do, again, take a little bit of exception. And look, rhetoric is rhet-oric, but deceit is also deceit in the sense that we don’t talk about, espe-cially in this ADA—I am not sure how opposing a bill that is designed to make improvements for folks and in protecting trial lawyers who can get people who do not even have disabil-ities to sue or to send a demand letter to get money without ever requiring that the business actually solve the problem. That is what has been missing in this debate today. They can actually send a letter, say: Here is where our problem is. We are going to sue you, but if you send us X amount of dollars, that will do away with it—never concerned at all if the decision is actually making a dif-ference in the business or the location. They don’t care. And, in fact, if you want to oppose this, then you are just actually, frank-ly, saying: That is a good idea. I like that. Let’s just pick on businesses, and at the end of the day, you know those folks with disabilities, they are just our key to making more money. That is wrong. My daughter is not a money-making proposition. That has got to cease. We can disagree on ways about this. My friend from Rhode Island and I have talked about this a great deal. We are of the same mind and same agreement. We may disagree on somehow this is it and how to get there, but at the end of the day, the ADA is still there. The ADA is not going away. The ADA is not being gutted, and nobody is asking folks with disabilities to get law de-grees. A lot of them have, and they are making a difference. But one of the greatest emphases to a business that may have an impedi-ment, they may have put something in the way, is for somebody with a dis-ability to say: By the way, I can’t get in here. And most every business on Earth does not want to stand at the door and say: I don’t want disability folks in my business. No. They want to fix it because they want to do business. To say anything else is simply, unfortunately at times, tending to scare people for the wrong reasons. If you want to defend trial lawyers and others who are willing to sue with nondisabled people, to sue businesses taking Google photographs of Google Maps and saying, ‘‘This is a business that we are going to extort something from,’’ then vote against this bill, but then explain to somebody in a wheel-chair why you are using them and al-lowing these folks to use them for their profit motive. That is wrong. We can find a lot of ways to find agreement here, but let’s at least look at the situation on how it is. So, with these Financial Services bills, they provide regulatory relief. They reduce unnecessary burdens. They are bipartisan. I am urging my friends and colleagues to take a look at the amendments because there are a lot of amendments that are going to come forward on these, especially the ADA bill and others. Look at that. Listen to it. Talk about it. But at the end of the day, never forget what is actually hap-pening here, and what we are actually seeing is something that we can make a difference in and we are looking to make a difference in. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this rule and the underlying bill. The material previously referred to by Mr. P
OLIS is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 736 O FFERED BY  M
R. POLIS At the end of the resolution, add the fol-lowing new sections: S
EC. 6. Immediately upon adoption of this resolution the Speaker shall, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for consider-ation of the bill (H.R. 3440) to authorize the cancellation of removal and adjustment of status of certain individuals who are long- term United States residents and who en-tered the United States as children and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally di-vided and controlled by the chair and rank-ing minority member of the Committee on the Judiciary. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the five-minute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the con-clusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and re-port the bill to the House with such amend-ments as may have been adopted. The pre-vious question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without in-structions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no reso-lution on the bill, then on the next legisla-tive day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. S
EC. 7. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of H.R. 3440. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT I
TREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against or-dering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), de-scribes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject be-fore the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the de-mand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party of-fered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R-Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitz-gerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy im-plications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Repub-lican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Rep-resentatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Al-though it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member con-trolling the time will not yield for the pur-pose of offering an amendment, the same re-sult may be achieved by voting down the pre-vious question on the rule . . . When the mo-tion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the pre-vious question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amend-ment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amend-ment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, sec-tion 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon re-jection of the motion for the previous ques-tion on a resolution reported from the Com-mittee on Rules, control shifts to the Mem-ber leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for de-bate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy impli-cations. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican major-ity’s agenda and allows those with alter-native views the opportunity to offer an al-ternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speak-er, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.023 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1145 February 14, 2018 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5- minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered, and Motions to suspend the rules with re-gard to H.R. 3542 and H. Res. 129. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 228, nays 187, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 72] YEAS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—15 
Barr Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Pearce Perry Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1338 Messrs. PALLONE and D
ESAULNIER changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘Yea’’ on rollcall No. 72. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ). The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—ayes 227, noes 187, not voting 16, as follows: 
[Roll No. 73] AYES—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.025 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1146 February 14, 2018 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—16 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Carter (TX) Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Rokita Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1350 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
HAMAS HUMAN SHIELDS PREVENTION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3542) to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields, and for other pur-poses, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 415, nays 0, not voting 15, as follows: 
[Roll No. 74] YEAS—415 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—15 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Joyce (OH) LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1358 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to impose sanctions against Hamas for violating univer-sally applicable international laws of armed conflict by intentionally using civilians and civilian property to shield military objectives from lawful attack, and for other purposes.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.005 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1147 February 14, 2018 
CALLING ON GOVERNMENTS TO INTENSIFY EFFORTS TO INVES-TIGATE, RECOVER, AND IDEN-TIFY ALL MISSING AND UNAC-COUNTED-FOR PERSONNEL OF THE UNITED STATES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on the mo-tion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 129) calling on the Department of Defense, other ele-ments of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify ef-forts to investigate, recover, and iden-tify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolu-tion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. W
ILSON ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, as amended. This is a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 19, as follows: 
[Roll No. 75] YEAS—411 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Diaz-Balart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Roybal-Allard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
NOT VOTING—19 
Babin Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Byrne Costa Cummings Denham Duncan (SC) Graves (LA) Gutie´rrez Jayapal LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Vela´zquez Watson Coleman Yarmuth 
b1405 So (two-thirds being in the affirma-tive) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The title of the resolution was amended so as to read: ‘‘Calling on the Department of Defense, other appro-priate elements of the Federal Govern-ment, and foreign governments to reso-lutely continue efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all United States personnel designated as unaccounted- for from past wars and conflicts around the world.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMAN-CIPATION HALL FOR A CERE-MONY AS PART OF THE COM-MEMORATION OF THE DAYS OF REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on House Administration be dis-charged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 103, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the con-current resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Mississippi? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
H. C ON. RES. 103 Resolved by the House of Representatives (the Senate concurring), 
SECTION 1. USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL FOR HOLOCAUST DAYS OF REMEM-BRANCE CEREMONY. 
Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center is authorized to be used on April 9, 2018, for a ceremony as part of the com-memoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. Physical prepara-tions for the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
The concurrent resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
REQUEST TO REMOVE NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 620 Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 620. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The re-quest of the gentlewoman from Ala-bama cannot be entertained. 
f 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, pur-suant to House Resolution 736, I call up the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Re-vised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.031 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1148 February 14, 2018 
ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
RAT). Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the bill is considered read. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3299 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’. 
SEC. 2. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds that— (1) the contractual doctrine of valid when made which, as applied to lending agree-ments, provides that a loan that is valid at inception cannot become usurious upon sub-sequent sale or transfer to another person; (2) this important and longstanding prin-ciple derives from the common law and its application has been a cornerstone of United States banking law for nearly 200 years, as provided in the case Nichols v. Fearson, 32 U.S. (7 Pet.) 103, 106 (1833), where the Su-preme Court famously declared: ‘‘Yet the rule of law is everywhere acknowledged, that a contract free from usury in its inception, shall not be invalidated by any subsequent usurious transactions upon it.’’; (3) in 2016, the Solicitor General, in con-sultation with all Federal banking regu-lators, filed an amicus brief in the case of Midland Funding, LLC v. Madden, 136 S. Ct. 2505 (2016) (mem.), denying cert. to 786 F.3d 246 (2d Cir. 2015), that described the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Cir-cuit in that case ‘‘incorrect’’ with an ‘‘anal-ysis reflect[ing] a misunderstanding’’ of sec-tion 85 of the National Bank Act and Su-preme Court precedent, because it contra-dicted the contractual doctrine of valid when made; (4) the valid-when-made doctrine, by bringing certainty to the legal treatment of all valid loans that are transferred, greatly enhances liquidity in the credit markets by widening the potential pool of loan buyers and reducing the cost of credit to borrowers at the time of origination; (5) a joint academic study from profes-sors at Stanford, Fordham, and Columbia universities concluded that the Madden v. Midland decision has already disproportion-ately affected low- and moderate-income in-dividuals in the United States with lower FICO scores; and (6) if the valid-when-made doctrine is not reaffirmed soon by Congress, the lack of ac-cess to safe and affordable financial services will force households in the United States with the fewest resources to seek financial products that are nontransparent, fail to in-form consumers about the terms of credit available, and do not comply with State and Federal laws (including regulations). 
SEC. 3. RATE OF INTEREST AFTER TRANSFER OF LOAN. 
(a) A MENDMENT TO THE REVISED STAT-
UTES .—Section 5197 of the Revised Statutes (12 U.S.C. 85) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this section shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, as-signed, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwithstanding any State law to the contrary.’’. (b) A
MENDMENT TO THE HOME OWNERS ’ L
OANACT.—Section 4(g) of the Home Owners’ Loan Act (12 U.S.C. 1463(g)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this subsection shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party not-withstanding any State law to the con-trary.’’. (c) AMENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL CREDIT  U
NION ACT.—Section 205(g) of the Federal Credit Union Act (12 U.S.C. 1785(g)) is amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this subsection shall remain valid with respect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or otherwise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party not-withstanding any State law to the con-trary.’’. (d) A
MENDMENT TO THE FEDERAL DEPOSIT  I
NSURANCE ACT.—Section 27 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (12 U.S.C. 1831d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) A loan that is valid when made as to its maximum rate of interest in accordance with this section shall remain valid with re-spect to such rate regardless of whether the loan is subsequently sold, assigned, or other-wise transferred to a third party, and may be enforced by such third party notwith-standing any State law to the contrary.’’. 
SEC. 4. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed as limiting the authority or jurisdiction of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Board of Governors of the Federal Re-serve System, the Bureau of Consumer Fi-nancial Protection, or the National Credit Union Administration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas (Mr. H
ENSARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to sub-mit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017, a most important goal of this Chamber. H.R. 3299 is an important bill that is cosponsored by a bipartisan group of Members of the House and was approved by the House Financial Services Committee with a very strong bipartisan vote of 42–17. I would like to start out by thanking my colleague, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ), the vice chairman of the committee, for in-troducing this legislation and leading our congressional efforts to help create a regulatory framework which will en-courage the growth of financial tech-nology and expand much-needed access to credit for American small businesses and consumers. H.R. 3299 is a legislative response to the 2015 Second Circuit Court of Ap-peals decision in Madden v. Midland Funding, which clearly appears to have not not considered the valid-when- made legal doctrine, which is a nearly 200-year-old principle of usury law in our Republic. Again, Mr. Speaker, 200 years of settled common law upended in one court case. In the decision, the court held that, while the National Bank Act allowed a federally chartered bank to charge in-terest under the laws of its home State on loans it makes nationwide, nonbanks that bought those loans could not continue to collect that in-terest because nonbanks are generally subject to the limits of the borrower’s State. The Second Circuit decision has caused considerable uncertainty and risk for many types of bank lending programs, including bank model mar-ketplace lending where national banks originate loans and then transfer them to nonbank third parties. Being able to offer consistent terms nationwide is vital to scaling the mar-ketplace lending business, which, in turn, allows lenders to access cheaper investment capital and then pass the savings on to the borrowers who may be looking to buy their first home, start a business, send a kid to college. H.R. 3299, again, is a commonsense bill that simply codifies the 200-year- old valid-when-made legal doctrine, which would preserve the lawful inter-est rate on a loan originated by a bank even if the loan is sold, assigned, or transferred to a nonbank third party. This fundamental concept is the backbone of how fintech companies partner with banks. Without it, con-sumers are faced with higher costs and less availability of credit, particularly those consumers with less access to traditional lending sources. Mr. Speaker, don’t take my word for it. According to a recent Columbia/ Stanford University study, borrowers with credit scores under 625 have seen their credit cut in half, cut in half thanks to this decision. Again, Mr. Speaker, borrowers with less than stel-lar credit scores have seen their credit cut in half in the territory comprising the Second Circuit. We simply cannot allow this to happen. Now, Mr. Speaker, thanks to Presi-dent Trump and Congress passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we are begin-ning to see this economy start to take off. We are finally seeing wages begin to grow after 8 years of failed economic policy, but so much work remains to be done for working American families. We have heard, on our Financial Services Committee, Mr. Speaker, from so many of these families who are try-ing to make ends meet, and it is just vital that they be able to access credit. Americans like Alan from New Hampshire, who recently had trouble finding credit through traditional 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.034 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1149 February 14, 2018 
banks and credit unions due to the reg-ulatory load. As he explained: ‘‘But for my local dealer’s efforts on my behalf, there is no doubt I would not be driving my current car. And this was a des-perate situation, as I am the sole in-come earner for my family. My wife is ill, and we have two young children in school. After my old vehicle broke down, I needed to find reliable replace-ment transportation so I could get to work and continue to provide for my family.’’ Mr. Speaker, we should not let the Second Circuit prevent Alan from get-ting that car loan he desperately needs in order to get to work as the sole pro-vider for his family. A small-business owner from Utah named Maxine applied for a loan for her 37-year-old established business so she could update and purchase equip-ment to support a contract that would have led to the creation of 50 addi-tional jobs. She explained: ‘‘Three banks informed us that our rating, ac-cording to new bank regulations im-posed by Dodd-Frank, disqualified us from loan consideration.’’ Fifty jobs, poof, gone, Mr. Speaker. So is not Dodd-Frank bad enough? Now we are going to add this Second Circuit opinion to deny credit, which, for lower credit score individuals, has cut credit opportunity in half? I don’t think so. I don’t think so. It is not up for the unelected to make such decisions. We cannot continue to allow, Mr. Speaker, Washington red tape and the Second Circuit to cut off credit oppor-tunities for hardworking Americans. As the bill says: ‘‘We must preserve and protect consumers’ access to cred-it.’’ I urge every Member to support this very important bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1415 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in opposi-tion to H.R. 3299, or the so-called Pro-tecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. There is a good reason over 200 civil rights, consumer, faith-based, housing, labor, and veterans advocacy organizations oppose this bill. The type of credit that this bill helps consumers access is the kind that makes it easier for vulnerable consumers to sink into insurmountable debt like payday and other high-cost loans. H.R. 3299 expands the ability of nonbanks to preempt State-level con-sumer protections by stating that the interest rate on any loan originated by a national bank that is subsequently transferred to a third party, no matter how quickly after it is originated, is enforceable, which incentivizes riskier and predatory lending. H.R. 3299 ad-vances a dangerous precedent by allow-ing third parties that purchase loans from national banks to collect on in-terest rates that would otherwise be il-legal because they exceed State caps. Now, this bill is an attempt to over-turn a court decision related to the legal concept of ‘‘valid when made’’ from the Second Circuit Court of Ap-peals in Madden v. Midland Funding, LLC. In that case, the court held that, when loans are transferred from banks to nonbank third parties, they must maintain the same terms, rates, and conditions as required by the State where the originating bank is char-tered. Despite claims by proponents of the bill, legal experts have explained in testimony that ‘‘the valid-when-made doctrine is a modern invention, not a cornerstone of U.S. banking law.’’ The Madden decision is only the rule of law in the States under the Second Circuit, which are Connecticut, New York, and Vermont. Some industry ad-vocates, particularly marketplace lender fintechs, have argued the ruling and confusion about valid when made caused such great market ambiguity that it has resulted in reduced lending to needy borrowers in those States, but those claims have not been substan-tiated. The only purported evidence we have on the effect of the Madden rule is a single, unpublished study that cannot even be peer-reviewed because it relies on private data from a single, unidenti-fied marketplace lender, and the au-thors of that study have not endorsed this bill. In addition, 20 State attor-neys general, including the attorneys general for all three States under the Second Circuit, oppose this legislative change. But do you know what? Predatory lenders are worried about the Madden case for a different reason. Elevate, an online payday lender, is afraid that they won’t be able to con-tinue making predatory loans if the Madden decision stays in place. In their public filings with the SEC, Ele-vate said: 
To the extent that the holdings in Madden were broadened to cover circumstances ap-plicable to Elevate’s business or if other liti-gation on related theories were brought against us and were successful, we could be-come subject to State usury limits and State licensing laws in addition to the State con-sumer protection laws to which we are al-ready subject. In a greater number of States, loans in such States could be deemed void and unenforceable, and we would be subject to substantial penalties in connection with such loans. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not doubt the sin-cerity of the good actors that may be trying to navigate a difficulty the Mad-den ruling potentially caused, but this is not just about those businesses, be-cause H.R. 3299 would go much further to allow other third parties, including payday lenders, to evade or outright disregard State-level laws and collect debt from borrowers at unreasonably high rates of interest if they purchase loans from a national bank. These ar-rangements are called rent-a-bank or rent-a-charter agreements, and they allow payday lenders to use banks as a front for predatory behavior and the evasion of State interest rate caps. Payday loans drain wealth from low- income consumers, particularly those in communities of color, and payday loans trap their borrowers into a cycle of debt that it takes years to climb out of with high interest rates that are often in excess of 300 percent. So let’s be clear. Instead of simply overturning the Madden decision, H.R. 3299 would go far beyond that and cod-ify an expanded preemption power without any proof that it will benefit consumers. In fact, all we do know is that the bill will make it easier for bad actors to evade safeguards that States have put in place to protect borrowers. We cannot advance a bill that will allow nonbanks like payday lenders to ignore State interest rate caps and make high-rate loans. While Congress has preempted some State laws for na-tional banks, it did not authorize na-tional banks to extend the privilege to whatever entities they so choose. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MCHENRY ), vice chairman of the committee and spon-sor of the legislation. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chairman for his kindness in working with me and my team on bringing this bill to the floor today, and I want to thank his staff as well. What we have today is the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act, a bi-partisan piece of legislation that we have both Republicans and the Demo-crats in the Senate in support of as well as Democrats and Republicans here in the House of Representatives supportive of. The issue we are dealing with is one of the biggest challenges facing our country, which is the decline of lending to consumers and small businesses in small towns and rural communities like the ones I represent in western North Carolina. It is the same issue facing so many in urban settings as well. This touches all of America. But the story in rural America is bleak. Community banks are closing at a rapid pace, and small businesses are struggling to find loans. Many Ameri-cans don’t have the savings to cover a common $1,000 emergency like a car re-pair. That is not just a rural issue; that touches all American communities. The good news is, after the financial crisis, innovative companies and banks partnered together to find new ways to help hardworking Americans and small-business owners. They call it fintech. These innovative companies partner with banks to help small businesses get a loan. They help young people get out of student debt. They help everyday Americans find the financing they need to lead better lives. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.035 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1150 February 14, 2018 
Now, this should be something her-alded by both parties. It shouldn’t be a partisan issue. It shouldn’t be left or right, conservative or liberal. It is a good thing that is happening with in-novation and different modes of lend-ing and borrowing in this country. And while this era of financial inno-vation is brand-new, the actual struc-ture supporting fintech is based on one of the oldest bedrock principles in American law. The fundamental con-cept is called valid when made. Valid when made, or what the Su-preme Court referred to in 1833 as ‘‘the cardinal rule’’ of American interest rate laws, provides the legal foundation for how fintech companies partner with banks. I don’t have to share with the rank-ing member or other Members of our Chamber that banks are heavily regu-lated; and if they even partner with an-other firm, that, too, is a regulated thing. Yet all that changed when the Supreme Court declined to hear the case of Madden v. Midland Funding. In Madden, activist judges on a Fed-eral appeals court broke with a long-standing legal precedent of valid when made and, instead, held that the 1864 National Bank Act did not have a pre-emptive effect on loans created under this fintech bank partnership. Now the legal framework has been around almost for 200 years, and the particular law that we are dealing with has been around for 150 years, roughly speaking. This decision, though, has created uncertainty for fintech compa-nies, financial institutions, and credit markets generally. According to a study from Columbia University and Stanford University, Madden significantly reduced credit availability in that affected region, and this matters for all Americans be-cause of the effect it is having. What we saw is loan volumes de-clined and the average FICO score for borrowers to get a loan increased. That means that, if you are on the margins of society, it got harder and more ex-pensive for you to get lending. So it is a bad case. Simply put, this should not be happening, and if we are serious about financial inclusion for all Ameri-cans, we need this bill today. A bipar-tisan bill, we need it. And if we are serious about modern-izing our financial system, we need this bill passed into law. And if we are seri-ous about helping everyday Americans, not just the fortunate few with un-blemished credit, we need to pass this bill. I am pleased this legislation enjoys support from my colleagues on both sides of the aisle. I want to thank Rep-resentative M
EEKS , Democrat, of New York; Senator M
ARK WARNER , Demo-crat, of Virginia; and Senator P
AT T
OOMEY , Republican, of Pennsylvania, who worked hard on this bipartisan, bi-cameral legislation. It is important. It is needed. It will have a positive im-pact on people’s lives. All arguments that have been made against this bill on the floor don’t ac-tually focus on what is important and necessary about this legislation. They are straw men that don’t have any-thing to do with the contents of this very simple, bipartisan piece of legisla-tion. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to vote for this. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KHANNA ), vice chair of the Congres-sional Progressive Caucus. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this bill, Protecting Con-sumers’ Access to Credit Act. I represent Silicon Valley, and I am not opposed to fintech. Let’s be very clear: If there is technology that is going to make it easier for people to get access to capital, who is opposed to that? But this has nothing to do with fintech. This has to do with basic State laws. The question is not: Are we going to go to the future? The question is: Are we going to go back to ‘‘The Mer-chant of Venice’’ when usury laws were allowed? That really is what the issue is. What this bill does, just to be very clear, is it says: If you want to use fintech, if you want to use technology, now there is no law against being charged 380 percent interest. Mr. M
CHENRY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. KHANNA. I yield to the gen-tleman from North Carolina. Mr. M
CHENRY. Mr. Speaker, is the gentleman asserting there is no law or Federal regulation against federally chartered banks giving loans to people? Mr. Speaker, that is not simply the case. Mr. KHANNA. Mr. Speaker, let me take back my comment. Mr. Speaker, I understand the Second Circuit decision. The Second Circuit decision basically said that, if you are a bank and if you are a fintech com-pany and you are in a rural part of the country—and I totally agree with the gentleman; we need more capital to rural America; we need more tech there. I admire Steve Case’s work, the ‘‘Rise of the Rest.’’ But what the Second Circuit said is you can’t partner with a national bank and preempt State law. So if North Carolina has a law saying you can’t charge 400 percent interest, if there is a bank in New York or a bank in Cali-fornia that wants to charge 400 percent interest just because they have some magical fintech, they can’t charge peo-ple 400 percent interest in North Caro-lina or Arkansas. I am all for giving more capital at af-fordable rates and using technology to help rural America. We have done a terrible job of that. I concede that point. But this is not the way to do that. b1430 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from California. Mr. KHANNA. This is going to hurt ordinary folks who can’t make pay-check to paycheck, and they are going to have to pay these exorbitant inter-est rates. Now, if the majority comes up with a bill that says we want to expand the SBA, we want to expand figuring out how to get venture capital into rural America, we want to expand the earned income tax credit so that people have more money in their pocket so that they can make a living and meet their daily expenses, I agree. If they say, look, all the capital, 85 percent of the capital is in my district in Massachusetts and New York, and we have got to get the capital into other States, I agree. But to say that just to use the word ‘‘fintech’’ and to say okay, because there is something that is going to allow the diffusion of capital, that that means that you should get rid of the State laws capping usury, that is really going back to the Victorian era. I mean, we had that debate. I was read-ing Shylock; that was what that was all about. They were charging four times as much, and I just don’t think that that is what people want. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say to the gentleman who says this is a ma-jority bill, I would also point out it is supported by Congressman MEEKS , Democrat from New York; Congress-man C
LAY, Democrat from Missouri; Congressman S
COTT, Democrat from Georgia; Congressman C
LEAVER , Demo-crat from Missouri; Congresswoman M
OORE , Democrat from Wisconsin; Con-gressman P
ERLMUTTER , Democrat from Colorado; Congresswoman S
INEMA , Democrat from Arizona, and the list goes on. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. R
OTHFUS ), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Financial Institu-tions and Consumer Credit. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, just lis-tening to some of this debate, it seems like some folks just want to find a way to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill when there are many reasons to vote ‘‘yes.’’ I am pleased to rise today in support of Vice Chairman M
CHENRY ’s bill, H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. I also want to commend him for his hard work on this very important issue. Under the valid-when-made doctrine, the interest rate on a loan that com-plies with Federal law when it is made will remain valid, regardless of wheth-er that loan is transferred to a third party. This is an important principle, and it is essential to maintaining a vi-brant secondary market and fostering continued growth in the online lending industry. The Second Circuit’s decision in Madden v. Midland, which challenged the valid-when-made doctrine, intro-duced significant uncertainty and risk, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.037 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1151 February 14, 2018 
threatening both the secondary market and fintech lending partnerships. This ultimately hurts consumers. At the Financial Services Com-mittee, we have extensively discussed the difficulty that many Americans face in getting credit. Madden v. Mid-land will only intensify that challenge for families and Main Street businesses as it jeopardizes the ability of banks to sell loans into the secondary market. If banks find it difficult to sell debt to nonbanks, a common and healthy practice, they will be forced to become more restrictive in offering credit, and they may do so at a higher cost. Be-cause of this, fewer consumers will be able to access the funds they need to build, invest, and innovate. Throughout the course of the slow and uneven postcrisis economic recov-ery, we settled into a two-speed econ-omy. The biggest and richest and best- connected firms have done just fine. They have a relatively easy time ac-cessing funds. Small businesses, how-ever, have been struggling to keep up. In fact, many haven’t even gotten off the ground. Researchers found that our economy is currently missing 650,000 small busi-nesses; that is 650,000 fewer businesses that can innovate, create jobs, and in-vest in our communities. And those 650,000 businesses would have rep-resented 6
1⁄2million jobs, 61⁄2million taxpayers, 6
1⁄2million people contrib-uting to help Social Security and Medi-care and helping to pay for our vet-erans’ care. Anyone who travels this country talking to small-business owners knows that access to credit is a major cause. By codifying valid when made, this bill will help to address one of the most pressing threats to our economic recovery and the resurgence of Amer-ican small business. As the OCC’s former Acting Comp-troller Keith Noreika noted, this ‘‘pro-posal supports economic opportunity.’’ H.R. 3299 will help to keep credit flowing through to those who need it, while ensuring that consumers are pro-tected. This is a commonsense fix that provides the market with the clarity needed to support continued economic growth. I urge my colleagues to sup-port the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Both of the gentlemen, Mr. M
CHENRY  and Mr. R
OTHFUS , who are advancing this legislation come from States that don’t support it. Mr. M
CHENRY , North Carolina has banned payday lending. Mr. R
OTHFUS , Pennsylvania has banned payday lend-ing. And here you have a bill that would allow payday lenders to buy up debt from national banks and, basi-cally, charge consumers whatever they would like to charge them. They would get around the ban of your own States. Do you really want to do this? Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to direct their re-marks to the Chair. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), the vice chairman of the Terrorism and Il-licit Finance Subcommittee. Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership, and I thank Congressman M
CHENRY , also. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to just, re-gretfully, say that this ruling, Madden v. Midland, is just another layer of Big Brother, a misguided ruling by some people of good intentions and goodwill, but the net effect is fewer choices for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I think we have seen what has happened as a result of Dodd- Frank. We saw what happened to the American economy. We saw what hap-pened to the American consumers. Mr. Speaker, regrettably, it is the low-income, minority people who have suffered the most in the last decade as a result of the misguided regulations that were put upon the American peo-ple. Big Brother really doesn’t have the answers. What we do have is the opportunity to provide choices for the American people, and that is what H.R. 3299 is all about. Mr. Speaker, in North Carolina, we have lost 50 percent of our banks be-cause of this misguided regulatory overmanagement by the Federal Gov-ernment. There is less access to capital and credit for small business. There is less access to capital for that indi-vidual who has a real need. Maybe they want to start something, or maybe they have an emergency in their fam-ily. This is what this bill is all about, and we need to be behind it. We need to support it. We need to understand that the American people know how to make good choices. We need to trust the American people and not trust Big Brother and the Big Government. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I would like to remind Mr. P
ITTENGER  that his State, North Carolina, again, along with Mr. M
CHENRY , attorneys general have opposed this bill. They do not like this bill, and I just want to re-mind them that they don’t have the support of their States in doing so. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY ), the ranking member of the Capital Markets, Secu-rities, and Investments Subcommittee on the Financial Services Committee. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the rank-ing member for yielding and for her ex-traordinary efforts to protect con-sumers by opposing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise in very strong op-position to H.R. 3299. I don’t think that we should be doing anything to take away States’ authority to enforce their own usury laws, which make it illegal for lenders to charge outrageously high interest rates on their residents. This is a core consumer protection issue, and if we allow lenders that aren’t subject to the strict Federal reg-ulations for banks to circumvent State regulations too, then we are just throwing consumers to the wolves, re-moving protections. I know that some people have claimed that this bill would promote innovation by allowing financial tech-nology companies to better serve lower income customers; but let’s be clear. The only loans that would be allowed by this bill that aren’t already allowed are loans that violate State usury laws that are put in place in States to pro-tect their consumers. Why in the world would we want to do that to people? I am sorry, but there is nothing inno-vative about usury, and there is noth-ing innovative about gouging low-in-come consumers with outrageous inter-est rates. This is a terrible, terrible bill. So this bill is not about innovation. It is about taking away protections for consumers from predatory loans. Why in the world would we want to do that to people? I urge my colleagues, I urge them to protect consumers and to oppose this bill. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON ), vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, it is inter-esting being able to listen to this de-bate. The common ground is we want to be able to have consumers have ac-cess to capital, and we also want re-sponsible lending. We now need to reset this debate to the reality that is being faced on the ground. In an already challenging loan envi-ronment for many banks nationwide, the Madden v. Midland decision has further limited the ability of national banks to be able to issue credit. Be-cause of the court’s decision not to apply the valid-when-made doctrine to its decision, which would have pre-served lawful interest rates originated by a bank for nonbanks and third par-ties, access to credit and risk mitiga-tion tools have been placed into jeop-ardy. The legal uncertainty resulting from the Madden decision has led to a reduc-tion in responsible and affordable lend-ing, and has limited consumers’ access to better and cheaper choices. Fortunately, the vice chairman’s leg-islation, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017, would re-assert the valid-when-made principle, to ensure that a loan that is valid at its inception cannot become invalid or unenforceable upon a subsequent trans-fer to another person or party. This legislation promotes healthy fi-nancial markets and would help im-prove the often-limiting loan environ-ment facing banks nationwide. This 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.038 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1152 February 14, 2018 
measure is important for our families and small businesses, for whom access to credit is critical to success. Further, this legislation ensures that innovative marketplace lending re-mains intact while simultaneously pro-viding safe consumer protections. I would like to thank Mr. M
CHENRY  for supporting and developing this bi-partisan legislation to be able to help preserve access to credit for those who need it most, and I encourage my col-leagues to support the measure here today. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, you have heard those of us who are opposed to this legislation repeat over and over again that this is all about predatory lending; that this bill would open the gates wide to the kind of abuses that we have been fight-ing so hard against. Mrs. MALONEY asked the questions: Why do you want to do this to your constituents? Why do you want to do this to the very consumers that we are supposed to be protecting? I have raised a question to those who come from States where the attorneys general oppose this legislation. The gentlemen from North Carolina and Pennsylvania, who are here in support of this bill, they are ignoring the fact that their State attorneys general are saying that this bill is a bad bill. Of course, if H.R. 3299 was really about expanding access to underserved populations, as the proponents claim, then they may be surprised to learn that the Nation’s leading civil and con-sumer groups are all opposed to this legislation because it will harm con-sumers, not help them. b1445 According to a news article from last November, there is a reason the NAACP, the Southern Poverty Law Center, the National Consumer Law Center, the Consumer Federation of America, and dozens of churches, wom-en’s groups, and antipoverty organiza-tions from around the country have de-nounced the bill. In September, those groups wrote a joint letter to Congress warning that H.R. 3299 ‘‘wipes away the strongest available tool against predatory lend-ing practices’’ and ‘‘will open the flood-gates to a wide range of predatory ac-tors to make loans at 300 percent an-nual interest or higher.’’ The article goes on to say: ‘‘But you don’t have to take the NAACP’s word for it, just take a look at the compa-nies who are lobbying in favor of H.R. 3299.’’ Well, they aren’t many, as it is a complicated and obscure issue. But one of them, according to a Federal lob-bying disclosure form, is a firm called CNU Online Holdings, LLC. Most cus-tomers of CNU Online Holdings don’t even realize they use it. They are more familiar with CNU’s parent company, payday lending giant Enova Financial; or its flagship brand, CashNetUSA. The bottom line is that this bill is not helping our consumers, but, rather, lining the pockets of predatory lenders who are looking for any way around State interest rate caps and consumer protections. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. E
MMER ), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support another bill which builds on the good work of the House Financial Services Committee. The Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act takes an important step to provide certainty through our financial system and to support consumers. A 2015 court decision that we have heard other speakers talk about today, Madden v. Midland, is making it dif-ficult for online lenders to offer busi-nesses the funds they need to grow and succeed. In Madden, the court held that, while the National Bank Act allows a feder-ally chartered bank to charge interest under the laws of its home State on loans it makes nationwide, nonbanks that acquire these loans may not be able to maintain the same rate of in-terest since nonbanks are subject to limits of the borrower’s State. At a time when lenders are eager to help consumers and businesses gain ac-cess to capital, Congress needs to step in to check this misguided ruling. When a federally chartered bank originates the interest on a loan, that interest rate should remain consistent. Representative M
CHENRY ’s legisla-tion provides that fix by codifying the legal doctrine of valid when made. Further, it helps community banks and credit unions access secondary markets they need to generate liquid-ity while also enabling new and emerg-ing financial technology innovators to find easier ways for consumers and businesses to access credit and capital. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the hard work of my colleague, our chief deputy whip, on this important legislation. I encourage all of the Members of this body to support the Protecting Con-sumers’ Access to Credit Act. We must fix the misguided Madden ruling and take another step forward in supporting consumers, financial inno-vation, and our lenders that serve as the backbone of Main Street America. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, this is odd. Here, we have another Member of Congress, whose State attorney general opposes the bill, and who has banned payday lending. So, here, Mr. E
MMER is joining with Mr. M
CHENRY and Mr. P ITTENGER , whose State opposes the bill, North Carolina. Again, the two of them are in opposition to their own State’s attor-ney general. And now we have Mr. R
OTHFUS from Pennsylvania and all of these speakers on the opposite side of the aisle who are coming here to sup-port a bill that will open up the oppor-tunity for payday lenders to basically rent a bank and put these payday loans out there at exorbitant amounts. Mr. Speaker, again, this is rather odd to see so many Members representing, supposedly, their constituents who come from States where payday lend-ing has been banned and their attor-neys general oppose this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, number one, just for the RECORD , it is Mr. R OTHFUS from Penn-sylvania and Mr. P
ITTENGER from North Carolina. Since we serve with these colleagues, it would be nice to learn their names. Mr. Speaker, what the ranking mem-ber is proposing is to take away credit opportunities for those who need it the most. The greatest credit program is a competitive marketplace. And, unfor-tunately, the policy that she is advo-cating, this Second Circuit court case, has cut credit opportunities in half. That means people are paying more. In many respects, this is a more usurious result than what the ranking member is otherwise claiming will happen with-out the Second Circuit decision. Again, I alluded to it in my opening statement, but we have the definitive academic study. We don’t have to guess at this, Mr. Speaker. They studied those with lower credit scores in the Second Circuit. And what did they find out? I will quote from the study. The re-sults presented in figure 3 indicate that the FICO increase was caused by a de-cline—a decline—in lending to lower quality borrowers. Thank you, Second Circuit. The pattern is most obvious for the lowest quality borrowers, those with FICO scores below 625. The growth rate for these borrowers in Connecticut and New York was a negative 52 percent. Mr. Speaker, that means they had their credit opportunities cut in half. So exactly what the ranking member says that she wants to do to help these people, she is hurting these people; taking away their opportunities to buy a home or taking away their opportu-nities to buy a car when they may be the sole breadwinner for their family; taking away opportunities, perhaps, to send somebody to college. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. And then this so-called radical bill of the gentleman from North Carolina, I would note it is a Democrat bill in the Senate. The exact companion bill is carried by a Democrat Senator, Sen-ator W
ARNER from Virginia. It is a Democrat bill. It is bipartisan. It is supported by at least nine Members of the ranking member’s party that sit 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.040 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1153 February 14, 2018 
with her in our hearings. Clearly, they heard something she didn’t hear. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is important to note that what the Second Circuit has done is change settled law that has been settled law for over 200 years; that will completely not only cut credit op-portunities in the Second Circuit, but cut credit opportunities all over Amer-ica. We cannot allow that to happen. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I think my friend on the opposite side of the aisle, the chair-man, is right. I must make sure that I am correct in the way that I identify my colleagues, who they are and what States they come from. So I would like to repeat: Mr. M
CHENRY is from North Carolina. Mr. P
ITTENGER is from North Carolina. The attorney general from that State op-poses this bill, and this State has banned payday lending. Also let me just mention that Mr. R
OTHFUS from Pennsylvania is another one who is opposed by his attorney general. His attorney general is op-posed to this bill, is opposed to his rep-resentation, and Pennsylvania has banned payday lending. Of course, we were joined by Mr. E
MMER , who is from Minnesota. Min-nesota is in the same position as North Carolina and Pennsylvania. The attor-ney general of Minnesota opposes this bill, and Minnesota bans payday lend-ing. So let’s be clear. We want to make sure that everybody understands who these Members are who are coming here in opposition to their attorneys general, in opposition to their State. These are Representatives from States that oppose this bill. These are Rep-resentatives from States who have banned payday lending. So I want to be sure that I agree with my chairman. We should let everyone know who they are. We should pro-nounce their names correctly. We should be sure that all of their con-stituents understand who their Rep-resentatives are and what they are doing here today on this bill that will help to explode predatory lending. This is the rent-a-bank bill that would allow payday lenders to buy up debt from national banks and be able to charge whatever they would like, 300 percent and more, to the unsuspecting consumers. So I thank the chairman for helping me to make that clear. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say: Ap-parently, Mr. M
EEKS is abusing these consumers, as is Mr. C
LAY, as is Mr. S
COTT, as is Mr. C LEAVER , as is Ms. M
OORE , as is Mr. P ERLMUTTER , as is Ms. S
INEMA , as is Mr. H ECK, and as is Mr. G
OTTHEIMER , all Democrats on the House Financial Services Committee that actually support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ), a member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. TROTT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act. I thank my good friend from North Carolina (Mr. M
CHENRY ) for his leader-ship on this bipartisan, commonsense bill. This is a commonsense piece of legis-lation that is sponsored by two Repub-licans, two Democrats. It passed out of our committee with a vote of 42–17. It is the kind of bipartisan solution that the American people expect from their elected officials. Yet, opponents of this bill want peo-ple to believe that it will hurt con-sumers. We heard similar rhetoric on the recent tax bill passed in Congress. In fact, we still hear it, even though millions of Americans are getting bo-nuses, taking new and better jobs, and seeing their savings account grow. Now, let’s be clear. This bill will allow banks and credit unions to sell certain loans to investors, thus diversi-fying their risk and freeing up capital that can be used to issue more loans in local communities. Imagine that. Why is this commonsense legislation necessary? A recent case out of the Second Cir-cuit ruled that certain loans would be valid when held on the books of a bank, but would be invalid the minute they are sold to investors. I fail to see how a loan becomes more dangerous, usurious, or otherwise prob-lematic because the owner of the loan has changed. This is like saying a house’s roof becomes leaky the minute you sell it to your neighbor. This is the sort of logic that can only thrive in Washington. What happens when banks and credit unions can no longer sell loans on the public market? They issue fewer loans. Fewer young parents can get a mortgage for their new home. Fewer single mothers can get a loan for a new car. Fewer stu-dents can get a critical loan to pay for their first year of college. Fewer busi-nesses can get loans to bring innova-tive ideas to the market to create jobs. This bill is not rent-a-bank. It will not result in usurious interest rates. I recently was at a restaurant and I struck up a conversation with the waitress. She can’t get a mortgage. She can’t buy a home, even though she and her husband have good credit. That is the kind of problem we are trying to address. Mr. Speaker, I would ask the oppo-nents of this bill to put aside politics and to join me in supporting legisla-tion that will help young families, new businesses, and students. This bill will make credit accessible, and I urge all Members to vote for it. b1500 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, Chairman HENSARLING  has named the Members on my side of the aisle, the Democrats who support this bill. None of them are on the floor at this time. None of them came here to defend the position that they took. Some of them are reconsidering the vote that they took, and so I don’t want him to try and wrap this bill around the fact that there were some Democrats who supported it. This is a Republican bill. This is a bill by the opposite side of the aisle that supports payday lending and the ability for payday lenders to continue to exploit their consumers in a new and different way. They simply allow them to buy up this debt from the national banks to be able to basically overcome usury laws. So while he would like everyone to believe there is all of this great Demo-cratic support and he keeps saying over and over again how bipartisan this bill is, none of them are on the floor at this time. None of them came here to de-fend their position. None of them have said, ‘‘I know that I am absolutely cor-rect.’’ As a matter of fact, some of them are raising questions about whether or not they should have voted for the bill, understanding it in one particular way, and some now under-standing what it really does. So I thank the gentleman for his po-sition, and I thank him for being a strong advocate for his position. I thank him for at least stepping up to the plate to say, in essence, he believes that he is doing the right thing, despite the fact that he has got Members on that side of the aisle who are going against their own States’ attorneys general. But let us not believe that this is some great Democratic bill. It is not. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 10 seconds just to say— with the exception of the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M
ALONEY )—I don’t see any of the com-mittee Democrats on the floor, even those who are supporting the ranking member’s position. I am now pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. B
UDD), a hardworking member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman and my friend and colleague from North Carolina, the deputy whip, for his leadership on this very impor-tant issue. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of this bipartisan legislation, the Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, we are on the verge of something special in the financial serv-ices space with financial technology 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.042 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1154 February 14, 2018 
opening the industry up to amazing in-novation. However, as many of us gath-ered here today know, the Second Cir-cuit’s decision in the Madden v. Mid-land Funding case has put this innova-tion and movement in jeopardy. It has done so by undermining a long-held principle which has left fintech lenders and the secondary credit market with issues that need to be addressed. Luckily, Mr. M
CHENRY ’s legislation provides a much-needed fix to the Sec-ond Circuit’s decision by codifying the valid-when-made legal doctrine. This common law principle has been around and accepted in the financial services space for some time now. This bill will ensure that innovative lending prac-tices remain intact, allowing creative and innovative sources of capital to reach the consumer and small busi-nesses. This is important because it will help to preserve the relationship between banks and fintech firms. I am thankful this legislation is com-ing up for a vote today because it is greatly needed and, if enacted, will help our economy continue to grow. This body must continue to serve as an advocate for innovation in the credit and financial technology space be-cause, ultimately, it will benefit com-munity development, job creation, and, most importantly, the consumer. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this bipartisan and commonsense piece of legislation. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. There was a reference to Senator W
ARNER , and he said that the Madden fix bill must address the payday lender loophole. I alluded to some of this kind of thinking about those who may have supported the bill without really giving a lot of thought to this loophole, but I just want you to know that even the author of the bill, Senator W
ARNER , is saying that the Madden fix bill must address payday lender loopholes. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3299 is ultimately a bill that would make it easier for bad actors to get around interest rate caps that States have put into place to pro-tect borrowers from predator payday pit traps. Let’s be clear: the avail-ability of affordable credit is very im-portant in every community, and we should work together in ways to make sure that underserved communities have fair access to credit and banking services. But measures like H.R. 3299 do not productively advance that goal. In fact, the bill would do the opposite. It would open the door for nonbanks to ignore States’ strong protections and make loans with high interest rates. The bill would usher in a wave of harmful, high- cost payday loans in States where such loans were previously disallowed. Let’s not forget that last month Mick Mulvaney, who President Trump illegally appointed to serve as Acting Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, directed the Con-sumer Bureau to reconsider its sensible and much-needed rule on payday vehi-cle title and certain high-cost install-ment loans. That rule, put in place under the leadership of Richard Cordray, would require payday lenders to ensure that consumers can actually afford to pay off their loans. Essentially, Donald Trump and Mick Mulvaney are helping out payday lend-ers by undermining the Consumer Bu-reau’s rule as well as rolling back and undermining many of the other critical protections put in place by Democrats in the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. On top of his pull to reconsider the payday rule, Mulvaney has also drawn a Consumer Bureau lawsuit against a group of payday lenders who allegedly failed to disclose the true cost of loans which had interest rates as high as 950 percent a year. Mr. Speaker, Congress should be standing up for and enhancing protec-tions for consumers, not legislating to make it easier for hardworking Ameri-cans to be drawn into payday debt traps. H.R. 3299 is widely opposed by over 200 consumer and civil rights groups, including the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, the NAACP, the National Consumer Law Center, the Southern Poverty Law Center, and many others. And so I think it is clear what we are advocating on this side of the aisle. We are simply saying that we should not create this loophole, that we should understand the struggle that many of us have been in to try and keep payday lenders from going into the most vul-nerable neighborhoods, targeting the most vulnerable people, taking advan-tage of folks who have no place to turn and who need a few dollars until pay-day, taking advantage of them and trapping them into these loans and cre-ating all of this debt for them. This would just go a long way to con-tinue that kind of madness, and so I would urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. H
OL-
LINGSWORTH ), another hardworking member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, there are many days when we stand in this Chamber and I specifically talk about the regulations, the regulations that are holding back our economy from growing, holding back consumers from getting the products that they want—we talked about them in very sweeping, hyperbolic terms—but this is not one of those days. This is a day where, in this bill, we are simply codi-fying what has been the law of the land for over five decades, what is currently the law of the land in 47 out of 50 States. So not only has this historically been the case, what we are arguing for here, but it is also the case in 47 out of 50 States. And I don’t think those three States, the consumers or the citizens of those States, should be disadvantaged by not being able to access affordable capital to be able to grow better fu-tures. That is what I hear back home is they want the opportunity to get loans, to get credit, to get more chances for them to build better financial futures. And, frankly, this bill does that. It solves the problem of uncertainty, and capital flees uncertainty. This makes clear what has been the law of the land. It doesn’t change State usury laws. It doesn’t impact payday. It merely restates that which we have op-erated under for decades before this Second Circuit decision and says the law in 47 States should be the law in 50 States. Valid when made is an important as-pect of our financial markets and en-suring that we can turn over capital more frequently, thus, get more capital out to more individuals. And, frankly, that is what we are here fighting for: making sure everybody gets the oppor-tunity to participate in a better econ-omy by building a financial future. H.R. 3299 goes a long way in solving that problem by a very simple, very narrow fix in ensuring those three States get to participate in the benefit of a vibrant secondary market just like the 47 other States outside of the Sec-ond Circuit. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation and encourage all Members here to support this legislation. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 11⁄2minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the ranking member has lamented that she has heard from few Democrats on this matter, so let me take the liberty of quoting from Congressman G
REGMEEKS , a Democrat from New York, the lead Democratic cosponsor of the bill, who said, during markup: 
This bill would facilitate such affordable lending to those who need it the most. 
He goes on to say: 
H.R. 3299 is a community bank bill. Fintech firms have partnered with small community banks and provided these insti-tutions with technological expertise needed to contend with larger competitors. In fact, I’m aware that there are fintech firms engag-ing with Black-owned banks who have bene-fited tremendously from new technologies. 
Congressman M EEKS goes on to say: 
H.R. 3299 is also a small-business bill. Ac-cording to the Urban Institute, 34 percent of my constituents in Jamaica, Queens, who have bank accounts rely on alternative fi-nancial service providers, including rent-to- own agreements and refund anticipation loans because they have unmet lending needs. Madden does little to help these underbanked individuals. Instead, it shuts the door to more affordable bank loans fa-cilitated through partnership models. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:37 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.043 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1155 February 14, 2018 
Madam Speaker, I could go on, but what we are trying to do here is assure that what just happened in the Second Circuit, where credit opportunities are cut in half, doesn’t happen nationwide. The hardworking men and women of America deserve better, and so we must support H.R. 3299. Madam Speaker, I yield back the bal-ance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. C
HE-
NEY). All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 736, the previous question is ordered on the bill. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 of rule XX, further pro-ceedings on this question will be post-poned. 
f 
b1515 TRID IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2017 Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 736, I call up the bill (H.R. 3978) to amend the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 736, an amend-ment in the nature of a substitute con-sisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–59, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of House Report 115–559 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3978 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Table of contents. TITLE I—TRID IMPROVEMENT Sec. 101. Amendments to mortgage disclosure re-quirements. TITLE II—PROTECTION OF SOURCE CODE Sec. 201. Procedure for obtaining certain intel-lectual property. TITLE III—FOSTERING INNOVATION Sec. 301. Temporary exemption for low-revenue issuers. TITLE IV—NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE REGULATORY PARITY Sec. 401. Nationally traded securities exemp-tion. TITLE V—ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS Sec. 501. Eliminating barriers to jobs for loan originators. Sec. 502. Amendment to civil liability of the Bu-reau and other officials. Sec. 503. Effective date. TITLE VI—FINANCIAL STABILITY OVERSIGHT COUNCIL IMPROVEMENT Sec. 601. SIFI designation process. Sec. 602. Rule of construction. SEC. 2. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION RESERVE FUND. 
Notwithstanding section 4(i)(2)(B)(i) of the Se-curities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78d(i)(2)(B)(i)), the amount deposited in the Se-curities and Exchange Commission Reserve Fund for fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $48,000,000. TITLE I—TRID IMPROVEMENT 
SEC. 101. AMENDMENTS TO MORTGAGE DISCLO-SURE REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 4(a) of the Real Estate Settlement Pro-cedures Act of 1974 (12 U.S.C. 2603(a)) is amend-ed— (1) by striking ‘‘itemize all charges’’ and in-serting ‘‘itemize all actual charges’’; (2) by striking ‘‘and all charges imposed upon the seller in connection with the settlement and’’ and inserting ‘‘and the seller in connec-tion with the settlement. Such forms’’; and (3) by inserting after ‘‘or both.’’ the following new sentence: ‘‘Charges for any title insurance premium disclosed on such forms shall be equal to the amount charged for each individual title insurance policy, subject to any discounts as re-quired by State regulation or the title company rate filings.’’. TITLE II—PROTECTION OF SOURCE CODE 
SEC. 201. PROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. 
(a) P ERSONS UNDER SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.— Section 8 of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77h) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(g) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intellec-tual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (b) P
ERSONS UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE  A
CT OF 1934.—Section 23 of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78w) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title a person to produce or furnish source code, including algo-rithmic trading source code or similar intellec-tual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’. (c) I
NVESTMENT COMPANIES .—Section 31 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a– 30) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an invest-ment company to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Com-mission unless the Commission first issues a sub-poena.’’. (d) I
NVESTMENT ADVISERS .—Section 204 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b– 4) is amended— (1) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) P
ROCEDURE FOR OBTAINING CERTAIN IN-
TELLECTUAL PROPERTY .—The Commission is not authorized to compel under this title an invest-ment adviser to produce or furnish source code, including algorithmic trading source code or similar intellectual property that forms the basis for design of the source code, to the Commission unless the Commission first issues a subpoena.’’; and (2) in the second subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘(e)’’. TITLE III—FOSTERING INNOVATION SEC. 301. TEMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-ENUE ISSUERS. 
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (15 U.S.C. 7262) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) T
EMPORARY EXEMPTION FOR LOW-REV-
ENUE ISSUERS .— ‘‘(1) L
OW-REVENUE EXEMPTION .—Subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to an audit re-port prepared for an issuer that— ‘‘(A) ceased to be an emerging growth com-pany on the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registra-tion statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) had average annual gross revenues of less than $50,000,000 as of its most recently com-pleted fiscal year; and ‘‘(C) is not a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(2) E
XPIRATION OF TEMPORARY EXEMPTION .— An issuer ceases to be eligible for the exemption described under paragraph (1) at the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer following the tenth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common equity securities of the issuer pursuant to an effective registra-tion statement under the Securities Act of 1933; ‘‘(B) the last day of the fiscal year of the issuer during which the average annual gross revenues of the issuer exceed $50,000,000; or ‘‘(C) the date on which the issuer becomes a large accelerated filer. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sub-section: ‘‘(A) A
VERAGE ANNUAL GROSS REVENUES .—The term ‘average annual gross revenues’ means the total gross revenues of an issuer over its most re-cently completed three fiscal years divided by three. ‘‘(B) E
MERGING GROWTH COMPANY .—The term ‘emerging growth company’ has the meaning given such term under section 3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78c). ‘‘(C) L
ARGE ACCELERATED FILER .—The term ‘large accelerated filer’ has the meaning given that term under section 240.12b–2 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor thereto.’’. TITLE IV—NATIONAL SECURITIES EXCHANGE REGULATORY PARITY 
SEC. 401. NATIONALLY TRADED SECURITIES EX-EMPTION. 
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act of 1933 (15 U.S.C. 77r(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A); (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘a security designated as qualified for trading in the national market sys-tem pursuant to section 11A(a)(2) of the Securi-ties Exchange Act of 1934 that is’’ before ‘‘list-ed’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that has listing standards that the Commission determines by rule (on its own initiative or on the basis of a petition) are substantially similar to the listing standards ap-plicable to securities described in subparagraph (A)’’; (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘or (B)’’; and (4) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively. TITLE V—ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS 
SEC. 501. ELIMINATING BARRIERS TO JOBS FOR LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The S.A.F.E. Mortgage Li-censing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5101 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1518. EMPLOYMENT TRANSITION OF LOAN ORIGINATORS. 
‘‘(a) T EMPORARY AUTHORITY TOORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR LOANORIGINATORS MOVING FROM A  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 6333 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.044 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1156 February 14, 2018 
DEPOSITORY INSTITUTION TO A NON-DEPOSITORY  I
NSTITUTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon employment by a State-licensed mortgage company, an individual who is a registered loan originator shall be deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the indi-vidual— ‘‘(A) has not had an application for a loan originator license denied, or had such a license revoked or suspended in any governmental ju-risdiction; ‘‘(B) has not been subject to or served with a cease and desist order in any governmental ju-risdiction or as described in section 1514(c); ‘‘(C) has not been convicted of a felony that would preclude licensure under the law of the application State; ‘‘(D) has submitted an application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; and ‘‘(E) was registered in the Nationwide Mort-gage Licensing System and Registry as a loan originator during the 12-month period preceding the date of submission of the information re-quired under section 1505(a). ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the indi-vidual submits the information required under section 1505(a) and shall end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the individual withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan origi-nator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State de-nies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the individual submits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as in-complete. ‘‘(b) T
EMPORARY AUTHORITY TOORIGINATE  L
OANS FOR STATE-LICENSED LOANORIGINATORS  M
OVING INTERSTATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—A State-licensed loan origi-nator shall be deemed to have temporary au-thority to act as a loan originator in an applica-tion State for the period described in paragraph (2) if the State-licensed loan originator— ‘‘(A) meets the requirements of subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D) of subsection (a)(1); ‘‘(B) is employed by a State-licensed mortgage company in the application State; and ‘‘(C) was licensed in a State that is not the application State during the 30-day period pre-ceding the date of submission of the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the applica-tion State. ‘‘(2) P
ERIOD .—The period described in para-graph (1) shall begin on the date that the State- licensed loan originator submits the information required under section 1505(a) in connection with the application submitted to the applica-tion State and end on the earliest of— ‘‘(A) the date that the State-licensed loan originator withdraws the application to be a State-licensed loan originator in the application State; ‘‘(B) the date that the application State de-nies, or issues a notice of intent to deny, the ap-plication; ‘‘(C) the date that the application State grants a State license; or ‘‘(D) the date that is 120 days after the date on which the State-licensed loan originator sub-mits the application, if the application is listed on the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry as incomplete. ‘‘(c) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) Any person employing an individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursu-ant to this section shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(2) Any individual who is deemed to have temporary authority to act as a loan originator in an application State pursuant to this section and who engages in residential mortgage loan origination activities shall be subject to the re-quirements of this title and to applicable State law to the same extent as if such individual was a State-licensed loan originator licensed by the application State. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the fol-lowing definitions shall apply: ‘‘(1) S
TATE-LICENSED MORTGAGE COMPANY .— The term ‘State-licensed mortgage company’ means an entity licensed or registered under the law of any State to engage in residential mort-gage loan origination and processing activities. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION STATE .—The term ‘applica-tion State’ means a State in which a registered loan originator or a State-licensed loan origi-nator seeks to be licensed.’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 4501 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1517 the following: ‘‘Sec. 1518. Employment transition of loan origi-nators.’’. 
SEC. 502. AMENDMENT TO CIVIL LIABILITY OF THE BUREAU AND OTHER OFFI-CIALS. 
Section 1513 of the S.A.F.E. Mortgage Licens-ing Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 5112) is amended by striking ‘‘are loan originators or are applying for licensing or registration as loan origina-tors.’’ and inserting ‘‘have applied, are apply-ing, or are currently licensed or registered through the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry. The previous sentence shall only apply to persons in an industry with respect to which persons were licensed or reg-istered through the Nationwide Mortgage Li-censing System and Registry on the date of the enactment of this sentence.’’. 
SEC. 503. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
This title and the amendments made by this title shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority mem-ber of the Committee on Financial Services. After 1 hour of debate on the bill, as amended, it shall be in order to con-sider the further amendment printed in part C of House Report 115–559, if of-fered by the Member designated in the report, which shall be considered read, shall be separately debatable for the time specified in the report equally di-vided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, and shall not be sub-ject to a demand for a division of the question. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. H
EN-
SARLING ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. M
AXINE WATERS ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Mem-bers may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their re-marks and submit extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may con-sume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3978, which is a package of five strongly bipartisan bills, yet again, from the Financial Services Committee of the House. As standalone bills, all were favorably re-ported, again, with strong bipartisan support of at least three-quarters of the committee. The title provision of this package is the TRID Improvement Act by Con-gressman FRENCH HILL. This bill amends CFPB’s complex TILA/RESPA integrated disclosure, known as the TRID rule, in order to simplify the closing documents consumers get when they close a mortgage. It does this by allowing for the cal-culation of the discounted rate that title insurance companies provide to consumers when they purchase a lend-er’s and owner’s title insurance policy simultaneously. This makes it more accurate, Madam Speaker. Title II is the Protection of Source Code Act introduced by Representa-tives S
EANDUFFY and D AVID SCOTT, a Republican and a Democrat. This pro-vision ensures that the Securities and Exchange Commission cannot require financial services firms to disclose al-gorithmic trading source code without first obtaining a subpoena. Source code is among a firm’s most sensitive infor-mation, and this bipartisan provision balances privacy and due process con-cerns while preserving the SEC’s abil-ity to obtain such information when necessary. The third title is the Fostering Inno-vation Act which was introduced by Representatives S
INEMA and H OLLINGS -
WORTH to provide relief to small and emerging businesses by extending the popular onramp exemption of the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies in a more tailored manner. In short, it provides emerging growth companies more time to reach a size when they reasonably can be expected to finan-cially sustain the legal, accounting, and compliance costs associated with the full Sarbanes-Oxley section 404(b) compliance. Fourth, Madam Speaker, is the Na-tional Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act which was introduced by Mr. R
OYCE and which will ensure fur-ther clarity and competition among national security exchanges by mod-ernizing the blue sky exemption in the Securities Act. Modernizing this provi-sion will ensure all national security exchanges operate on a level regu-latory playing field and help protect retail investors from arbitrary acts by State regulators that may bar inves-tors in one State from buying stock freely available to investors in every other State. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.011 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1157 February 14, 2018 
The final title of this bill is a provi-sion introduced by Congressman S
TIV-
ERSto allow mortgage loan originators who work as loan officers in banks and credit unions to transition to a new job at a nonmortgage company without losing the ability to originate loans. Without this bill, the transition proc-ess can take weeks or months depend-ing on the State. Each of these measures, Madam Speaker, will cut through layers of red tape and help level the playing field making regulations smarter, fairer, clearer, and more efficient, thus ensur-ing that there are more competitively priced credit opportunities, more cred-it opportunities for consumers, and that investors have greater investment opportunities in competitive markets. They will provide commonsense regu-latory relief. They are practical, they are bipartisan, and they are needed. Madam Speaker, I encourage all of my colleagues to support the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong op-position to H.R. 3978, the TRID Im-provement Act of 2017. H.R. 3978 has been dramatically ex-panded without input from Democrats to include several highly problematic and damaging bills. If enacted, this amended package of bills would ease the ability of high frequency traders to manipulate the stock markets unde-tected, encourage a regulatory race to the bottom in our Nation’s stock ex-changes, and harm investors and small businesses by weakening efforts to pre-vent accounting fraud at smaller public companies. Taken together, this deregulatory package could significantly undermine market stability and gut investor and consumer protections at a time when our financial markets are already rat-tled. Madam Speaker, from January 26 until last Thursday, the stock markets plunged just over 10 percent, becoming what the financial services industry calls ‘‘stock market correction,’’ and for the past two trading days, markets have rebounded the most since 2016. Although market corrections are not new, what distinguishes today’s vola-tility is that it is driven by complex computer strategies designed to buy and sell stocks and options millions of times a day. As many of us have wit-nessed, the Dow Jones Industrial Aver-age may be up 500 points and then down 600 in less than a few minutes. For the average American who was hoping to one day retire with dignity by invest-ing her hard-earned savings in the stock market, it can be distressing to see such wild swings always wondering whether the markets are truly fair or whether she is going to be fleeced. Un-fortunately, the passage of H.R. 3978 would likely make those swings more extreme and increase the likelihood of problems going forward. I am going to walk through each of the problematic provisions in this bill. Beginning with title IV, this provision is identical to H.R. 4546, the National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act, which would weaken the standards for listing public companies for trading at U.S. stock exchanges. Today, ex-changes listing standards set minimum requirements for a company’s shares to be sold to the public without having to comply with State law. Exchanges can only revise these standards if the Secu-rities and Exchange Commission first finds that new standards are substan-tially similar to the listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange. This bill would remove any separate analysis for changing the standards and, thus, automatically preempt State oversight. As a result, the bill would encourage a race to the bottom of listing standards as exchanges com-pete with each other to attract compa-nies with less restrictions, even if the standards are beneficial to the inves-tors. I believe that we should be strength-ening the current analysis to promote fair and rigorous listing standards and only preempt State law when compa-nies meet high standards. This is why I worked with the cosponsors last Con-gress to strike a bipartisan com-promise which passed the House unani-mously to require the SEC to develop a core qualitative listing standard. Un-fortunately, my Republican colleagues have reversed their position in favor of empowering the industry over the in-vesting public. Turning to title III which is identical to H.R. 1645, the so-called Fostering In-novation Act, this provision would eliminate the independent audit of a company’s financial reporting controls for up to 10 years for newly public com-panies provided that they have $50 mil-lion or less in gross revenues and less than $700 million in outstanding shares. Passed in the wake of the Enron and WorldCom accounting scan-dals, the requirement that public com-panies conduct an independent audit of financial controls is one of the many accounting provisions required by the bipartisan Sarbanes-Oxley Act that di-rectly benefits investors and public companies by improving the accuracy of their financial reporting. In fact, companies that are not sub-ject to such review by an independent auditor are more likely to issue correc-tions to their financial reports leading to investor losses and higher losses for the company. Investors like these audits because they improve the veracity of the re-ports they rely on to make investment decisions. Today, truly small public companies—those with less than $75 million worth of shares—are already exempt from the audit requirement. But this bill would extend the exemp-tion to large companies that are nearly ten times that size. The law already provides newly public companies with an exemption for 5 years. Extending it to a decade would harm investor con-fidence and all such companies, hurting the very companies the bill’s sup-porters purport to help. Title II of this bill is the same lan-guage as H.R. 3948, the Protection of Source Code Act. This bill bans the SEC from inspecting source code used by regulated entities to engage in algo-rithmic or computer-driven trading and other activities that impact the se-curities markets and investors without first obtaining a subpoena. This provi-sion would severely hamper the ability of the SEC to effectively examine per-sons like high-frequency traders and to investigate market disruptions. The recent stock market volatility, which has seen all of the major stock indices decline by more than 10 percent in less than 2 weeks, has been exacer-bated by high-frequency traders using complex computer algorithms to deter-mine when to buy and sell millions of trades per second by making it harder for the capital markets COP to detect and stop bad actors and rein in fraudu-lent trading schemes. This provision will inevitably harm everyday Ameri-cans and retirees who rely on fair cap-ital markets to invest their hard- earned savings. To make matters worse, Republicans added a provision to pay for the cost of the bill by taking $2 million from the Securities and Exchange Commission’s reserve fund. As a result, our financial watchdog will have less resources to support its capacity to oversee the markets through investments in IT and to respond to unforeseen market events like the flash crash. In short, this bill asks taxpayers to pay for the costs of diminished capital market oversight by taking away SEC’s funding to respond to emergency market situations that threaten mar-ket stability. This provision doubles down on the irresponsible policy-making we often see by the opposite side of the aisle. The bill before us today would also make two less significant changes which I believe the Republicans in-cluded to garner additional support for the legislation. Nevertheless, even with these provisions, the package should be soundly rejected. Title I, which includes the version of H.R. 3978, TRID Improvement Act of 2017, that the committee previously considered, would amend a mortgage disclosure known as TRID or the know- before-you-owe disclosure that informs home buyers of the terms and condi-tions of their mortgage. Responding to the concerns of some in the real estate industry, this provision would amend the disclosure to account for the dis-counts paid to borrowers in States where simultaneous lender and buyer title insurance is issued. However, the revised form does nothing for bars in States that do not provide such special rates to home buyers, and the provi-sion eliminates the Consumer Bureau’s ability to fix this aspect of the form even if a problem arises in the future. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.047 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1158 February 14, 2018 
The final provision, title V, is iden-tical to H.R. 2948, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act. This title would ease the ability of individuals employed as mortgage originators to change em-ployers by creating a temporary 120- day licensing regime so that they can continue to work at their new em-ployer. This bill would effectively treat mortgage originators who work for State registered firms the same as fed-erally registered firms and was unani-mously supported by committee Demo-crats. Unfortunately, because this leg-islation has been packaged with other deeply problematic and destructive bills, sensible relief to these individ-uals that has broad bipartisan support is being held hostage by Republicans’ efforts to roll back as many safeguards as they can this year. Madam Speaker, H.R. 3978, as amend-ed, threatens many of the important reforms Democrats made to restore in-vestor confidence to our capital mar-kets after the worst financial crisis in generations. As the stock markets con-tinue to wobble ominously in ways that threaten the savings of hard-working Americans, Congress should be strengthening oversight of the finan-cial system, not weakening it. Not surprisingly, H.R. 3978 is strong-ly opposed by the North American As-sociation of Securities Administrators who serve on the frontline combating securities fraud on the State level and by nonpartisan organization who speak on behalf of our Nation’s consumers, investors, and unions, including Con-sumer Federation of America, Center for American Progress, Americans for Financial Reform, AFL–CIO, and Pub-lic Citizen, and so do I. Madam Speaker, I urge everyone to reject this harmful package of bills and to vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3978. Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. b1530 Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), the majority whip of the committee and the sponsor of the legislation. Mr. HILL. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of my bill, H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act. I want to focus my comments on the actual improvements to the Truth in Lending and RESPA form, TILA- RESPA, which is now referred to as TRID. Back in 2010, when Dodd-Frank was being considered, one of the goals that then-White House staffer E
LIZABETH  W
ARREN , now Senator E LIZABETH WAR-
REN, had was: Well, we are going to make this a win for both banks and consumers. One of the things we are going to do is we are going to make forms simpler and consumer disclosure better. America’s exhibit A today is the TILA-RESPA form. TILA was about truth in lending, and let’s make sure the interest rate you are going to pay on your mortgage is calculated right, it is accurate. And RESPA, the Real Estate Settlement Act, said that whatever you were pay-ing in extras, such as title insurance, was disclosed accurately. Well, we now flash forward a number of years. Back in 2013, the CFPB finalized this new, combined rule, the TRID rule: know before you owe. It should have been called: know before you confuse. This rule, finalized in 2013, was still subject to delay due to errors that the CFPB made, and it finally got put in place back in 2015. There was $1.5 billion in software compliance costs for banks to try to merge this form that is supposed to be so simple and so easy for consumers. The CFPB offered no concrete guidance about it. So this House came together and over 300 Members of this House voted to direct the CFPB to improve this rule; that it was not a success story. So, in fact, in April 2016, the CFPB decided to open the rulemaking for TILA-RESPA and try to find some clarifying and amending procedures that would make it more clear. Well, as you can hear, it is a massive, complex rule that is expensive. The American Bankers Association said if there was one thing to fix in consumer compliance, it would be TILA-RESPA; the TRID. It wouldn’t be the qualified mortgage definition. It wouldn’t be all the capital rules embedded in Dodd- Frank. It would be this rule. When I have been at home in my dis-trict, I have heard about it countless times from mortgage bankers and com-munity bankers. So we are still not there, which is why we are here today, Madam Speak-er. And that is, this bill does one sim-ple thing, which says: if you buy a title insurance policy, in the majority of States, the CFPB rule is not accurate. You can see here that the rule for Ar-kansas on a $200,000 sales price house says that the consumer should pay $382.50 after this complex formula when, in reality, they are really paying either $525 or the actual charge of $35. So it is not an improvement. In these States, the CFPB is not al-lowing for the calculation of a dis-counted rate, known as a simultaneous issue, which is a rate title insurance companies provide to consumers when they purchase both the lender’s and owner’s title policy simultaneously. Madam Speaker, this bill offers clar-ity and actually takes a complex rule and makes this part of it simpler so our consumers actually will see on the closing statement what the cost of the title insurance is. It will be trans-parent. There are many other challenges with this rule, and we have talked about them in our committee. Today, we are only debating and discussing one small one. But I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle—when this bill came out of our committee—bipartisan—this is a bill that Members of Congress have heard from across this country and all 50 States from community bankers, mortgage bankers of all sizes who are trying to provide an accurate, fast closing for our most important thing we do as a family, and that is to decide to buy a home. I thank the chairman of the full com-mittee for yielding. I urge my col-leagues to support this full package of bipartisan bills through regular order, through our committee, and that are presented here to improve our econ-omy, improve the balance in our regu-latory system, and help make credit more accessible for consumers at bet-ter prices. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the chair-man of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance and the sponsor of title 2 of the Protection of Source Code in this bill. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for all of his work and support on this legislation, as well as the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), for which my provision is made part of a larger package. I also thank the gentlemen from Georgia and Illinois, my good friends across the aisle, D
AVID SCOTT and B ILL F
OSTER , both of whom are cosponsors of the Protection of Source Code Act. It is a bipartisan bill. The recent cyber incidents at Equifax, SEC, and even at the NSA, has shown that all organizations are vul-nerable to security risks. These inci-dents are a timely reminder of the risks that we face in this digital age. Given this reality, it is important for government agencies such as the SEC to rethink what they collect, how they collect it, how it is stored, and what they do with this information in the long run. The Protection of Source Code Act is a bipartisan bill intended to reduce some of the cybersecurity risks to our financial markets posed by the SEC when it gathers highly sensitive trad-ing or source code information as part of their oversight duties. The Protection of Source Code Act establishes a process for the SEC with respect to requesting source code and other intellectual property that forms the basis of source code. It does not preclude the SEC from re-questing data that it determines it needs for market oversight. It merely puts a process in place for how the SEC seeks access to certain intellectual property. Having a process in place for how the SEC requests source code and similar intellectual property will better pro-tect registrants and their clients and investors from inadvertent disclosure or cyber theft of their most valuable and important intellectual property. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.048 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1159 February 14, 2018 
Such disclosure or theft could de-stroy the American businesses that own the intellectual property. Worse, it could undermine investor confidence and create significant volatility in our financial markets. In general, the SEC should not be re-questing source code or intellectual property that forms the basis of source code. They shouldn’t be collecting that on a regular basis. Such information is generally unnecessary for the SEC to perform its market oversight function and, as we have learned from recent cyber hacks, could create a very invit-ing treasure trove of sensitive data for computer hackers. This bill ensures that the SEC will gather source code when it is truly needed, under a subpoena process that provides appropriate due process for the information. Under this bill, the SEC, in con-ducting an exam, may continue to ask a registrant for general information about a registrant’s trading system or trading strategies. So let’s break this down a little bit. We have source code that is highly sen-sitive. It is intellectual property. If you are the SEC, you can actually go onsite and look at the source code. I am fine with that. But if you are going to collect the source code and take it back to the SEC and store it and you have a whole bunch of intellectual property from American businesses stored at the SEC, this is one-stop shopping for hackers. You have just got to do it once. Get in the SEC and you get it all. My friend across the aisle, the rank-ing member, wants to talk about vola-tility. Wait and see if there is an SEC hack where they get all this informa-tion, all this source code. That is a risk we don’t want to have. We want due process. If you want to come in and take the source code, get a subpoena. Do we believe in due process in Amer-ica? For the most sensitive data, the most sensitive information, get a subpoena and you can take it. But those are basic measurers, basic protections that we offer in America that we should em-ploy at the SEC when they want this intellectual property that is of great value to these firms. My bill, contrary to the ranking member’s point, Madam Speaker, doesn’t offer exemptions to exams. Exams will still happen. Also, it is still illegal to manipulate markets. Those things haven’t changed. This is just about due process. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. DUFFY. It is important that we have truthful and honest information on the floor. This does not prohibit exams. This doesn’t make legal manip-ulation of the markets. It is still ille-gal. All we are saying is we have sen-sitive source code, and if you want to take it to the SEC, you get a subpoena. Frankly, we think there are problems with that. The SEC has been hacked. The NSA has been hacked. Everybody has been hacked. If you compile all this information, the risk that poses to our markets and volatility to our markets, I think, is unacceptable. That is why it is bipartisan. I would encourage all Members of this House to take a step forward for due process. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, given the extreme volatility in the stock markets over the past few weeks, I am particularly troubled by title II of this bill, which would make it easier for high-fre-quency traders to evade regulatory oversight of their potentially disrup-tive automated trading algorithms. This provision is widely opposed by nonpartisan consumer and investor ad-vocacy groups who recognize the im-pact automated trading has on our markets. Let me read for you excerpts from a few letters from these groups that highlight the dangers of title 2. Americans for Financial Reform—a coalition of more than 200 consumer, civil rights, investor, retiree commu-nity, labor, faith-based, and business groups—wrote: ‘‘Title II would prevent regulators from inspecting not only their raw source code used in auto-mated trading, but also any related in-tellectual property that ‘forms the basis for the design of’ source code. Ex-amination of such intellectual property would only be possible in an enforce-ment context pursuant to a subpoena. This implies that the SEC would have to wait until the damage was done through a ‘flash crash’ or similar mar-ket disruption before taking any ac-tion, which would have to be retrospec-tive. ‘‘In light of the significance of auto-mated trading to modern markets, and the potential risk of high-frequency trading, it makes no sense to tie the hands of regulators in examining de-tailed trading strategies and methods of high frequency traders.’’ The Center for American Progress cautioned that: ‘‘But in an era of fast- moving, ‘flash-crash’-prone markets, the SEC may have a wide range of reg-ulatory reasons for why it may need to examine source codes, including ap-provals of new trading products or the supervision of trading venues. The SEC should only exercise that authority carefully and under the strictest pro-tections for confidential information, but blocking it by law dangerously lim-its the SEC’s ability to address the sig-nificant technology-based challenges to financial markets.’’ The Consumer Federation of Amer-ica, an association of nearly 300 con-sumer advocacy groups, similarly op-posed title 2 because it ‘‘would weaken SEC oversight of algorithmic trading and hamstring the agency from re-sponding quickly to flash crashes or other market breakdowns.’’ Further, the CFA wrote that: ‘‘At a time when algorithmic trading is tak-ing on increased importance in our cap-ital markets, this bill would make it more difficult for the SEC to properly oversee such trading. b1545 ‘‘The bill would require the SEC to first issue a subpoena before it could compel a person to produce or furnish to the SEC algorithmic trading source code or ‘similar intellectual property.’ This would undermine the SEC’s exam-ination authority by creating a gaping hole in its ability to gain access to firm records relevant to the examina-tion. It would also have a devastating effect on the agency’s ability to re-spond quickly in the event of another ‘flash crash’ or such events in the fu-ture. In order to oversee the markets effectively, the SEC needs to be able to accurately and efficiently reconstruct order entry and trading activity, in-cluding for algorithmic traders.’’ Public Citizen, a consumer rights ad-vocacy group with over 400,000 mem-bers and supporters, wrote: ‘‘Market volatility caused not by real events such as outbreak of a war, but by com-puters, including computer glitches, threatens to erase savings to some in-nocent investors and erodes general in-vestor confidence. The recent swings in the markets attest to the need for ro-bust and urgent supervisory inspection. The May 6, 2010 ‘Flash Crash,’ where markets collapsed by more than $1 tril-lion in less than an hour, revealed that such a robust and urgent supervision has been lacking. The SEC required nearly a half year to investigate this incident before identifying a flawed al-gorithmic at one major trader. SEC oversight should be streamlined, not hampered. Trading instructions and records of human traders are already subject to inspection, so it should be no different for those instructions and records generated by a machine. Hiding source code from regulatory scrutiny will leave those responsible for mis-takes as well as those attempting to manipulate markets unaccountable.’’ These letters demonstrate the wide opposition to title II by groups that truly understand that robust oversight of algorithmic trading is necessary for the help of our makers. Madam Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD letters from these groups. 
FEBRUARY 13, 2018. Please vote NO on H.R. 3299 and H.R. 3978. Hon. M
EMBER , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR HON. M EMBER : On behalf of more than 400,000 members and supporters of Pub-lic Citizen, we ask you to vote NO on H.R. 3299 and H.R. 3978, which are expected to be considered by the full House on Wednesday, February 14, 2018. Provisions in these bills would expose borrowers to abusive loans, in-vestors to dubious securities, and Americans generally to a riskier financial system. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.051 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1160 February 14, 2018 
H.R. 3299, the Protecting Consumers’ Ac-cess to Credit Act of 2017, would allow preda-tory lenders to escape state limits on high interest rates. The bill would nullify the Sec-ond Circuit Court ruling in Madden v. Mid-land Funding. That decision provided that a financial institution that buys loans origi-nated by a national bank could not benefit from the National Bank Act’s preemption of state interest rate caps. While the Madden decision did not limit interest rates that banks charge on credit, it does limit nonbanks from evading state interest rate caps. This bill would pave the way for pay-day lenders, financial technology (fintech) companies and others to exploit that loop-hole and use a ‘‘rent-a-bank’’ arrangement in order to charge high interest rates. Twenty state Attorneys General have written to op-pose this measure, noting that it undermines their efforts to protect borrowers from abu-sive loan rates. We urge you to oppose this bill. H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act of 2017, is actually a package of bills that were considered separately in the House Financial Services Committee. One of these is the Fi-nancial Stability Oversight Council Improve-ment Act (formerly H.R. 4061). This measure would add numerous procedural require-ments for the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) when it considers the des-ignation or continued designation of a nonbank firm as a systemically important fi-nancial institution (SIFI). Current rules al-ready make SIFI designation a high hurdle. The case of MetLife, for example, shows that firms enjoy more than ample methods to contest designation. After FSOC designated MetLife as systemically important, it con-tested it in court and the case is pending. In-creasing the government’s burden for des-ignation would restrict its ability to apply enhanced supervision to major institutions. However, the largest bailout of the 2008 fi-nancial crash went to AIG, a nonbank en-gaged in reckless derivatives activity beyond the purview of banking supervisors. We op-pose this measure. Another bill contained in H.R. 3978 is the Fostering Innovation Act (previously H.R. 1645). This bill amends Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) law by increasing from five to 10 years the time that CEOs of firms with less than $50 million in revenue must attest to the accuracy of their finan-cial reporting. Congress approved SOX in re-sponse to the accounting scandals at the turn of the millennium. The rules are de-signed to promote accounting accuracy to the shareholders who have entrusted their savings to these firms. A Government Ac-countability Office (GAO) report found that companies with inferior financial reporting controls have a significantly higher likeli-hood of issuing a restatement of their finan-cial accounts. Firms that are unwilling to oblige SOX should not be trusted with the capital of savers. Extending the CEO attesta-tion requirement from five to 10 years exac-erbates the problem. From an investor per-spective, accounting safeguards are more im-portant for smaller companies, since larger companies generally attract a larger and more sophisticated base of stock and bond holders who can perform effective oversight. We oppose this measure. A third bill that is part of the H.R. 3978 package is the National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act (formerly H.R. 4546). This bill would eliminate state supervision of securities if they are listed on an ex-change, even if the exchange has reduced standards compared with those of major ex-changes such as the New York Stock Ex-change. Under current law, state supervision is pre-empted only if the security is listed on exchanges with rules overseen by the Securi-ties and Exchange Commission (SEC). Rules may differ between exchanges, but they must be approved by the SEC to ensure that they prevent fraud, serve the public interest and protect investors. Moreover, exchanges must adopt and enforce rules that are ‘‘substan-tially similar’’ to the major exchanges, known formally as ‘‘Named Markets,’’ under current law. The existing system deters a race to the bottom, where an exchange may attempt to attract companies with weaker rules. Conversely, this bill would actually promote that race to the bottom by remov-ing the requirement that the exchange adopt rules that are substantially similar to those of the Named Markets. We oppose this meas-ure. A fourth measure in H.R. 3978 is the Pro-tection of Source Code Act, (formerly H.R. 3948). This measure would impede the ability of the SEC to conduct effective compliance examinations of market volatility involving computer-driven algorithms. The bill im-poses a strict subpoena requirement before staff could inspect otherwise routine busi-ness records that involve source code. Mar-ket volatility caused not by real events such as the outbreak of a war, but by computers, including computer glitches, threatens to erase savings to some innocent investors and erodes general investor confidence. The re-cent swings in the markets attest to the need for robust and urgent supervisory in-spection. The May 6, 2010 ‘‘Flash Crash,’’ where markets collapsed by more than $1 trillion in less than an hour, revealed that such robust and urgent supervision has been lacking. The SEC required nearly a half year to investigate this incident before identi-fying a flawed algorithm at one major trad-er. SEC oversight should be streamlined, not hampered. Trading instructions and records of human traders are already subject to in-spection, so it should be no different for those instructions and records generated by a machine. Hiding source code from regu-latory scrutiny will leave those responsible for mistakes as well as those attempting to manipulate markets unaccountable. We op-pose this measure. Because of our opposition to these ele-ments in H.R. 3978 and to H.R. 3299 we urge you to vote NO on these bills. As we are marking the 10th anniversary of the Wall Street Crash, it’s clear that American con-sumers and investors deserve stronger finan-cial reforms, not weakened protections that will make our economy more susceptible to another collapse. Thank you for your consideration. For questions, please contact Bartlett Naylor. Sincerely, P
UBLIC CITIZEN . 
AMERICANS FOR  F
INANCIAL REFORM , Washington, DC, February 13, 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Ameri-cans for Financial Reform, we are writing to urge you to vote in opposition to H.R. 3978, which is being considered on the House floor today. This legislation is a grab bag of bad legislative ideas that should never have ad-vanced through the House Financial Services Committee. Especially notable given the re-cent wild swings in stock prices, Title II of this bill would sharply limit the ability of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to investigate high-frequency auto-mated trading strategies that can disrupt markets. But that is hardly the only harmful bill in this package. There are several other provisions that would weaken consumer and investor protections. Title I, ‘‘TRID Improvement,’’ would amend the TILA/RESPA Integrated Disclo-sure Rule (also known as TRID) to change how title insurance fees are disclosed, in a manner that would increase confusion and potentially misinform consumers as to the final cost of these important fees. The title insurance market already lacks trans-parency and fairness; fees are grossly in-flated in relation to the value of the insur-ance. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) carefully studied this issue in its rulemaking to determine the clearest and most accurate way to disclose fees in light of varying state laws on title insurance and dif-ferences in practices by different companies. The changes in the statutory language here would limit the CFPB’s authority to create a consistent method of disclosure across dif-ferent companies and different states, and to reflect ways in which title insurance costs can change at closing. Further refinement in title insurance disclosures can be addressed through rulemaking by the CFPB itself in consultation with stakeholders. Title II, ‘‘Protection of Source Code,’’ would severely restrict the ability of the SEC to examine the detailed trading strate-gies of high-frequency traders or automated traders, even in cases where such traders posed a risk to markets or the financial sys-tem. Title II would prevent regulators from inspecting not only the raw source code used in automated trading, but also any related intellectual property that ‘‘forms the basis for the design of’’ source code. Examination of such intellectual property would only be possible in an enforcement context pursuant to a subpoena. This implies that the SEC would have to wait until the damage was done through a ‘‘flash crash’’ or similar mar-ket disruption before taking any action, which would have to be retrospective. In light of the significance of automated trading to modern markets, and the poten-tial risks of high frequency trading, it makes no sense to tie the hands of regulators in ex-amining detailed trading strategies and methods of high frequency traders. At any brokerage, trading instructions to a human trader, including the conditions under which such a trade would be carried out (e.g., a limit order) are part of the books and records routinely open to inspection by FINRA or the SEC. Trading instructions must not be exempt from inspection simply because they are automated. They should be part of the books and records of the organization, just as other order-related documents are. Intel-lectual property related to source code clear-ly involves trading strategies, which have al-ways been a subject for regulatory inspec-tion and oversight. The continued high volatility on Wall Street is giving evidence of the potential systemic dangers of high-frequency auto-mated trading. Now is not the time to tie the SEC’s hands in doing oversight of such trad-ing. Title III, ‘‘Fostering Innovation,’’ would double the time for which certain new public companies are exempt from key financial re-porting controls, most notably attestation by an auditor that their earnings and ac-counting are accurate. It grants this exemp-tion to a class of companies, newly public companies with low revenue growth, which have a particular strong incentive to manip-ulate their financial statements and deceive investors. This piece of the legislation would both harm investors and undermine the in-tegrity of our capital markets. Title IV, ‘‘National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity,’’ would dangerously ex-pand Federal pre-emption from state securi-ties laws designed to protect investors from securities fraud. Under current law, a na-tional securities exchange needs to meet listing standards similar to those of a major national exchange—e.g., the New York Stock Exchange, NASDAQ—for its securities to be deemed ‘‘covered securities.’’ Under this 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:28 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.018 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1161 February 14, 2018 
classification, securities enjoy the advan-tages of exemptions from state-level regula-tions. Title IV in H.R. 3978 would amend the Se-curities Act of 1933 to remove the require-ment that companies meet listing standards rigorous enough to be considered similar to those of major exchanges, effectively allow-ing riskier, less liquid securities to qualify as ‘‘covered securities’’ and avoid state secu-rities laws designed to protect investors and financial markets. Under this section of H.R. 3978, a security would be exempt from state- level fraud protections as long as it is traded on a national exchange that is a member of the National Market System. This would mean that securities could be pre-empted from the oversight of state securities regu-lators without meeting the strong standards that the SEC has laid out for individual se-curities to qualify for preemption under Sec-tion 18 of the Securities Act. Both the North American Securities Ad-ministrators Association (NASAA), the main body of state securities regulators, and the chief securities regulator for the Common-wealth of Massachusetts have made the dan-gers of this legislation clear in strongly worded opposition letters. In these letters, they advocated for fair and rigorous listing standards as essential to protect retail inves-tors and savers, to maintain high standards for corporate governance, and to avoid con-flicts of interests that harm investors. Title IV of H.R. 3978 unacceptably weakens these listing standards. The sections of H.R. 3978 discussed above are, individually, bad bills for consumers and investors rights and protections. Packaging them together only worsens the harm. We urge you to reject H.R. 3978. Thank you for your attention to this mat-ter. For more information please contact AFR’s Policy Director, Marcus Stanley. Sincerely, A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL REFORM . 
MORTGAGE BANKERS ASSOCIATION , Washington, DC, February 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE , House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. J
EBHENSARLING , Chairman, House Financial Services Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. M
AXINE WATERS , Ranking Member, House Financial Services Committee, House of Representatives, Wash-ington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN, L EADER PELOSI , C
HAIRMAN HENSARLING AND RANKING MEMBER  W
ATERS : On behalf of the Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA), I am writing to express our support for H.R. 3978, the TRID Improve-ment Act, which the House of Representa-tives will vote on this week. I would high-light MBA’s strong support for the inclusion of two individual bills—H R. 2948 and the pre-viously free-standing H.R. 3978—within this updated vehicle. MBA enthusiastically supports the inclu-sion of Title V, Section 501, entitled ‘‘Elimi-nating barriers to jobs for loan originators,’’ within the newly re-packaged bill. The Se-cure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Li-censing (SAFE) Act of 2008 created two par-allel but asymmetrical regimes for mortgage loan originators (MLOs) that have resulted in uneven consumer protections and an un- level playing field for mortgage originators. The SAFE Act requires MLOs employed by non-bank lenders to be licensed, which in-cludes pre-licensing and annual continuing education requirements, passage of a com-prehensive test, and criminal and financial background reviews conducted by state regu-lators. These MLOs are also registered in the Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System and Registry (NMLS). By contrast, MLOs em-ployed by federally-insured depositories or their affiliates must only be registered in the NMLS, and do not have to pass a test or meet specific education requirements. The result is a two-tiered system that in-hibits job mobility for loan officers and makes it difficult for non-bank lenders to compete for talented employees. Rather than leaving a job on a Friday and starting a new job on a Monday, an MLO who moves from a bank to a non-bank lender must sit idle for weeks, and sometimes months, unable to en-gage in loan origination activities while they complete the SAFE Act’s licensing and testing requirements — despite the fact they have already been registered in the NMLS and originating loans. This bill promotes a fair and competitive labor market by elimi-nating barriers to the ability of non-bank lenders (especially small lenders) to compete for talented staff, and allowing MLOs to more easily move to the employer that offers them the best chance to succeed. Section 501 of the bill is a bipartisan, nar-row solution that would provide ‘‘transi-tional authority’’ to originate mortgages for individuals who change corporate affiliation from a federally-insured institution to a non- bank lender, or move across state lines, while they work to meet the SAFE Act’s li-censing and testing requirements. Transi-tional authority would be available only to MLOs that have a clean history as an origi-nator (e.g., no license denials, revocations or suspensions, cease and desist orders, or felo-nies that preclude licensing). MBA is especially grateful for the leader-ship of the bill’s author, Representative Steve Stivers (R–OH), as well as its bipar-tisan original cosponsors: Representatives Joyce Beatty (D–OH), Bruce Poliquin (R– ME), and Kyrsten Sinema (D–AZ). Last Con-gress, the bill was unanimously reported from the House Financial Services Com-mittee, and shortly thereafter passed the full House of Representatives under suspension of the rules. Again, late last year, the bill was reported from committee by a unani-mous vote of 60–0. MBA also supports Title I, Section 101, en-titled ‘‘TRID Improvement’’, of the newly re- packaged bill, as originally introduced as a free-standing vehicle by Representatives French Hill (R–AR) and Ruben Kihuen (D– NV). This section would amend the Real Es-tate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA) to require the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to allow the accurate disclo-sure of title insurance premiums and any po-tential available discounts to homebuyers. Under current regulations, the CFPB does not permit title insurance companies to dis-close available discounts for lender’s title in-surance on the government-mandated disclo-sure forms. This creates inconsistencies in mortgage documents and causes confusion for consumers. This section would minimize that confusion by allowing title insurance companies to disclose available discounts and accurate title insurance premiums to consumers across the country. MBA urges all members of the House to support the newly reframed H.R. 3978. Thank you for your consideration of our views on this bill, which will help promote a more competitive real estate finance market and thereby enhance overall economic develop-ment and growth. Sincerely, B
ILLKILLMER , Senior Vice President, Legislative and Political Affairs. 
Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds to say the widespread opposition to the bill al-luded to by the ranking member doesn’t include roughly half the Demo-crats on the committee, including the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ), who was quoted in our markup as say-ing: ‘‘As someone who can code in at least seven languages, I understand that source code is qualitatively dif-ferent from other documents that a firm might have and that our regu-lators should have legitimate access to. They are truly the crown jewels of an electronic trading firm, and there are obvious dangers that have been exposed in transferring things really not just to the government, to any entity. The first line of defense in cybersecurity is to keep the data as closely held as rea-sonable and still be able to do your job.’’ Madam Speaker, I reserve the bal-ance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. H
ULTGREN ), the vice chairman on the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestment. Mr. HULTGREN. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING , and I am so grateful for his work on this pack-age of bills that are so important. I rise today to speak in support of H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act, and all the additional measures that have been included in the Rules Com-mittee print. I am a cosponsor of four of the five bills. The TRID Improve-ment Act sponsored by Representatives H
ILLand K IHUEN make important im-provements to the TILA-RESPA inte-grated disclosure forms so home pur-chasers have the accurate representa-tion of title insurance costs. I am also a strong supporter of the National Securities Exchange Regu-latory Parity Act, which I cosponsored with Chairman R
OYCE . This is a com-monsense technical fix to a 20-year-old statute that didn’t foresee an increase in the number of exchanges in today’s competitive market structure. Currently, exchanges not named in the law must have substantially simi-lar listing standards as those that are specifically named. This means the Chicago Stock Exchange, the CBOE, and others that have registered with the SEC since 1996 cannot be first mov-ers in adopting innovative listing standards. The Chicago Stock Exchange has told me: ‘‘This change would remove this current impediment to companies list-ing their securities on CHX and would help in the exchange’s efforts to de-velop a robust primary listing market here in Illinois.’’ I am also very supportive of Chair-man D
UFFY ’s legislation, the Protec-tion of Source Code Act, and I am an original cosponsor of that, because I 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.021 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1162 February 14, 2018 
recognize that the entire value of some companies are embodied in their source code. We need to have strong checks in place before our government can de-mand such information. Chris Giancarlo, now chairman of the CFTC, described the value of a sub-poena when criticizing the idea of a source code repository at the agency he serves. I quote him when he said: ‘‘The subpoena process provides property owners with due process of law before the government can seize their prop-erty. It protects owners of property, not the government that already has abundant power.’’ Finally, I want to mention my sup-port for the Fostering Innovation Act, sponsored by K
YRSTEN SINEMA and T
REY HOLLINGSWORTH ; and the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act, sponsored by S
TEVE STIVERS and J OYCE BEATTY . I am a cosponsor of those measures as well. I urge all of my colleagues to vote in support of this very bipartisan package of bills. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. W
ILLIAMS ), the vice chairman of our Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. WILLIAMS. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act introduced by my colleague from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) and my colleague from Nevada (Mr. K
IHUEN ). This important and overwhelmingly bipartisan legislation, which passed out of the House Financial Services Committee by a vote of 53–5, is a straightforward, commonsense solution that will help hardworking Americans buy a new home or refinance their ex-isting home. Under the CFPB’s misnamed ‘‘Know before you owe’’ TRID rule, those in the home buying or refinancing process may not actually know everything about the price they are going to pay before closing. Because of the TRID rule and the re-strictions placed on the listing of dis-counted title loan insurance rates on loan estimates, consumers may see one title loan insurance price on their loan estimate and another on their closing form. The TRID rule creates unnecessary confusion, and this bill is a step in the right direction to reducing the burden-some and overreaching authority of the CFPB. I am proud to join this bipartisan ef-fort, but I do wish that the CFPB had been more willing to work with the chorus of voices from both sides of the aisle calling for this change. The home buying experience is com-plicated enough as it is, and the ration-ale displayed by the CFPB discourages homeownership and levies unjust pen-alties for those Americans striving for the dream of homeownership. I am proud to join my colleagues in support of this measure, the TRID Im-provement Act. In God we trust. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ), a hard-working member of the Financial Serv-ices Committee. Mr. POLIQUIN. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for moving this very important package of bills through the Financial Services Com-mittee and now to the floor. Madam Speaker, I want to congratu-late a terrific Congressman from the State of Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL) for the great work he has done in reconsti-tuting the TRID Improvement Act. This bill, Madam Speaker, is designed to help our homeowners or would-be homeowners go through the process comfortably and efficiently, and also help our financial professionals who help them, in turn, to secure residen-tial mortgages. This bill, as has been noted earlier, Madam Speaker, passed with very strong bipartisan support, and I en-courage everybody on the floor, Repub-licans and Democrats, to weigh in with a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 3978. Now, Madam Speaker, Mr. H
ILL’s bill has two very important pieces that help our families and also help our economy grow. First, in title I, section 101, this bill allows title insurance companies to ac-curately disclose the premiums they charge for their service and also the discounts that are available to our home buyers across the country. Right now, the CFPB does not allow such dis-closures, which is unfair and confusing for our home buyers. Madam Speaker, secondly, in title V, section 501, this bill includes the Elimi-nating Barriers to Jobs for Loan Origi-nators Act, of which I am proudly a co-sponsor. This bill, Madam Speaker, al-lows mortgage loan officers at a bank to move to do the same work at a nonbank financial institution without sometimes waiting weeks or months for redundant and unnecessary reli-censing. Now, that is just not fair, Madam Speaker, to the folks who are trying to help our families secure mortgages so they can move into a new place to work. I encourage everybody on both sides of the aisle to support this excellent bill. It is bipartisan. Again, I congratu-late the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. H
ILL), and I salute our chairman for moving this so quickly through the process. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. Z
ELDIN ), another member of the Financial Services Com-mittee. Mr. ZELDIN. Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of the TRID Improve-ment Act, bipartisan legislation intro-duced by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL). I am a proud cosponsor of this legis-lation, which combines three bipar-tisan proposals that will improve the home buying process, protect intellec-tual property, and help emerging busi-nesses thrive and create jobs. By re-forming confusing regulations that make it difficult for prospective buyers or businesses to get title insurance, this legislation will help get more fam-ilies into homes and help local busi-nesses grow. By protecting the intellectual prop-erty of investors, we are improving the access to capital that is essential for growth and job creation in commu-nities on Long Island, where my dis-trict is located, and all across our country. And last but not least, by reforming the outdated definition of what con-stitutes an emerging growth company, this legislation takes important steps towards fostering innovation and en-suring that new businesses are not dis-couraged from expansion and job cre-ation. The sum of these important bipar-tisan solutions are more innovation, more hiring, and a more vibrant econ-omy. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this important piece of legisla-tion. I thank my colleague, Congress-man H
ILL, for his leadership with it, and Chairman H
ENSARLING and his great staff for all their efforts to get this bill to the floor. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L
OUDERMILK ), an-other proud member of the Financial Services Committee. Mr. LOUDERMILK. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman H
ENSARLING for his leadership and for allowing me to come here and speak in support of the TRID Improvement Act and the other bills that are in this package. Madam Speaker, we have seen count-less examples of overregulation and regulatory mission creep by many agencies, and especially of the CFPB. But one of the things the CFPB should be doing is making sure that con-sumers have the right information when closing on a home. Unfortunately, the CFPB’s 2015 mort-gage disclosure caused many home buyers to not have an accurate disclo-sure of their title insurance premiums. The commonsense bill proposed by my colleague, Mr. H
ILL, will make sure that home buyers know exactly the cost of their title insurance, not two different prices from a loan estimate and a closing document. I also strongly support several other pieces of legislation that have been in-cluded in this package. Mr. R
OSS’ bill, the FSOC Improvement Act, will make regulation of large financial institu-tions much smarter and more effective. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.053 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1163 February 14, 2018 
Instead of only focusing on punishing companies for violations of rules, regu-lators should also focus on what should be the real purpose of financial regula-tions, which is reducing risk. Mr. R
OSS’ bill will also allow nonbank financial companies the op-portunity to reduce any risky activi-ties before they are designated as sys-temically important. This will help fi-nancial regulators to achieve their in-tended purpose rather than simply being a gotcha game on regulated com-panies. All of these bills we are considering today received overwhelming bipar-tisan support in the Financial Services Committee, and I urge all of my col-leagues to support this legislative package. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, may I inquire as to whether or not the chairman has more speakers? Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, I would tell the ranking member that I have potentially two speakers, if they make it. They are on their way from a hearing, but they are not here now. b1600 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the bal-ance of my time. Madam Speaker, it has become par for the course for the majority to reck-lessly advance harmful deregulatory packages like H.R. 3978. My friends on the other side of the aisle are moving forward with regulatory roadblocks at a furious pace, pushing dangerous bills through the House nearly every week. It appears that they may have al-ready completely forgotten a way that lacks financial regulation and allowed the crisis in 2008 to occur. That crisis badly damaged the whole economy and harmed all of our constituents. The im-pact was enormous: $13 trillion in household wealth was lost; 11 million people lost their homes to foreclosure; and the unemployment rate reached 10 percent. Democrats responded by enacting Wall Street reform to ensure that con-sumers, investors, and our economy are protected from reckless actors and bad practices, but now Republicans cannot wait to take us back to the bad old days. It makes no sense. As we have discussed, the package of bills now before us guts important fi-nancial protections at a time when markets are already experiencing tur-moil. It would allow high-frequency traders to manipulate the stock mar-kets undetected, encourage a regu-latory race to the bottom at our Na-tion’s stock exchanges, and harm in-vestors by weakening efforts to detect accounting fraud at smaller public companies. This package of bills threatens important progress we have made to reduce risk in the financial system and return investor confidence. In recent weeks, we have seen vola-tile markets that threaten the savings of hardworking American families. These circumstances should serve as a clear reminder that Congress should be strengthening oversight of the finan-cial system, not weakening it by un-dermining or removing important pro-tections. H.R. 3978 is strongly opposed by our State’s security cops, who are at the front line of combating fraud, and it is opposed by groups representing con-sumers, investors, and unions. Madam Speaker, for all of these rea-sons, I urge Members to oppose H.R. 3978, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas has 7 minutes re-maining. Mr. HENSARLING. Madam Speaker, there may be other Members coming, so, at the moment, I yield myself 4 minutes. Madam Speaker, again, all over America today, fortunately, because of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, people are waking up to new opportunities. They are finally seeing their wages begin to grow. We have seen the greatest wage growth in almost a decade, Madam Speaker, again, thanks to President Trump and thanks to a Republican Congress, a bill that was opposed by every single Democrat. But as they wake up to these new op-portunities, Madam Speaker, they also need new credit. As their incomes rise—this is good—they still need cred-it in order to buy a home, in order to purchase that car, and sometimes just to put groceries on the table. Unfortu-nately, over the last 8 years of the Obama administration where we saw probably one of the greatest increases in the cost, expense, and burden of costly Washington red tape, we have seen fewer credit opportunities. So now, fortunately, today there are good men and women on both sides of the aisle who are trying to work to-gether to bring some rationale and rea-son to the regulatory burden. Many Members on the other side of the aisle do realize that Dodd-Frank did not come down as tablets from Mt. Sinai, that it isn’t chiseled into stone, and that maybe there are some improve-ments that could be made. So today, we are taking a number of very bipartisan bills to the House floor. The Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act, which we debated earlier, Madam Speaker, passed by 42–17. The TRID Improvement Act by Mr. H
ILLfrom Arkansas passed through our committee 53–5—90 percent. Almost all of the Democrats but the ranking member supported the bill. The Protec-tion of Source Code Act, 46–14; the Fos-tering Innovation Act passed by a vote of 48–12, a Democratic bill; the Na-tional Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act, 46–14. We have a lot of bipartisan bills, but with one exception, title V of the TRID Improvement Act, none of them were supported, unfortunately, by the rank-ing member. So there is, again, a lot of bipartisan work we are trying to get done here. Unfortunately, very little of it is sup-ported by the ranking member. And why is this important? It is im-portant, Madam Speaker, because every day we are still hearing from our constituents who need access to com-petitive affordable credit. And because of this Washington red tape and regu-latory burden, they are not getting it. It wasn’t that long ago we heard from Ann of Wisconsin, who said: My husband and I had very high credit scores. We have plenty of equity in our home. But because my husband has a sea-sonal job and finds other employment in the winter, many banks we contacted rejected our loan request. They based our annual in-come only on the job he has currently and said that was part of the new regulations. 
Part of the new regulations—there is somebody who won’t buy a home; they can’t get a home. I heard from a mortgage banker in North Carolina who said: 
Last year, we declined a young man and his family fixed rate financing to purchase a primary home. The applicant recently relo-cated to work for a family business. Prior to Dodd-Frank, it would have been easy to qualify, but no more. 
Another potential American home buyer denied credit because of this reg-ulatory burden. Madam Speaker, that is what many of us, on both sides of the aisle, are trying to remedy today. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. S
INEMA ), a sponsor of title III of the Fostering Innovation Act. Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 3978, a package of commonsense solutions, each passed with support of both parties by the House Financial Services Committee. Madam Speaker, I also thank Congress-man H
ILLof Arkansas for his leader-ship in moving the package forward. One of these solutions is H.R. 1645, the Fostering Innovation Act, legisla-tion we introduced to help Arizona bio-pharmaceutical companies make life-saving breakthroughs. Business expenses always involve tradeoffs. When Arizona small busi-nesses spend money on costly regula-tions that provide little public benefit, they have less money to invest in re-search, development, and job creation for Arizona families. That is why I introduced this bill. This narrow fix ensures that innova-tive emerging growth companies, or EGCs, have the time and capital to de-velop and perfect scientific break-throughs. Right now, they are exempt-ed only for 5 years from these costly external audit requirements. That is often not enough time for these emerg-ing companies to prepare innovations for commercialization. Our bill tempo-rarily extends this exemption for an additional 5 years for a small subset of these EGCs with an annual revenue of less than $50 million and less than $700 million in public float. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.054 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1164 February 14, 2018 
The Fostering Innovation Act em-powers innovative Arizona companies, like HTG Molecular Diagnostics, to use valuable resources to remain competi-tive, stable, and, ultimately, success-ful. HTG is a Tucson-based developer of targeted molecular profiling tech-nology. This innovation ensures ge-netic testing can be turned around ac-curately and quickly, in as little as 24 hours. For patients, doctors, and fami-lies grappling with unexplainable symptoms or illnesses, genetic testing can provide critical insights and in-form the best course of treatment. These are lifesaving breakthroughs. It is what companies like HTG should use their limited resources to fund, not unnecessary and costly paperwork. I urge my colleagues to support American ingenuity, job creation, and growth by passing this act. Mr. Speaker, I thank, in particular, Chairman H
ENSARLING and Congress-man H
OLLINGSWORTH of Indiana for working with me on a consensus solu-tion that cuts red tape and supports in-novative and potentially lifesaving medical research. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Y
ODER ). The gentleman from Texas has 1 minute remaining. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to hear the voices of hardworking Ameri-cans, not just Washington, D.C., letter-head groups. We heard from a community banker, who said: 
A local union member wanted to refinance his primary residence. He was currently laid off due to the winter season. His tax return showed he was generally laid off for about 6 weeks each year during the extreme cold but was always called back when weather im-proved. Since he was laid off, we could not meet the requirement to validate his current income that would continue for 3 years. We had to deny the loan. 
Yet again, Mr. Speaker, more Wash-ington red tape taking away home op-portunities from hardworking Ameri-cans. It is wrong. We must do some-thing about it. It is why, on a bipar-tisan basis, so many of us have gotten together to pass H.R. 3978. Yes, we want to make sure that peo-ple can buy homes, they can buy cars, they can put groceries on the table, and right now, when the economy is fi-nally starting to improve, thanks to President Trump and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, we want them to have oppor-tunities. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Mem-bers to support H.R. 3978, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R
ECORD the following letters of opposition. CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS , Washington, DC, February 13, 2018. Hon. P
AULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. N
ANCY PELOSI , Democratic Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. D
EAR SPEAKER RYAN AND LEADER PELOSI : The Center for American Progress (‘‘CAP’’) is writing today to express opposition to H.R. 4061, the Financial Stability Oversight Council Improvement Act of 2017, which is included as Title VI of the revised H.R. 3978 package. It is our understanding that the re-vised H.R. 3978 package will be considered on the floor of the House of Representatives this week, so we welcome the chance to share our concerns regarding this legislation with you and your Members. In short, this bill erodes a vital new finan-cial regulatory tool implemented following the devastating 2007–2008 financial crisis. If enacted, the U.S. financial regulatory struc-ture will be less equipped to handle risks that build up outside of the traditional bank-ing sector—making the financial sector as a whole more vulnerable to another shock and economic downturn. Americans paid for the last crisis with their jobs, homes, and sav-ings, while banks and other financial institu-tions were bailed out. This bill inexplicably makes a repeat of that economic calamity more likely. The 2007–2008 financial crisis demonstrated that excessive risk could build up outside of the traditional banking sector. Nonbank fi-nancial institutions like Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns, and AIG did not face the type of oversight and regulatory standards war-ranted by their systemic importance. The failure or near-failure of these institutions threatened the stability of the U.S. financial sector. AIG and Bear Stearns were bailed out accordingly, while the failure of Lehman Brothers brought the global financial system to the brink of collapse. The crisis also re-vealed that no one financial regulator had a system-wide mandate, meaning individual regulators were only focused on their respec-tive segments of the financial sector. This left financial regulators in the dark regard-ing risks that built up across different parts of the sector or that emerged in underregu-lated parts of the sector. In the wake of the financial crisis, Presi-dent Obama worked with Congress to pass the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act—the most signifi-cant financial regulatory reforms enacted since the Great Depression. One important pillar of Dodd-Frank was the creation of the Financial Stability Oversight Council (‘‘FSOC’’), a new systemic risk regulatory body. The FSOC was created to bring the dis-parate financial regulators together to iden-tify and mitigate threats to financial sta-bility. The most important tool given to the FSOC to fulfill this mission is the authority to subject a nonbank financial company to enhanced oversight and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board if material distress at the company, or the company’s activities, could threaten financial stability. The FSOC has used this designation authority spar-ingly and only after a thorough, multi-stage review process in which the FSOC commu-nicates extensively with the company and the company’s primary regulators. H.R. 4061 would add multiple additional hurdles to the FSOC’s already-rigorous des-ignation process. The proposed changes would add an estimated two years to the des-ignation process, meaning it would take roughly four years for the FSOC to designate a nonbank financial company that could threaten U.S. financial stability. The four- year estimate does not even factor in the time it will take for the legal proceedings to play out when a company challenges the des-ignation in court. The legal challenge by MetLife took years, and likely would have taken longer if the Trump administration didn’t agree to stop pursuing the case. If anything, this bill increases the procedural issues a designated company could raise in court. H.R. 4061 practically invites a legal filibuster of the designation. It renders the designation authority nearly useless. Hollowing out this crucial post-crisis author-ity makes it far more likely that an under-regulated systemically important nonbank will cause or aggravate the next financial crisis. Contrary to critics of the FSOC, it is not a rigid body and has in the past responded to legitimate process and transparency sugges-tions. In 2015, after soliciting public com-ment, the FSOC adopted 17 changes to its designation process and transparency poli-cies The current designation process in place is rigorous and appropriately thorough. H.R. 4061 would add no less than nine new bureau-cratic steps. These proposed changes are ex-cessive, and the intent is clear: To prevent the FSOC from using this vital tool. This legislation is even more concerning given the actions Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, Chairman of the FSOC, has taken since the start of the Trump administration. The FSOC, under Mnuchin’s leadership, has: (i) rescinded the designation of AIG, the company that received a $182 billion bailout during the crisis; (ii) slashed the FSOC’s budget and staff; (iii) dropped the legal pro-ceedings regarding MetLife’s designation; (iv) signaled that Prudential’s designation may be rescinded this year; and (v) rec-ommended some deeply concerning addi-tional changes to the FSOC’s designation process in a report published in late 2017. Further restricting the FSOC’s authority at a time when it is being dismantled from within would be a grave mistake. For these reasons, CAP recommends that Members vote ‘‘NO’’ when the revised H.R. 3978 package of bills, which includes H.R. 4061, is considered on the floor. If you have any questions about this letter or would like to discuss these issues further, please contact Gregg Gelzinis. Sincerely, G
REGG GELZINIS , Research Assistant, Economic Policy, Center for American Progress. 
February 13, 2018. D
EAR REPRESENTATIVE , The undersigned organizations urge you to vote against H.R. 3978, the TRID Improvement Act. The bill, which amends Section 2603 of RESPA, would create confusion and undermine consistency in mortgage disclosures. In particular, the bill would make it harder for consumers to understand how much they are paying for title insurance, a required fee that already lacks a transparent, functioning market. In 2007, a GAO report concluded that bor-rowers ‘‘have little or no influence over the price of title insurance but have little choice but to purchase it.’’ Instead, the lender typi-cally chooses the insurer. As a result, the fees are grossly inflated in relation to the value of the insurance. Recent studies have found that barely 5% to 11% of premiums are paid out in claims. Almost the entirety of a title insurance premium goes to commis-sions, not insurance coverage. In contrast, for health insurance, minimally 80% of pre-miums are returned to consumers in claim payouts and the loss ratios for auto insur-ance fluctuate between 50% and 70%. Bor-rowers already pay inflated title insurance costs. Increased confusion in title insurance price disclosures would only serve to exacer-bate the problems in the market with trans-parency and fairness. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.056 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1165 February 14, 2018 
The method required by the Consumer Fi-nancial Protection Bureau for disclosing title insurance premiums reduces consumer confusion and enhances consistency between the estimated and final loan cost disclosures. The bill would change the final loan disclo-sure, decreasing consistency with the initial disclosure. As a result, it would increase con-sumer confusion, especially where the con-sumer opts not to purchase both lender and owner policies (only the lender policy is re-quired) after getting the early disclosure containing both. The bill’s requirement to disclose the ‘‘ac-tual’’ cost of the insurance will lead to con-fusion in almost half of the states because the calculation of premiums is not standard-ized under state law and title companies within those states do not provide com-parable rates. In contrast, the CFPB regula-tions take into account that comparison shopping in such states is not possible and provides a standardized approach. Further refinement of the title insurance disclosures can be addressed by the CFPB itself in co-operation with stakeholders to ensure any outstanding issues are addressed with the input of all affected parties. We urge you not to undermine the CFPB’s careful rules for restoring transparency and market competition to the title insurance market. Please vote no on H.R. 3978. Sincerely, A
MERICANS FOR FINANCIAL  R
EFORM . C
ENTER FOR RESPONSIBLE  L
ENDING . N
ATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF  C
ONSUMER ADVOCATES . N
ATIONAL CONSUMER LAW C
ENTER (ON BEHALF OF  
ITS LOW -INCOME CLIENTS ). 
CONSUMER FEDERATION OF AMERICA , February 12, 2018. D
EARREPRESENTATIVE : We understand the House is scheduled to vote this week on H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Improvement Act.’’ While we did not take a position on this bill when it came before the House Financial Services Committee, we urge you to oppose it now that it includes the following extraneous, anti-investor bills: H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act;’’ H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fos-tering Innovation Act;’’ and H.R. 4546, the ‘‘National Securities Exchange Regulatory Parity Act.’’ Each of these bills would harm investors and undermine the integrity of our capital markets. H.R. 1645, the ‘‘Fostering Innovation Act,’’ would make financial accounting fraud more likely. This legislation would extend the period of time in which certain public companies would be exempt from a requirement that provides important protections against fi-nancial reporting errors, including errors that are the result of fraud. That is the re-quirement under Section 404(b) of the Sar-banes-Oxley Act that requires auditors, as part of their audits of public company finan-cial statements, to assess and attest to the adequacy of the company’s internal controls to ensure accurate financial reporting. This bill would extend this exemption for up to five years to a class of companies, including those that have gone public but may be struggling to produce significant revenues, that could have a particular incentive to ma-nipulate their financial statements in order to attract more capital. Companies should not be permitted to raise capital in the pub-lic markets if they do not have adequate controls in place to prevent financial report-ing errors and fraud. And auditors cannot reasonably attest to the accuracy of a com-pany’s financial statements without care-fully assessing those controls. Requiring auditors to attest to the adequacy of those controls as part of the financial statement audit contributes to the market trans-parency and integrity that is essential to a healthy capital formation process. Moreover, the number and severity of financial restate-ments has declined since the requirement was adopted, which demonstrates that these requirements have benefited the market sig-nificantly. Because this legislation would make financial accounting fraud more like-ly, we oppose it. Furthermore, because this legislation is being attached to the TRID bill, we urge you to oppose the entire pack-age. H.R. 3948, the ‘‘Protection of Source Code Act,’’ would weaken SEC oversight of algo-rithmic trading and hamstring the agency from responding quickly to flash crashes or other market breakdowns. At a time when algorithmic trading is tak-ing on increased importance in our capital markets, this bill would make it more dif-ficult for the SEC to properly oversee such trading. The bill would require the SEC to first issue a subpoena before it could compel a person to produce or furnish to the SEC al-gorithmic trading source code or ‘‘similar in-tellectual property.’’ This would undermine the SEC’s examination authority by creating a gaping hole in its ability to gain access to firm records relevant to the examination. It would also have a devastating effect on the agency’s ability to respond quickly in the event of another ‘‘flash crash’’ or other such events in the future. In order to oversee the markets effectively, the SEC needs to be able to accurately and efficiently recon-struct order entry and trading activity, in-cluding for algorithmic traders. Because this legislation would weaken SEC oversight of algorithmic trading and hamstring the agen-cy from responding quickly to flash crashes or other market breakdowns, we oppose it. Furthermore, because this legislation is being attached to the TRID bill, we urge you to oppose the entire package. H.R. 4546, the ‘‘National Securities Ex-change Regulatory Parity Act,’’ would dras-tically weaken standards for securities to be listed and traded on exchanges. H.R. 4546 would change the terms on which securities are deemed ‘‘covered securities,’’ and thus exempt from state oversight. It would do so by removing any requirement that these securities have to meet conditions comparable to the current listing standards on leading national exchanges. Instead, any security listed on an exchange that is a member of the National Market System (NMS) would be exempt from state regula-tion and oversight. Because the bill would not establish any core quantitative or quali-tative requirements for covered securities to replace those eliminated by the bill, it would likely accelerate an already troubling race to the bottom in listing standards among NMS members. Moreover, the bill does not sufficiently protect against the possibility that a venture exchange could eventually be established specifically to meet the bill’s re-quirements for state preemption. If this were to occur, smaller, more local offerings typi-cally overseen by states could be ‘‘designated as qualified for trading’’ on such an exchange without any assurance that they can meet basic quantitative and qualitative standards designed to ensure investors are appro-priately protected. In short, this bill would eliminate protections afforded by state over-sight, fail to replace the current meaningful protections afforded by high listing stand-ards with a comparable alternative, and leave investors without any reasonable hope that the SEC will be able to provide effective oversight at the federal level. Because this legislation would drastically weaken stand-ards for securities to be listed and traded on exchanges, we oppose it. Furthermore, be-cause this legislation is being attached to the TRID bill, we urge you to oppose the en-tire package. The TRID bill should not be used as a vehi-cle to pass extraneous, anti-investor bills. Because the bills attached to the TRID bill would harm investors and undermine the in-tegrity of our capital markets, we urge you to vote no on the entire package when H.R. 3978 comes to the floor this week. Respectfully submitted, BARBARA ROPER , Director of Investor Protection. M
ICAH HAUPTMAN , Financial Services Counsel. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate on the bill has expired. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . FOSTER  
Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as fol-lows: 
Page 3, line 4, strike ‘‘source code, includ-ing’’. Page 3, line 6, insert ‘‘algorithmic trading’’ before ‘‘source code’’. Page 3, line 15, strike ‘‘source code, includ-ing’’. Page 3, line 17, insert ‘‘algorithmic trad-ing’’ before ‘‘source code’’. Page 3, line 25, strike ‘‘source code, includ-ing’’. Page 4, line 2, insert ‘‘algorithmic trading’’ before ‘‘source code’’. Page 4, line 11, strike ‘‘source code, includ-ing’’. Page 4, line 13, insert ‘‘algorithmic trad-ing’’ before ‘‘source code’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to House Resolution 736, the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, my amendment clarifies that this bill is only intended to apply to the source code underpinning algorithmic trading rather than any computer code that ex-ists anywhere in the enterprise. The algorithmic source code at a trading firm are its crown jewels. It is basically the core of its existence in its intellectual property. It is not merely historical or descrip-tive like books or records that regu-lators routinely have access to. Like-wise, it is not a broad expression of strategies that a firm might use some time in the future. Rather, it is a spe-cific and prescriptive algorithm that generates a specific outcome based on a specific set of inputs. The firms that rely on algorithmic trading have Ph.D. scientists, mathe-maticians, and economists researching correlations that lead to these rela-tionships between the inputs and out-puts. These may be simple but may also be incredibly complex, involving multiple inputs that do not appear re-lated at first glance. This complexity, coupled with the fact that they are written largely in computer code, limits the usefulness of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.024 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1166 February 14, 2018 
inspecting source code as an examina-tion tool. It is, rather, the behavior of the firm in the market that represents potential violations of security laws. Manipulative behavior, like frequently displaying or canceling orders, should get the regulators’ attention and prompt them to ask the firm to explain it. Source code would be and will be a valuable part of any investigation or enforcement action into observed ma-nipulation of the market, but this is not the basis and should not be the basis for casual inspection. It would probably be central to proving the ele-ment of intent in an enforcement ac-tion because it demonstrates that the algorithm was designed to engage in, for example, manipulative or abusive behavior. To this end, it is imperative that the firms achieve archived versions in ef-fect at any given time and log modi-fications to those algorithms, includ-ing who made them, at any time that the code is altered. These should al-ways be available by subpoena. Additionally, I believe that most firms would allow the regulator on site to examine the source code on an air gap computer. To treat the source code as ordinary books and records would not limit the regulator to onsite exam-ination, but would allow for staff to re-quest it and that it be made available offsite, which has real dangers. Because of the value the firm carries with its proprietary algorithms, it makes sense that the firm would be re-luctant to allow any undue access to its crown jewels. It is really, I believe and I think the majority of my col-leagues believe, something that should be accessible only by a subpoena. My amendment simply clarifies that it is only the algorithmic trading code and related information that should be covered. I urge my colleagues to sup-port my amendment and, upon its adoption, to support the bill on final passage. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1615 Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, the current language of title II of H.R. 3978 would require SEC examination staff to obtain a subpoena before it could inspect any source code whatsoever, including, for example, computer code reflecting a firm’s ad-herence to the SEC’s cybersecurity reg-ulations. The amendment offered by Mr. F
OS-
TERwould narrow the requirement in title II to only apply to proprietary source code related to algorithmic trading. While I applaud Mr. F
OSTER  and the amendment’s cosponsor, Mr. S
COTT, for narrowing the overbroad language of title II, the amendment cannot fix this untimely and ill-ad-vised legislation. Even as amended, title II would undermine effective over-sight of the high-frequency traders that simultaneously create and stand to benefit from the kind of extreme market volatility that we have seen in the past few weeks. Let’s not forget that, on May 6, 2010, in an event referred to as the ‘‘flash crash,’’ major U.S. stock indices inexplicably plummeted nearly $1 tril-lion in less than an hour before mostly rebounding. Alarmingly, market regu-lators took nearly 5 months to deter-mine that the flash crash was caused by a combination of a flawed execution algorithm of one institutional investor and aggressive algorithmic trading by HFTs. While it is too early to tell exactly what created the recent volatility in the U.S. stock market, market ana-lysts have suggested that algorithmic trading has played a central role. In fact, just last Tuesday, the day after the Dow Jones Industrial Average saw its biggest one-day point drop in his-tory, Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin testified before the House Fi-nancial Services Committee that algo-rithmic trading ‘‘definitely had an im-pact on market moves.’’ Given the importance of algorithmic trading in our stock market, it makes no sense to obstruct the SEC’s access to the information that enables such activity merely because it exists in an electronic format. Americans who have trillions of their dollars in 401(k) and other retirement and savings plans de-serve the SEC’s best efforts in inves-tigating and mitigating computer-driv-en market disruptions. For this reason and for all of these reasons, and given my broader concerns that the bill would significantly harm investor con-fidence in our markets even if the amendment is adopted, I am urging a ‘‘no’’ vote on H.R. 3978. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FOSTER. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to simply reiterate that it should be the actions in the market that are the first indications that the regulators should have a look at, and when they see suspicious activity in the market, that is the time to get the subpoena and go after the source code. With that, I just urge the adoption of the amendment and the passage of the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended, and on the amendment offered by the gen-tleman from Illinois (Mr. FOSTER ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. F
OSTER ). The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion to recommit at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is the gentleman opposed to the bill? Mr. CAPUANO. I am, in its current form. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I re-serve a point of order on the gentle-man’s motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. A point of order on the motion is reserved. The Clerk will report the motion to recommit. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. Capuano moves to recommit the bill H.R. 3978 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: Page 5, line 13, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 5, line 14, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. Page 5, after line 14, insert the following: ‘‘(D) has claw back policies to require any executive officer incentive-based compensa-tion to be clawed-back in the event that the issuer is required to prepare an accounting restatement due to the material noncompli-ance of the issuer with any financial report-ing requirement under the securities laws (as defined in section 3(a) of the Securities Ex-change Act of 1934), regardless of whether such compensation was paid to an officer who was a party to the actions that resulted in such restatement.’’. 
Mr. CAPUANO (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the motion be considered as read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Massachusetts? Mr. HENSARLING. I object. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Objec-tion is heard. The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to the rule, the gentleman from Massachusetts is recognized for 5 min-utes in support of his motion. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, my amendment simply requires a company to have a policy in place to claw back executives’ incentive-based pay if it is materially noncompliant with finan-cial reporting requirements. Now, those words matter because the words ‘‘materially noncompliant’’ mean something in the accounting world. It has to be a big change, not just some minor, little accounting error. This amendment really should be noncontroversial. It is outrageous, not to mention shortsighted, that almost a decade after the crisis that wrecked the economy we still don’t have com-monsense safeguards in place to ensure that CEOs do not turn a blind eye to problems that lead to a public restate-ment of their company’s financials. This is not something hypothetical. It happens on a pretty regular basis. It is not relegated to just the past. Every-body here is pretty familiar with Wells Fargo Bank. It has generated scandal after scandal by ripping off its own 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.058 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1167 February 14, 2018 
consumers. Last year, the bank settled an 11-year lawsuit with the Depart-ment of Justice because it overcharged veterans who applied for home loan re-financing. At the same time, we learned of hundreds of thousands of car loan customers charged for car insur-ance that they never agreed to pur-chase. In 2016, we learned of millions of fake deposits and credit card statements opened up by Wells Fargo and then charging their customers. Last Sep-tember, the bank failed to refund in-surance payments made by customers who paid off their car loans early. And most recently, we found out that they delayed mortgage closing dates in order to jack up their own fees. These abuses come on top of $10 bil-lion in fines by that bank that has been paid in recent years for everything from mortgage fraud, illegal mar-keting, kickback schemes, insider trading, racial discrimination, and stu-dent loan scams. Yet the bank believes that this kind of consistent misconduct is not materially financially important enough to require a restatement. Wells Fargo has only ever clawed back a few tiny dollars from its execu-tives. All this recommit does is simply says that if you commit an act that re-quires a material change in your public statements, you shouldn’t profit by it. That is all. Not basic pay; just the in-centive pay tied to those actions. The underlying bill goes in the oppo-site direction. It makes it more likely that there will be material inaccura-cies in certain public companies’ finan-cial statements. If this is what Con-gress is going to do, we should, at the very least, not incentivize that bad be-havior. Title III of this bill allows new public companies to get out of inde-pendent audit requirements for 10 years—ten years. Now, we all think, well, that is fine for a small company. Small company? Up to $700 million of company shares? That is a small company? Those are significant companies that put lots of people at risk, shareholders and inves-tors. In 2002, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act—I want to repeat, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act because Mike Oxley was the Repub-lican chair of the Financial Services Committee at the time—requires com-panies to issue stock to publicly report their internal control structures and procedures for financial reporting. Those reports have to be attested to and covered in an audit report. There is a reason why an independent audit of large corporations is a good thing: it makes it harder for them to hide bad actions. This recommit, again, it is simple. It doesn’t change the un-derlying bill. It simply says: If a cor-poration makes a material change to its publicly stated financial records and an executive’s incentive pay has been tied to the profits made off of that now-changed policy, the company has to have a policy in place whereby to claw back those ill-gotten profits. I don’t think that is controversial. I don’t think that is partisan. I don’t think that is antibusiness. I don’t think that is overregulation. It is sim-ply fair. We don’t let bank robbers keep their money. We don’t let other people who commit wrongdoings keep the profits that they have. Why should we let cor-porations who go out of their way— some, not all, only a handful go out of their way—to make sure that they hide their bad actions, report them badly? And when they get caught and have to report them appropriately, they still get to keep the ill-gotten gains. That is all this recommit does. It is simple. It is straightforward. And I would hope that my friends on not just the other side but on both sides of this aisle see this as a thoughtful, insight-ful, and commonsense approach to amend this bill. Mr. Speaker, with that, I yield back the remainder of my time. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The res-ervation of a point of order is with-drawn. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I claim time in opposition. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gen-tleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I listened very carefully to my colleague on the Financial Services Committee. I lost track of how many times he men-tioned Wells Fargo. That has nothing to do with an early growth company. That has nothing to do with this title of the bill. So the Fostering Innovation Act by the gentlewoman from Arizona is all about allowing emerging-growth com-panies the opportunity to actually grow. What a novel concept. What we know is, Mr. Speaker, in 8 years of Obamanomics, they were only able to produce about 1.8 percent eco-nomic growth, for all intents and pur-poses. Nobody’s savings account came back. Wages were stagnant. And now that we have sensible regulation, now that we have passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, now we have 3 percent eco-nomic growth, which is economic growth for America’s working families. Unemployment is at a 17-year low. It remains at a 17-year low. Again, wages grew at 2.9 percent last year, the fastest in almost a decade. Two million Americans have gone back to work, Mr. Speaker, and this is not by accident. So what the gentleman is doing with his motion to recommit is sending us back. He is rolling the clock back to an era where working Americans didn’t get ahead, where entrepreneurship was at a generational low, where small businesses were finding it hard to ac-cess lines of credit. So the bill that he so much maligns from the gentle-woman from Arizona, who happens to reside on his side of the aisle—at mark-up, the ranking member of the relevant subcommittee, the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. M
ALONEY ), supported the provision and said: This is a sen-sible compromise that provides a nar-rowly targeted relief to only the com-panies that truly need it. Researching a new drug and getting FDA approval is a very, very long proc-ess, which is exactly what we heard in our committee. For example, we have heard from John Blake, senior vice president of finance at Atyr Pharma, who testified before the Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Securities, and In-vestments. He said: It remains the case that the biotech development time line is a decades-long affair. It is extremely likely that Atyr will still be in the lab, in the clinic, when our EGC clock ex-pires, our early growth company. In other words, they may have reve-nues, but they don’t have profits. They don’t have profits. This is something that is especially common in the biotech area. They need this capital for innovation. So once again, we have heard this rhetoric on the other side of the aisle before. This is all about Dodd-Frank revisited. They aim at Wall Street, but they are hitting Main Street, Mr. Speaker. The MTR, the motion to re-commit, hits Main Street in the gut. It will mean fewer early growth compa-nies. It will mean fewer jobs. It will mean lower wage growth. And it will mean, again, a decimated and declining American Dream. b1630 Mr. Speaker, we should reject the motion to recommit, and we should support the underlying bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the previous question is or-dered on the motion to recommit. There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to recommit. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursu-ant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15-minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by 5-minute votes on: Passage of the bill, if ordered; and Passage of H.R. 3299. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 189, nays 228, not voting 13, as follows: 
[Roll No. 76] YEAS—189 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.061 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1168 February 14, 2018 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NAYS—228 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Taylor Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—13 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Costa Cummings Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Stivers Tenney Watson Coleman 
b1656 Messrs. BOST, MESSER, DAVIDSON, BISHOP of Michigan, SMITH of Texas, M
CHENRY, STEWART, BARR, HUN-TER, L
AMALFA, and ROKITA changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. COOPER, DOGGETT, and GRIJALVA changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the motion to recommit was re-jected. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. MAXINE WATERS of California. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 271, nays 145, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 77] YEAS—271 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kihuen Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lewis (MN) Lipinski Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—145 
Adams Barraga´n Beatty Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hanabusa Hastings Higgins (NY) Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.025 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1169 February 14, 2018 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Krishnamoorthi Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Lu´jan, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Shea-Porter Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Costa Cummings Duncan (SC) Grothman Gutie´rrez LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Scalise Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1704 Mr. POLIS changed his vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
f 
PROTECTING CONSUMERS’ ACCESS TO CREDIT ACT OF 2017 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The un-finished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3299) to amend the Re-vised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. This will be a 5-minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic de-vice, and there were—yeas 245, nays 171, not voting 14, as follows: 
[Roll No. 78] YEAS—245 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Correa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Diaz-Balart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Farenthold Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ros-Lehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—171 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Courtney Crist Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Hanabusa Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meng Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen Roybal-Allard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Shea-Porter Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Soto Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walz Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—14 
Bass Boyle, Brendan F. Costa Cummings Duncan (SC) Gutie´rrez Johnson (GA) LoBiondo Pearce Posey Rogers (KY) Scalise Stivers Watson Coleman 
b1712 So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoid-ably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 77 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 78. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION  
Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House Chamber for rollcall votes 72 through 78 on Wednesday, February 14, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 74, 75, and 76, and ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall votes 72, 73, 77, and 78. 
f 
HOUR OF MEETING ON TOMORROW Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. B
UDD). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. 
f 
PERMISSION FOR MEMBER TO BE ADDED AS A COSPONSOR OF H.R. 676 Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent that my name be added as cosponsor to the bill, H.R. 676. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentle-woman from Florida? There was no objection. 
f 
b1715 RECOGNIZING SHERIFF JIM OLSON (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the service of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.023 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1170 February 14, 2018 
Carver County Sheriff Jim Olson, who recently announced his retirement. Sheriff Olson began his career with the Carter County Sheriff’s Office 31 years ago. He was elected to his first 4- year term in 2010 and was reelected in 2013. Olson led law enforcement operations during a time when Carver County sur-passed a population of 100,000 people, making it one of the fastest growing counties in Minnesota. He oversaw major public safety operations during the aftermath of Prince’s death as well as the Ryder Cup in 2016. He is well respected in our commu-nity and is involved in community out-reach, raising public awareness of men-tal health resources, educating the public about the role of the sheriff’s of-fice, and supporting the Hope House, a youth homeless shelter in Chanhassen. Mr. Speaker, I thank Sheriff Olson for his many years of service and dedi-cation to keeping the residents of Carver County safe. We wish him the best of luck in the future. He will be missed. 
f 
RECOGNIZING HEALTH AND WELLNESS COACHES (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor America’s health and wellness coaches. Health and wellness coaches help people change their unhealthy lifestyles and manage chron-ic illnesses. Mr. Speaker, I am a diabetic. I also suffer from macular degeneration and heart disease. I know firsthand how dif-ficult it is for people to change their behaviors and make healthier life choices, but I also know that changing behavior can improve overall health and reduce the amount of costly med-ical care people need. The American Medical Association recently found that having a health and wellness coach involved in a per-son’s wellness journey not only in-creases patient satisfaction and en-gagement, but also reduces physician stress and burnout by freeing up their time. Last week, I introduced H. Res. 733 to express support for health and wellness coaches and to designate this week as National Health and Wellness Coach Recognition Weak. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in celebrating our Nation’s health and wellness coaches. 
f 
RECOGNIZING DAVID LONG (Mr. MESSER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a tremendous Hoo-sier public servant, leader of the Indi-ana State Senate, David Long, who re-cently announced his retirement from office. David has served in the Indiana Sen-ate for 22 years and as president pro tempore for the last 12. He is a remark-able leader who has been central to every major policy achievement in In-diana at a State level over the past decade. He led the charge on cutting taxes, passing right to work, enacting Major Moves, creating one of the biggest and best school choice programs, and per-manently capping property taxes. On a personal note, David Long is my mentor. We are both graduates of Wa-bash College, and we both overachieved in marriage. I will always be grateful for his friendship, advice, and counsel. I thank David for his years of service. f 
DEFENDING THE FBI (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement and intelligence commu-nity—most pointedly, the Federal Bu-reau of Investigation—is sustaining an unprecedented, coordinated attack. Like a cancer, the strikes are coming from deep in the marrow of our demo-cratic Republic. Our own President and even some Members of Congress block the light of justice. In his State of the Union Address, President Trump bragged about the ap-prehension of violent criminals and gang members. The hypocrisy of this President taking credit for the dan-gerous work of our FBI and larger in-telligence community while systemati-cally and doggedly working to under-mine public faith in these institutions is an outrage. Under Special Counsel Mueller’s di-rection in 2012, the FBI made 25,000 ar-rests and 14,800 indictments. They lo-cated 1,100 missing children and seized $1.125 billion worth of criminal assets and drugs. The historic role of the FBI in bring-ing major criminals and foreign and do-mestic enemies of our state to justice cannot be overstated. The FBI has de-fended us in ways and measures well beyond general public awareness. If not out of patriotism and commit-ment to our democracy and its institu-tion, then out of sheer necessity, Con-gress and the American people must defend the rule of law. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Mem-bers are reminded to refrain from en-gaging in personalities toward the President. 
f 
FAIRNESS FOR HIGH-SKILLED IMMIGRANTS (Mr. YODER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. YODER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as the Senate debates DACA and border security to urge my colleagues in both Houses of Congress to include high-skilled immigration reform in the final legislative package. Our immigration system is broken in many places. While we search for solu-tions to promote fairness, compassion, and the rule of law, I want to highlight a group of immigrants who have been following our laws, contributing to our country, and yet are being left out in the cold by our broken system. Right now, the per-country caps on green cards for highly skilled H–1B im-migrants unfairly discriminate against immigrants from a few countries, espe-cially India. The caps have created a huge backlog of Indian applicants who will have to wait decades—as much as 70 years—to achieve their dream of American citizenship. The per-country caps must be re-placed by a merit-based system that treats everyone fairly, regardless of their country of origin. My bill, the Fairness for High-Skilled Immigration Act, would do just that. I urge my colleagues not to let our compassion end with DACA recipients. Let’s also use this opportunity to pro-mote fairness for high-skilled immi-grants as well. f 
DOMESTIC ABUSE IS WRONG (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as we address Women’s History Month in the month of March, I raise the atten-tion of my colleagues to a set of cir-cumstances that we have seen relating to the administration and its personnel policies, but the real issue is the affir-mation of opposition to domestic vio-lence and abuse. Thousands of women and some men lose their lives to domestic abuse and domestic violence. Thousands live in silence and absolute fear. Children see their mothers and fathers killed. To have insensitivity to the importance of anyone who has engaged in domestic violence and domestic abuse be ignored sends a wrong signal to the girls and young women in this country. We must join together in a bipartisan manner to ensure that the Violence Against Women Act is reauthorized in March, and we must pronounce that domestic violence and domestic abuse is wrong for men, women, and families. It is something that should be con-demned and not condoned. No matter how important a position you may hold, it is important for America’s leadership to denounce this kind of vicious attack on families. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to bipartisan-ship on this issue. 
f 
RECOGNIZING OLYMPIAN ERIN HAMLIN (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her re-marks.) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.071 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1171 February 14, 2018 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a world-class ath-lete and Olympian from the 22nd Con-gressional District, Erin Hamlin. Four-time Olympian and two-time world champion luger, Erin Hamlin carried the Team USA flag during the 2018 Winter Olympic opening ceremony in Pyeongchang, South Korea, last Fri-day. Following a vote from her fellow athletes, Erin was selected from eight other athletes to enter her last Olym-pic Games as the flagbearer. Erin made history in 2014 as the first U.S. athlete to win a singles luge medal after taking home the Olympic Bronze Medal at the Sochi Games. She made history again as the fourth luger to serve as the United States flagbearer and the first since 2010. During Friday’s Parade of Nations, Erin led 244 athletes, the largest team ever from the United States. Yester-day, she competed in the last race of her outstanding career. Erin will be remembered as someone who shattered barriers for both men and women in the sport of luge. Please join me in congratulating Oneida Coun-ty’s and Remsen, New York’s own rock star, Erin Hamlin, on these incredible achievements. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHICAGO POLICE COMMANDER PAUL BAUER (Mr. LIPINSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mourn the passing of Chicago Police Commander Paul Bauer, who was shot and killed in the line of duty yesterday. This is a terrible tragedy for the Chicago Police Department, our city, and, most of all, Paul’s wife and young daughter. Paul Bauer graduated 2 years ahead of me at Saint Ignatius and joined the police department soon after, when he was just 21 years old. He rose through the ranks over 32 years to lead the mounted horse unit and, later, became commander of the Near North District. A member of Nativity Parish in Bridgeport, Paul is being remembered as a loving father and husband, some-one who knew the value of community policing and giving back, and for lead-ing efforts to raise funds for the Chi-cago Police Memorial Fund. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in mourning the passing of Commander Paul Bauer. Please pray for him, his family, and for our city. Please remember to take a moment to thank the police and other first re-sponders that you encounter every day. We owe them so much. 
f 
PROTECTING RELIGIOUS LIBERTY (Mr. L
AMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commend the Health and Human Services’ new Conscience and Religious Freedom Division within the Office of Civil Rights. Recently, they announced a proposed rule to protect workers in HHS-funded programs from being coerced into prac-ticing activities that violate their con-science, including abortion, steriliza-tion, assisted suicide, and more. Under the previous administration, doctors and nurses were not protected from being forced to participate in pro-cedures that may violate their reli-gious beliefs or moral convictions. This is clearly wrong. Those who are dis-criminated against for their religious beliefs should be afforded the same pro-tections as those facing any other types of discrimination. OCR has now opened a 60-day public comment period on the rule. I encour-age everyone across the country to par-ticipate in that comment period. I thank the Division once again for taking this important action to protect religious liberty in our healthcare sys-tem. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF AUSTIN DAVIS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Austin Davis, who visited Las Vegas to attend the Route 91 concert on October 1. Austin was an only child who was very close to his parents. He lived in Riverside, California, and worked as a pipefitter. During his free time, Austin loved to play softball. All of those who knew him remember Austin for his contagious smile and hardworking na-ture. I extend my condolences to Austin Davis’ family and his friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
f 
b1730 HONORING SAM JOHNSON (Mr. BURGESS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his re-marks.) Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor our colleague and my fellow Texan, S
AMJOHNSON . This week marks 45 years since he returned to freedom after enduring nearly 7 years as a prisoner of war in Hanoi, Vietnam. Each February, we are reminded of the heroism, perseverance, and leader-ship that S
AMJOHNSON displayed dur-ing his time as a prisoner of war. We are also reminded of the persistence of S
AM’s family and their joy and the joy of our north Texas community and the American people when S
AMreturned home to Texas in 1973. S
AMJOHNSON has served our country selflessly—first through his distin-guished Air Force career, and then here in the House of Representatives. Since he was elected to the House in 1991, he has been an advocate for our Armed Forces, our veterans, and American freedom. Mr. Speaker, 15 years ago, I gave my first floor speech, marking 30 years since Mr. JOHNSON returned home. Today it is a distinct privilege to honor my friend and mentor on his 45th ‘‘returniversary.’’ S
AMJOHNSON , welcome home. 
f 
HONORING WORLD WAR II VETERAN WILLIAM JOHN TOMKA The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Flor-ida (Mr. R
UTHERFORD ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the ma-jority leader. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor World War II vet-eran William John Tomka, with whom I had the recent pleasure of joining to celebrate his 100th birthday on Janu-ary 27, 2018. Born in Dover, New Jersey, to immi-grant parents, William spent his forma-tive years in New Jersey developing a love of music. This resulted in him be-coming a music teacher until he was drafted into the United States Army on July 11, 1941. He left a successful job teaching in New Jersey to defend our great Nation. After completing his radio operations training at Fort Dix and Fort Bragg, he was deployed to Iceland as part of the 50th Signal Battalion in which he served as a technical sergeant leading a group of eight men who were also trained radio operators. His team was responsible for code, re-ceiving and transmitting from the field, as well as in command vehicles. This group was part of the first Amer-ican Army personnel to be sent in the European Theater of Operations. After 22 months in Iceland, he was sent to England to be a part of the in-vasion force of France on D-day. He was dropped onto Utah Beach on June 6, 1944, and bravely fought through the entire campaign of Europe, including the American bombardment of the Ger-man forces at Saint-Lo. He and his fel-low soldiers later proceeded to serve at the Battle of the Bulge. When recounting his most memo-rable times in the Army, Mr. Tomka will tell you about his time in Europe after D-day. He told me about his time in France, where he witnessed Amer-ican fighter pilots bomb the German forces, and of his time served in joint force with the Russians at the river of Elbe. Mr. Tomka was discharged after 3
1⁄2 years of foreign duty on June 22, 1945. After his years of service, Mr. Tomka went back to his passion of teaching music. He started an instrumental music program in the Ridgefield school system of New Jersey. During his years of music education, Mr. Tomka ob-tained his master’s degree from NYU in supervision and administration. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.073 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1172 February 14, 2018 
While he was at NYU, he also played violin in the orchestra. Even at 100 years old, his talents are still impres-sive. At his recent birthday celebra-tion, Mr. Tomka expertly played the clarinet, violin, piano, and sang for all of his family and friends. I salute Mr. William John Tomka on his years of faithful service to our country and to the public school sys-tem. He exemplified qualities of a true American hero. I, on behalf of a grate-ful nation, admire his service and sac-rifice. 
30TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE DAVID A . STEIN  
JEWISH COMMUNITY ALLIANCE  
Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the hard-working men and women of the David A. Stein Jewish Community Alliance on the celebration of their 30th anni-versary of enriching the lives of those with a variety of needs. The JCA is a pillar in our Jackson-ville community. The Jewish Commu-nity Alliance is a nonprofit community center affiliated with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, the United Way of Northeast Florida, and the Jewish Community Centers of North America. Its focus is to enhance the quality of life for families and individuals of all ages, religions, races, financial means, and physical and mental abilities. To this end, the JCA has impacted tens of thousands of citizens in our community. Situated on the Ed Parker Jewish Community Campus, the JCA welcomes preschool-aged children to get a good start in life and embraces teens and adults to join classes on health, heritage, and a variety of sub-jects. The JCA is a spirit of intergenera-tional sharing of values and ideas. The afterschool and school-closed day pro-grams give peace of mind to working parents, both married and single. Sen-iors and adults with special needs are offered opportunities to reach their po-tential with dignity and tradition. The JCA facility offers swimming, theater, and camp programs, fitness and exercise classes, sports teams, art, and academic classes to all members and welcomes all for membership. The JCA offers an array of creative and in-novative classes, programs, and events to inspire and benefit its participants. Mr. Speaker, I ask Members of the House to join me in acknowledging the 30th anniversary of the Jewish Commu-nity Alliance and its commitment to our community. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
ECONOMIC REGENERATION The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Ne-braska (Mr. F
ORTENBERRY ) is recog-nized for the remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, you may remember this around the holidays. It was a television commer-cial that played quite frequently. It may still be on. But it shows a shelter for the poor and homeless around Christmastime, and men and women are entering from the cold wintry streets, and they are gathering under bright lights and sharing good cheer, and they are clearly benefitting from the holiday outpouring of charity and compassion and fellowship. But then the commercial shifts and the environment changes. It is a dreary downtrodden affair at this point. The new year has begun and the shelter is left darker and less full than its former ambient light, and laughter has dimmed into somber tones. All the while, a man is sitting at the piano in this emptying place singing, ‘‘Don’t You Forget About Me.’’ The scene con-cludes with the adage: ‘‘The season of giving ends, but the need remains.’’ Mr. Speaker, as our economy begins to recharge, giving more and more hope with more and more Americans gaining jobs, it is important, though, to continue to reflect on this still early stage of the new year. After some im-portant budget battles here and a major tax reform piece of legislation, it is important to reflect on the proper balance between responsibility and charity, as well as those who continue to be left behind or forgotten. Americans are the most generous people in the world, and they also deep-ly value responsibility, and they know that a fulfilled life requires rewarding work. Unfortunately, unemployment and underemployment continue to hinder a faster economic recovery, causing much anxiety for persons and their families. According to a new survey from CareerBuilder, nearly eight out of ten Americans say they are living pay-check to paycheck, and our improving economic indices should not obscure this difficult reality. So to better help persons support themselves and one another in the full dignity of work, our next phase of eco-nomic regeneration must be an at-tempt to find the proper balance be-tween right-sized government, respon-sibility to one another, and reasonable expectations that everyone can con-tribute something according to their means and their capacity. Everyone has something to give. As this recognition and economic re-generation kindles a new policy discus-sion, several guideposts should be kept in mind, such as ensuring enhanced op-portunity and the erasure of what I call entrepreneurial impediments, along with efforts to address and mend a deep societal sense of brokenness. When persons are unemployed or un-deremployed, they can enter a down-ward spiral in their lives. Mr. Speaker, as we well know, Washington alone cannot create a humane economy that works for the many. Americans living together in community form the cor-nerstone of a vibrant market. A fuller answer to unemployment, underemployment, and this widespread lack of financial assets, along with the resulting loss of social capital, might be found in the idea that government and society should join in a movement for national solidarity, seeing work as a common endeavor for us all. After all, economics, in its essence, is not just a transaction; it is profoundly re-lational. A rightful discussion about the pro-found meaning of work also requires the right words. The overreliance in this body, particularly, on depersonal-izing economic language, I think, is one reason that Washington can seem so disconnected and aloof from real communities and real people. At the end of the month, if a person can’t pay their gas or a grocery bill, they are unlikely to care about GDP growth or arguments for the efficiency of globalized trade. In a similar way, recent news cycles are tracking the skyrocketing stock market valuations with some ups and downs of late. And this is all exceeding most expectations, particularly from the beginning of the year, but glowing green numbers and signals provide little reassurance to millions of Americans who are priced out of owning stock. Ultimately, Mr. Speaker, a lack of work, as well as a lack of assurance in the security of government guardrails and earned benefits, can take a life-di-minishing toll. Mr. Speaker, I have many seniors who write to me and suggest to us in pretty clear terms that they aren’t en-titled to their own money. We throw the language around of entitlements, referring to programs where people set aside money into government savings programs or were given guarantee of healthcare. That is not an entitlement. That is something people worked for. Many persons with difficult jobs de-serving of both dignity and earned ben-efits sometimes are those who are for-gotten. I approached my door recently, Mr. Speaker, here in D.C. at my office, and there was a large crowd of men who had gathered, and they were all in camouflaged T-shirts waiting outside. b1745 All of us here experience a number of visitors from our home States. Some-times, in my office, people have to stack up outside in the hallway, as we are trying to accommodate people. But as I got closer, I noticed that the front of these T-shirts that these men had on read, ‘‘United Mine Workers.’’ I thought, that is unusual to see Nebras-kans wearing United Mine Workers T- shirts. But it turns out they were actu-ally waiting for my neighbor, who is from the State of Kentucky. Neverthe-less, I greeted these men, and we began a meaningful conversation about work and security and fairness. These men had spent their lives in hard jobs. I am sure they toiled, very proudly, to make a reasonable living for their families, but they all now showed real signs of physical fatigue. They were in Washington making a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.075 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1173 February 14, 2018 
plea for their pensions, which are fac-ing dramatic reductions. A similar sit-uation does exist in Nebraska for an-other group of workers. These people worked for a guarantee: that they would be provided for—when they could work no more. But, given a confluence of factors, their pensions face a dramatic shortfall, and, frankly, it is not fair. I lived for several years as a younger man in the area where these gentlemen had come from, in a town that had lost half of its population in 20 years, in what is called the old industrial Rust Belt, where the post-World War II eco-nomic boom built a thriving, stable community, but now where globalized supply-side theory has had its most dramatic degenerating economic effect. I said to one of these men, ‘‘You know, I know where you come from,’’ and one of the men and I hugged. Mr. Speaker, our country is in pain. Epic hurricanes and floods; escalating urban violence; an opioid epidemic among those self-medicating their own mental, physical, and financial an-guish; combine this with a broken healthcare construct, and the lingering after-effects of a bitterly fought last electoral season have torn America’s heart. In a vibrantly healthy society, though, there should be space for what I call marketplace fluidity and cre-ativity and innovation. A person who has an idea and the drive should be able to pursue it. The benefits accrue, of course, to this person as the inven-tor, but also the buyer of those serv-ices, the community, and those who gave the effort in the building of this product or service. So a healthy economy is two things at once: it is individualistic and it is community-oriented at the same time. Innovation and competition can be dis-ruptive, but they must be set within a fair set of rules. When a system stacks to the wealthi-est, or is outsourced by faceless cor-porations in the name of advancing quarterly profits, exploiting the poor elsewhere and damaging the environ-ment elsewhere, where there is a lax legal foundation and, therefore, an in-direct subsidy to the means of produc-tion, and the externality costs are borne by persons elsewhere in the forms of shorter lives and the effects of pollution, it sets in motion not only difficulties in other places, but here—a loss of jobs, lost community cohesion, and a breakdown of life’s stability. Tie this to the loss of the formative insti-tutions of family life, faith life, and civic life, and we drift. We drift with-out a national narrative. It makes it much more difficult to respond holis-tically in the midst of tragedy to our greater challenges and problems. For a moment, I want to speak about a person who participated in one of my telephone townhalls. She told me she is an architect, her husband is an archi-tect, and they were very interested in starting an architectural firm on their own, but they can’t. Why can’t they? They have the education, they have the drive, they want to be innovative and disruptive, they want to do creative work with their own two hands and take the risk necessary to provide something new and novel in the mar-ketplace. They have a sick child. So by the time they go onto the individual insur-ance market and try to obtain insur-ance for themselves, knowing that they are going to have to pay the full deductibles and copays, that bill—and this was a little while back, I suspect it is higher now—the bill was going to be close to $30,000. So before they even open their door, they have an upfront cost of $30,000, just for a little bit of personal protection. So what happens? They stay put. They are tethered to institutions that may not be as gratifying to them. Soci-ety loses from their inability to take that risk and provide that product out in the market, because they are teth-ered, they are handcuffed, to a benefit called healthcare that a large institu-tion can provide, but the small entre-preneur can’t. This makes no sense. We have some specific ideas on this, and we are working to grow a bipar-tisan working group to make proper changes potentially in that individual insurance market, whereby people can pool together more easily, where there is a better type of major medical prod-uct out there that would be a lot less expensive, and, perhaps, using an idea that was embedded in the healthcare debate earlier this year, where the gov-ernment provides a stabilizing reinsur-ance model so that the market can ac-tually work within a certain bandwidth where the sickest person pays the same rate, but is protected from excess ex-pense by a more direct government subsidy. This makes sense. Think about the entrepreneurial potential that then would be released, creating oppor-tunity, more jobs, better products. We are constraining ourselves for no rea-son here. I hope that this chapter can unfold in the coming weeks, as some people of goodwill are trying to work through this, and there is significant interest, I feel, on both sides of the aisle. You just have to break through it. Mr. Speaker, we are also, from my perspective, living in a paradoxical age where we are more and more dependent upon big business for information flow and consumer goods, and, at the same time, we are more and more skeptical of this model. I was trained in an era where eco-nomic language was cast in terms of ef-ficiency and optimization, economies of scale, production capacity, inputs, the free flow of capital and labor, and on and on, all the vocabulary of eco-nomic academic theory. These are ana-lytical and mechanical terms nec-essary for understanding market func-tion, but they lack a connection to any deeper purpose. Ultimately, a properly functioning market is a connector of community, a delivery mechanism for material well- being, and an opportunity enhancer for individual initiative and rewarding work. These classical economic expres-sions lack a deeper understanding of the ultimate purpose of production. I once asked a professor when I was young: Who does a normative analysis? Who asked the question, ‘‘What ought to be?’’ What institution is doing that? He said: No one. Mr. Speaker, you are a fairly young man. You know this as well. We are long past the age when working one’s entire career in the same large cor-poration guaranteed security and well- being is finished. The current corporate construct is desperately driven and hopelessly fragmented by quarterly profit mandates. Short-term decisions overrule long- term strategy. While this is occasion-ally brought to heel by scandal and malfeasance, most multinationals are no longer tethered to a face or a place, so they pitch us on TV and print with caring images, and kindly deem us wor-thy to help with their chosen causes, and then major cities with major air-ports become the hub, and the rest of us have to just buy it. Now, lest I sound too critical, large businesses certainly retain a necessary space in producing certain types of goods and large-scale industrial prod-ucts, and can provide exciting oppor-tunity. That is all true and necessary. But I also think we are on the front end of something, Mr. Speaker. There is a hunger for the next economic trend to reorient around the revitalization of Main Street, including local foods, sus-tainable energy production, smarter services, and smaller scale manufac-turing, recreating that long lost sense of place in our communities. Imagine a new urbanism of an eco-nomic ecosystem with friendly neigh-borhoods, nearby centers of smaller scale, microbusinesses, contextually appropriate architecture, and a bur-geoning supply of easily accessible pub-lic space. We see this trend developing, and, frankly, it is very exciting. Now, we had a bill recently in which we took an important vote here on tax reform, and I believe this is going to help. I believe that tax reform legisla-tion will help rebalance a number of business inequities, particularly for small business where most jobs come from. It is estimated that the average Ne-braska family of four will receive more than a $2,000 extra benefit in their pocket from the immediate impact of the tax bill and the relief that they will get. And then over time, due to in-creased wages, that will translate into about a $4,000 benefit. I think this is important because Americans need a break, especially working men and women trying to get a bit ahead and trying to provide for their family well. But for many, it is also harder and harder. As we said, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.077 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1174 February 14, 2018 
many Americans are living paycheck to paycheck. That is not fully a Tax Code problem. It is the harsh reality of social fragmentation, downward mobil-ity, the rising cost of living, and sky-rocketing income disparity driven by inequitable globalization and con-centrations of economic power. These forces have not fundamentally bene-fited us fully, and they have left mil-lions of people behind. I think this tax reform measure is important because it particularly re-balances the perverse incentive to off-shore. In addition to putting more money in the pockets of hardworking Americans, it does support the revitalization of Main Street and the return of the ‘‘Made in America’’ label. This legislation also provided a rea-soned progress in an attempt to make the Tax Code simpler and fairer and to resolve this convoluted set of problems that overburdened people, families, and small businesses across the Nation. I think this is important because we are living in an age where we can’t keep pushing the same policies over and over and expect them to fit into a 21st century architecture of well-being and successful living. Moving forward, I believe the source and the strength of the American econ-omy will be in this new urbanism of small business in which entrepreneurs from village to city add value through small-scale manufacturing, innovative new products, or brokering in repair services. Now, we do anticipate a spike in the initial deficit from the tax bill, but we are already seeing a surge of revitaliza-tion and possibility of economic oppor-tunity. Given this reorientation of the tax policy around the family, hope-fully, with the entrepreneurial momen-tum, we will generate more jobs, earn-ings, and reverse this downward trend in small business formation. Less tax, more taxpayers, more revenue over time, that is the calculation. b1800 As more opportunity appears, more persons should also be able to transi-tion from important support mecha-nisms and systems into meaningful work. Now, this tax reform attempts to be sensitive to the needs of all Americans as it begins to push for a modernized revenue construct that no longer en-ables the complex, lawyered-up, quar-terly-driven multinationals to unjustly benefit from low taxes abroad while taking advantage of tax loopholes here. It rebalances the perverse incentives to offshore. At the same time, it uses the carrot of lower corporate rates to bring foreign profits back to America, and we are already seeing the effect. So, on balance, this was a massive, historic, and necessary overhaul of our antiquated, harsh, and complicated tax system so that families cannot only get by, but maybe they can start get-ting ahead. And if we can combine this with a small business ecosystem of re-vived entrepreneurial momentum—and a part of that is the next set of poli-cies, hopefully, that will be empow-ering with a new type of healthcare product that is stable for persons who do want to enter into the formation of their own small business now but are not empowered to do so—this will only strengthen this entrepreneurial revi-talization. There is no way to calculate the held, pent-up benefit of unleashing this po-tential. Again, because we have teth-ered people to a benefit package based upon institutions that are able to af-ford it, we have drained ourselves, made ourselves weary from being able to unleash the fullness of the potential to create things with your own hands or your own intellect that are good for you, good for your family, and good for others. That is what we mean by a new small business ecosystem that has re-vived entrepreneurial momentum. Mr. Speaker, in the Middle East, the Jordan River flows into both the Sea of Galilee and the Dead Sea. There is a difference between the two bodies of seas. One of them is devoid of life. Water flows in but nothing flows out. It is dead. Abundant life requires both giving and receiving, both charity and respon-sibility. An economy that is founded upon these strengths which we have discussed tonight, supported by a right-sized government and a dedi-cated, hardworking people, can only keep growing stronger. Then, maybe— maybe—we can say, don’t you forget about me and that we will never forget about you. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
f 
CELEBRATING BLACK HISTORY MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of Jan-uary 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. A
LGREEN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minor-ity leader. 
GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I ask unanimous consent for all Members to have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks on the subject of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gen-tleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, this is February 14, Valentine’s Day, and this is but one day, of course, in the month of February, which is Black History Month. I am honored to stand here tonight to present a resolu-tion that will be filed, a Black History resolution. But I am also honored to say that a good many of my colleagues are in sup-port of Black History Month, and they deserve to have their words, their ex-pressions made known, which is why I have asked for this unanimous consent. My belief is that we will have many, many persons who are not here to-night, for legitimate reasons, who will want to make sure that they are made a part of the RECORD by and through their comments that they will submit in written word. Mr. Speaker, I am here to talk about Black History because for many years, too many years, to be quite honest, the history of Africans in the Americas, the history of Black people in America, the history of African Americans, at one time known as Negroes, this his-tory was deleted from the history books. It was said in one book that, be-cause little contributions were made to world history, there would be little mention of Africans in history. But, Mr. Speaker, we know now that this is not true, and because we know that it is not true, we seek to at least give some indication in the R
ECORD  that African Americans have made a significant contribution in America. But also, the truth is that Africans have made a contribution to world his-tory. However, tonight, this resolution will focus on and it will recognize and cele-brate Black History Month; and, in so doing, we would like to present the res-olution that will be filed at a later time. Mr. Speaker, ‘‘Whereas the theme for Black History Month 2018 is ‘African Americans in Times of War’’’—some-thing that we have not focused on to the extent that we should have, be-cause African Americans have made significant contributions to our coun-try during times of war—this theme ‘‘which commemorates the centennial of the end of the First World War in 1918, and explores the complex mean-ings and implications of this inter-national struggle and its aftermath; ‘‘Whereas this resolution will focus primarily on African Americans in the military, which is but one historically important aspect of this far-reaching exploration of African-American his-tory; ‘‘Whereas African Americans have fought for the United States through-out its history; ‘‘Whereas despite racial segregation and discrimination, African Americans have played a significant role during times of war from the colonial period forward’’—Mr. Speaker, it is inter-esting to note, as an aside now, that it was not until 1948, by Presidential ex-ecutive order, that President Truman desegregated the military. Continuing: ‘‘Whereas Crispus Attucks was a fugitive slave working outside of Boston, Massachusetts, as a sailor, and during his time off, he worked as a rope maker near the wharf; ‘‘Whereas in early 1770, competition for work and wages became stiff as British soldiers were contending for the same unskilled positions as the locals’’—that would be Crispus Attucks and other locals; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.078 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1175 February 14, 2018 
‘‘Whereas this situation created ten-sion which slowly escalated to violent confrontations; ‘‘Whereas on March 5, 1770, Attucks led a group of rope makers and sailors into a confrontation with a group of British soldiers and subsequently was shot and killed; ‘‘Whereas Crispus Attucks, a Black man, is generally considered to be the first casualty of the Revolutionary War and is remembered as the first of many notable African-American heroes; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross was born into slavery in Maryland and escaped to freedom in the North in 1849 to be-come the most famous conductor on the Underground Railroad; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross was a lead-ing abolitionist before the American Civil War and also helped the Union Army during war, working as a spy, among other roles; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross, a Black woman, guided the Combahee River Raid, which liberated more than 700 slaves in South Carolina; ‘‘Whereas Araminta Ross, better known as Harriet Tubman, was the first woman to lead an armed expedi-tion during the Civil War; ‘‘Whereas Powhatan Beaty was born a slave in Richmond, Virginia, in 1837; ‘‘Whereas when the Civil War broke out, Beaty enlisted in the Union Army; ‘‘Whereas Powhatan Beaty, a Black man, was quickly promoted to sergeant and oversaw 47 other Black recruits in noncombat jobs; ‘‘Whereas in September of 1864, Beaty’s division attacked the enemy at Chaffin’s farm, near Richmond, Vir-ginia; ‘‘Whereas with all of the other unit’s officers and most of its enlisted men dead or wounded, Beaty took over and led a second charge, driving the enemy back; ‘‘Whereas for his heroism, Powhatan Beaty, a Black man, was awarded the Medal of Honor . . . ;’’ ‘‘Whereas Benjamin Oliver Davis, Sr., entered the military service on July 13, 1898, during the Spanish-American War and, as a temporary first lieutenant of the 8th United States Volunteer Infan-try; ‘‘Whereas on June 18, 1899, he enlisted as a private in the 9th Cavalry of the Regular Army; ‘‘Whereas Davis eventually came under the command of Charles Young, whom, at the time, was the only Afri-can-American officer serving in the U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas Young took Davis under his tutelage and helped him to prepare to take his officer candidate test; ‘‘Whereas in only 2 years, he rose to sergeant major and earned a commis-sion as a second lieutenant in 1901; ‘‘Whereas Benjamin Oliver Davis, a Black man, rose through the ranks and became the first African American to achieve the rank of brigadier general in the U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas, during World War I, ap-proximately 800‘‘—no one is sure of the number—‘‘approximately 800 African Americans were killed in action; ‘‘Whereas Doris Miller enlisted in the U.S. Navy as a mess attendant’’— meaning he was a person who served those others with food and took care of the cleaning of facilities—‘‘where he served on the USS West Virginia when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941; ‘‘Whereas Miller was assigned to carry the wounded sailors to safer quarters; ‘‘Whereas he returned to the deck and picked up a 50-caliber Browning antiaircraft machine gun that he had never been trained to shoot and man-aged to shoot down enemy aircraft; ‘‘Whereas, Doris Miller, a Black man, was commended by the Secretary of the Navy and became the first African American to be presented the Navy Cross; ‘‘Whereas before 1940, African Ameri-cans were barred from flying for the U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas civil rights organizations and Black press exerted pressure on President Roosevelt, which resulted in the formation of the Tuskegee Airmen based in Tuskegee, Alabama, in 1941; ‘‘Whereas the Tuskegee Airmen in-cluded pilots, navigators, bombardiers, maintenance and support staff, instruc-tors, as well as the personnel who kept the planes and pilots in the air; ‘‘Whereas the Black Tuskegee Air-men overcame segregation and preju-dice to become one of the most highly respected groups of World War II; ‘‘Whereas the Tuskegee Airmen’s achievements helped pave the way for full integration of U.S. military; ‘‘Whereas during World War II, ap-proximately 700 African Americans were killed in action; ‘‘Whereas Cornelius Charlton, a ca-reer military man, served in the Army during the Korean war; ‘‘Whereas on June 2, 1951, his platoon encountered heavy resistance while at-tempting to take Hill 543 and the lead-er of his platoon was wounded; ‘‘Whereas Charlton took command and regrouped his men and led an as-sault on the hill; ‘‘Whereas he singlehandedly attacked and disabled the last remaining enemy gun encampments; b1815 ‘‘Whereas he subsequently died from his wounds inflicted by a grenade, but he is credited with saving much of his platoon; ‘‘Whereas Cornelius Charlton, a Black man, posthumously received the Medal of Honor for his actions near Chipo-ri, South Korea; ‘‘Whereas African Americans lit-erally fought for the right to die in de-fense of their country; ‘‘Whereas in the face of injustices, many African Americans distinguished themselves with their commitment to the noble ideals upon which the United States was founded and courageously fought for the rights and the freedom of all Americans; ‘‘Whereas the preservation and teach-ing of Black history are nationally rec-ognized due to the efforts of Dr. Carter G. Woodson and his establishment of Negro History Week, the precursor to Black History Month; ‘‘Whereas Black History Month, which represents Dr. Carter G. Woodson’s efforts to enhance knowl-edge of Black history, started through the Journal of Negro History, pub-lished by Woodson’s Association for the Study of African American Life and History; and ‘‘Whereas the month of February is officially celebrated as Black History Month, which dates back to 1926, when Dr. Carter G. Woodson set aside a spe-cial period of time in February to rec-ognize the heritage and achievements of Black Americans. ‘‘Now, therefore, be it resolved that the House of Representatives— ‘‘Recognizes the significance of Black History Month as an important time to acknowledge and celebrate the con-tributions of African Americans in the Nation’s history, and encourages the continued celebration of this month to provide an opportunity for all peoples of the United States’’—regardless of where they are from—‘‘to learn more about the past and to better under-stand the experiences that have shaped the Nation; ‘‘Recognizes that ethnic and racial diversity of the United States enriches and strengthens the Nation; and ‘‘Encourages all States to include in their year-round educational cur-riculum the history and contributions of African Americans in the United States and around the world.’’ Mr. Speaker, I am honored to say to this audience that this Congress has been very responsive to the notion of celebrating African-American history. My hope is that, once we are back in the business of approving resolutions of this type, this resolution will be taken up by the Congress of the United States of America, that it will be voted on, and that it will be passed. My hope is that this will be an indi-cation to our country that our Con-gress does truly appreciate what the African Americans have done to make America the beautiful a more beautiful America. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize this month of February as Black History Month. Black History Month is an important celebra-tion of the achievements and sacrifices of Afri-can-Americans in building our nation. Black History Month has a rich history itself, from its humble beginnings as ‘Negro Aware-ness Week’, celebrated in February to coin-cide with the birth months of both Frederick Douglass and President Lincoln, the expan-sion to a month was first celebrated at Kent State University in 1970, before being officially recognized by President Gerald Ford in 1976, who said that it was a ‘seize the opportunity to honor the too-often neglected accomplish-ments of Black Americans in every area of en-deavor throughout our history’. February has 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:24 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\K14FE7.080 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1176 February 14, 2018 
been officially designated as Black History Month by every President since, and while the month is not itself sufficient to honor the leg-acies of African-Americans, it makes a good start. This year is especially important, as is this day, as we honor the 200th birthday of Fred-erick Douglass, a towering presence in Afri-can-American history. Born into slavery, se-cretly teaching himself to read and write, Fred-erick Douglass would become a powerful voice for abolition, and for the equality of all people. But during this month, we must honor not only Frederick Douglass and the other leading figures of our movement, but also the thou-sands of ordinary African-Americans who formed the tide that swept slavery from our nation, the many people who continue in the effort to eradicate racism today, and all those who will do so in the future. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend A
L G
REEN for convening this special order ses-sion, so that we can appropriately honor Black History Month, and recognize the sacrifice and courage of African-Americans throughout our nation’s history. 
f 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of ab-sence was granted to: Mr. L
OBIONDO (at the request of Mr. M
CCARTHY ) for today after 1:30 p.m. and for February 15 on account of at-tending a family funeral. Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN (at the re-quest of Ms. P
ELOSI ) for today. 
f 
BILLS PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on February 9, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the fol-lowing bills: 
H.R. 1892. To amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. H.R. 1301. Making appropriations for the Department of Defense the fiscal year ending September 30,2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 582. To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9-1-1 with-out dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speak-er, I move that the House do now ad-journ. The motion was agreed to; accord-ingly (at 6 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, February 15, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 3982. A letter from the Congressional Re-view Coordinator, Animal and Plant Heath Inspection Service, Department of Agri-culture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Standardizing Phytosanitary Treat-ment Regulations: Approval of Cold Treat-ment and Irradiation Facilities; Cold Treat-ment Schedules; Establishment of Fumiga-tion and Cold Treatment Compliance Agree-ments [Docket No.: APHIS-2013-0081] (RIN: 0579-AD90) received February 12, 2018, pursu-ant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104- 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Agriculture. 3983. A letter from the Acting Under Sec-retary of Defense for Research and Engineer-ing, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s Calendar Year 2017 reports to describe activities under the Secretary of Defense Personnel Management Demonstra-tion Project authorities for the Department of Defense Science and Technology Reinven-tion Laboratories, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2358 note; Public Law 110-181, Sec. 1107(d); (122 Stat. 358); to the Committee on Armed Serv-ices. 3984. A letter from the Associate General Counsel for Legislation and Regulations, Of-fice of Policy, Development and Research, Department of Housing and Urban Develop-ment, transmitting the Department’s in-terim final rule — Federal Policy for the Protection of Human Subjects: Delay of the Revisions to the Federal Policy for the Pro-tection of Human Subjects [Docket No.: FR- 6077-I-01] received February 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3985. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmit-ting the Agency’s final rule — 2018-2020 En-terprise Housing Goals (RIN: 2590-AA81) re-ceived February 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 3986. A letter from the Secretary, Depart-ment of Education, transmitting the Depart-ment’s final regulations — Student Assist-ance General Provisions, Federal Perkins Loan Program, Federal Family Education Loan Program, William D. Ford Federal Di-rect Loan Program, and Teacher Education Assistance of College and Higher Education Grant Program [Docket ID: ED-2017-OPE- 0112] (RIN: 1840-AD28) received February 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 3987. A letter from the Chairman, Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s Occupa-tional Safety and Health Review Commis-sion report for Fiscal Year 2017, pursuant to the Buy American Act, 41 U.S.C. 10a(b); to the Committee on Education and the Work-force. 3988. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commis-sion, transmitting the Commission’s direct final rule — Revision to Children’s Gasoline Burn Prevention Act Regulation [Docket No.: CPSC-2015-0006] received February 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3989. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Arkan-sas; Infrastructure State Implementation Plan Requirements for the National Ambient Air Quality Standards [EPA-R06-OAR-2017- 0435; FRL-9973-23-Region 6] received Feb-ruary 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3990. A letter from the Director, Regu-latory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agen-cy’s final rule — OHIO: Final Authorization of State Hazardous Waste Management Pro-gram Revision [EPA-R05-RCRA-2017-0381; FRL-9974-25-Region 5] received February 9, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3991. A letter from the General Counsel, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Emergency Preparedness and Operations Re-liability Standards [Docket No.: RM17-12-000; Order No.: 840] received February 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104-121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. 3992. A letter from the Chairman, United States Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, transmitting the Board’s report ti-tled, ‘‘A Report to Congress and the Sec-retary of Energy on Management and Dis-posal of U.S. Department of Energy Spent Nuclear Fuel’’, pursuant to the Nuclear Waste Policy Amendments Act of 1987, Pub-lic Law 100-203; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 3993. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s Supple-mental Report to Congress on Market Data for overseas Cost-of-Living Adjustments, pursuant to Public Law 114-323, Sec. 411; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 3994. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a determination by the Sec-retary to exercise the authority to waive the restriction on assistance under Sec. 620(q) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 with re-spect to Antigua and Barbuda; to the Com-mittee on Foreign Affairs. 3995. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-255, ‘‘Washington Metrorail Safe-ty Commission Board of Directors Appoint-ment Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3996. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-254, ‘‘East End Grocery and Re-tail Incentive Tax Exemption Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3997. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-253 ‘‘Jackson School Lease Re-newal Authorization Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3998. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-252, ‘‘East End Commercial Real Property Tax Rate Reduction Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 3999. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-251, ‘‘General Obligation Bonds and Bond Anticipation Notes for Fiscal Years 2018-2023 Authorization Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4000. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-250, ‘‘Africare Real Property Tax Relief Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.029 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1177 February 14, 2018 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4001. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-249, ‘‘Electric Vehicle Public In-frastructure Expansion Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4002. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-248, ‘‘Bicycle and Pedestrian Safety Clarification Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4003. A letter from the Chairman, Council of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 22-247, ‘‘National Community Rein-vestment Coalition Real Property Tax Ex-emption Amendment Act of 2018’’, pursuant to Public Law 93-198, Sec. 602(c)(1); (87 Stat. 814); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4004. A letter from the Acting Director, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s Strategic Plan for Fiscal Years 2018-2022, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 103-62, Sec. 3(a) (as amend-ed by Public Law 111-352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4005. A letter from the Assistant Director, OSD SEMO, Department of Defense, trans-mitting forty (40) notifications of a federal vacancy, designation of acting officer, nomi-nation, action on nomination, change in pre-viously submitted reported information, or discontinuation of service in acting role, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105- 277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681-614); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4006. A letter from the Acting Chief Finan-cial Officer, Department of Homeland Secu-rity, transmitting the Department’s Annual Performance Report for Fiscal Years 2017- 2019, Annual Performance Plan, and Annual Performance Report, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4007. A letter from the Acting Director and General Counsel, Office of Government Eth-ics, transmitting the Office’s Strategic Plan for FY 2018-22, Congressional Budget Jus-tification for 2019, Annual Performance Plan for FY 2018 and 2019, and Annual Perform-ance Report for FY 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867) and 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 103-62, Sec. 3(a) (as amended by Public Law 111-352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866); to the Com-mittee on Oversight and Government Re-form. 4008. A letter from the Chairman, United States International Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Strategic Plan for fiscal years 2018-22, combined An-nual Performance Plan for FY 2018-19, and Annual Performance Report for FY 2017, and Budget Justification for FY 2019, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1115(b); Public Law 111-352, Sec. 3; (124 Stat. 3867) and 5 U.S.C. 306(a); Public Law 103-62, Sec. 3(a) (as amended by Public Law 111-352, Sec. 2); (124 Stat. 3866); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally re-ferred, as follows: 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi (for himself, Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. R
ICHMOND , and Mrs. D EMINGS ): H.R. 5011. A bill to protect elections for public office by providing financial support and enhanced security for the infrastructure used to carry out such elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Com-mittees on Homeland Security, Intelligence (Permanent Select), the Judiciary, and For-eign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. ROKITA (for himself, Mr. M
ARINO , and Mr. B ABIN): H.R. 5012. A bill to provide further tax re-lief for Americans receiving bonuses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. OLSON (for himself, Mr. C
ON-
NOLLY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B
EYER , Ms. C HENEY , Mr. D UNN, and Mr. H
ARRIS ): H.R. 5013. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to clarify liability pro-tections regarding emergency use of auto-mated external defibrillators; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUTHERFORD (for himself, Mr. B
ILIRAKIS , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. D
ESANTIS , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. M AST, Mr. F
RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. R OSS, and Mr. Y OHO): H.R. 5014. A bill to provide for a morato-rium on oil and gas leasing and exploration on the outer Continental Shelf off the coast of Florida until 2029, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, Mr. M
CGOVERN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. N
ORTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D
EFAZIO, Ms. W ASSERMAN  S
CHULTZ , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Ms. M
CCOLLUM , Ms. T
SONGAS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. C ON-
NOLLY , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q
UIGLEY , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S LAUGH -
TER, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. P
INGREE , Ms. L EE, Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. N
OLAN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, Mr. C
ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. D
ELAURO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRIS-
HAM of New Mexico, Ms. E STYof Con-necticut, and Ms. K
APTUR ): H.R. 5015. A bill to direct the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency to take certain actions related to pesticides that may affect pollinators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ag-riculture. By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 5016. A bill to direct the Secretary of Transportation to establish a Revitalize Rural America Grant Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transpor-tation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdic-tion of the committee concerned. By Ms. FUDGE (for herself, Mr. E
VANS , and Ms. L
EE): H.R. 5017. A bill to amend the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994 to reauthorize the Healthy Food Financing Ini-tiative, and for other purposes; to the Com-mittee on Agriculture. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5018. A bill to carry out pilot pro-grams to improve skills and job training, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. N
ADLER , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. C
ONNOLLY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. J OHN-
SON of Georgia, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. B
ARRAGA ´N, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. C
AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. P
AYNE , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. V
ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. C LAY, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. B EYER , Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Il-linois, Mr. C
ICILLINE , and Mr. G
ALLEGO ): H.R. 5019. A bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to require a quarterly report on security clearances for individuals working in the White House or the Executive Office of the President, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5020. A bill to provide for the estab-lishment of a Department of Education pro-gram to award grants to secondary schools that establish a project to encourage stu-dents in their junior and senior school years to experience career and technical education courses at a community college, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Edu-cation and the Workforce. By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5021. A bill to require the Adminis-trator of the Drug Enforcement Administra-tion to make publicly available on the website of the Drug Enforcement Adminis-tration a report on the sale of controlled substances and controlled substance ana-logues by means of the Internet; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Commerce, and in ad-dition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consider-ation of such provisions as fall within the ju-risdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARSHALL (for himself, Mr. T
HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B
USTOS , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 5022. A bill to amend the Food Secu-rity Act of 1985 to authorize funding for the voluntary public access and habitat incen-tive program; to the Committee on Agri-culture. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5023. A bill to designate the Civil War Defenses of Washington National Historical Park comprised of certain National Park System lands, and by affiliation and cooper-ative agreements other historically signifi-cant resources, located in the District of Co-lumbia, Virginia, and Maryland, that were part of the Civil War defenses of Washington and related to the Shenandoah Valley Cam-paign of 1864, to study ways in which the Civil War history of both the North and South can be assembled, arrayed, and con-veyed for the benefit of the public, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5024. A bill to exclude the species known as bullet tuna and frigate tuna from the standard of identity established for canned tuna, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5025. A bill to amend the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Convention Imple-mentation Act to limit the imposition of penalties against a person fishing on a United States flag fishing vessel in certain areas of the Pacific Ocean based on a report by an observer on such a vessel; to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN (for herself and Ms. B
ORDALLO ): 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14FE7.000 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSEH1178 February 14, 2018 
H.R. 5026. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to waive certain re-quirements for naturalization for American Samoan United States nationals to become United States citizens, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall with-in the jurisdiction of the committee con-cerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself and Miss R
ICEof New York): H.R. 5027. A bill to amend chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that using drugs or illegal substances to cause a person to engage in a commercial sex act constitutes coercion and using drugs or ille-gal substances to provide or obtain the labor or services of a person constitutes forced labor; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5028. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require disclosure of payments for settlements of disputes regard-ing sexual abuse and certain types of harass-ment and discrimination, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Financial Serv-ices. By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5029. A bill to amend the National Ag-ricultural Research, Extension, and Teach-ing Policy Act of 1977 to require the spe-cialty crops committee to make an addi-tional recommendation regarding agricul-tural technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. PETERS (for himself, Mr. I
SSA, Mr. C
A´RDENAS , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G RI-
JALVA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHN-
SONof Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. M CGOV-
ERN, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. H ASTINGS ): H. Res. 738. A resolution expressing support for designation of February 14 as World Bonobo Day; to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representa-tives, the following statements are sub-mitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitu-tion to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi: H.R. 5011. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The United States Constitution Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, that Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper. By Mr. ROKITA: H.R. 5012. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Con-stitution of the United States. By Mr. OLSON: H.R. 5013. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. RUTHERFORD: H.R. 5014. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 5015. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. ABRAHAM: H.R. 5016. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution. By Ms. FUDGE: H.R. 5017. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Aritcle I section 8 clause 3; To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. KIND: H.R. 5018. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 5019. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section VIII By Mr. LOEBSACK: H.R. 5020. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Con-stitution By Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York: H.R. 5021. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Art. I, Sec. 8 By Mr. MARSHALL: H.R. 5022. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: The ability to regulate interstate com-merce pursuant to Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 5023. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5024. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5025. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mrs. RADEWAGEN: H.R. 5026. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5027. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Exe-cution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. ROSEN: H.R. 5028. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the U.S. Constitution (‘‘To regulate Commerce . . . among the several States’’ and ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be neccessaru and proper’’) By Mr. SOTO: H.R. 5029. Congress has the power to enact this legis-lation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, of the United States Constitution. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolu-tions, as follows: 
H.R. 99: Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 113: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 365: Mr. L
UETKEMEYER . H.R. 392: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. J
OYCE of Ohio. H.R. 613: Mr. R
OTHFUS . H.R. 667: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska and Mr. B
YRNE . H.R. 676: Ms. F
RANKEL of Florida. H.R. 681: Mr. B
ISHOP of Utah, Mr. E MMER , and Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 719: Mr. R
ICEof South Carolina. H.R. 731: Mr. R
UIZ, Ms. J UDY CHUof Cali- fornia, Mr. S
HERMAN , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 757: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 795: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 809: Mr. M
CCLINTOCK . H.R. 878: Mr. B
UCK. H.R. 881: Ms. C
LARKE of New York, Mr. S
CHNEIDER , and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 909: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 959: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana and Mrs. D
INGELL . H.R. 964: Mr. B
ACON and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 1002: Mr. K
IHUEN . H.R. 1017: Mr. J
OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 1102: Mr. M
CGOVERN . H.R. 1156: Mr. F
ITZPATRICK . H.R. 1205: Mr. S
UOZZI , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, and Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 1212: Mr. E
LLISON . H.R. 1267: Mr. C
UELLAR . H.R. 1276: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. H.R. 1291: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 1300: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama and Mr. R
OGERS of Alabama. H.R. 1341: Mr. S
MITH of Nebraska. H.R. 1358: Mr. P
ETERSON . H.R. 1377: Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1447: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1494: Ms. P
LASKETT , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, and Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1515: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1516: Ms. B
ASS. H.R. 1617: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1676: Ms. T
ITUS. H.R. 1734: Ms. K
ELLY of Illinois, Ms. R OS- L
EHTINEN , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. L
ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. C LEAVER , and Ms. G
ABBARD . H.R. 1784: Mr. M
CNERNEY . H.R. 1847: Mr. A
LGREEN of Texas. H.R. 1881: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 2024: Mr. G
AETZ . H.R. 2242: Mr. D
ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 2267: Mr. B
ENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mex-ico. H.R. 2308: Mr. D
ESAULNIER and Mr. F OSTER . H.R. 2309: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 2310: Mr. B
ACON . H.R. 2319: Mr. V
ELA. H.R. 2327: Mrs. H
ARTZLER . H.R. 2366: Mr. G
UTIE´RREZ and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 2417: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 2501: Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 2659: Ms. M
ENG. H.R. 2740: Mr. S
AMJOHNSON of Texas. H.R. 2917: Mr. P
EARCE . H.R. 2987: Ms. M
ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico and Mr. P
ETERSON . 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\L14FE7.100 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — HOUSE H1179 February 14, 2018 
H.R. 3030: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. M I-
CHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. S
IRES. H.R. 3174: Mr. R
YAN of Ohio and Ms. S
INEMA . H.R. 3199: Mr. C
ARSON of Indiana. H.R. 3222: Ms. B
ASSand Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 3255: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3282: Mr. W
ITTMAN . H.R. 3301: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. J OHNSON of Lou- isiana, and Ms. S
LAUGHTER . H.R. 3349: Mr. L
IPINSKI and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . H.R. 3459: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3497: Ms. L
OFGREN . H.R. 3574: Mr. P
OCAN , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. L
OWENTHAL , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. N ORTON , Miss R
ICEof New York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S
ERRANO , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S
WALWELL of California, and Mr. T ONKO . H.R. 3600: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H.R. 3635: Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 3642: Mrs. L
OVEand Mr. I SSA. H.R. 3654: Mr. B
ROWN of Maryland, Ms. C
LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. S
LAUGHTER , and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 3681: Mr. C
OFFMAN , Mr. B ACON , and Mr. C
ARBAJAL . H.R. 3712: Ms. S
HEA-PORTER . H.R. 3714: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3738: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3790: Mr. B
RAT. H.R. 3827: Mr. B
RADY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3842: Ms. C
LARKE of New York. H.R. 3862: Mrs. W
ATSON COLEMAN . H.R. 3887: Mrs. D
INGELL and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 3889: Mr. M
ESSER . H.R. 3913: Mr. C
ONNOLLY . H.R. 3956: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 3976: Ms. S
EWELL of Alabama, Mrs. L
AWRENCE , Mr. E STES of Kansas, and Mr. B
ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 4007: Mr. M
OOLENAAR . H.R. 4013: Mr. D
ELANEY . H.R. 4062: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico and Mr. J
EFFRIES . H.R. 4099: Mr. I
SSA, Ms. E STY of Con- necticut, and Mr. L
OEBSACK . H.R. 4107: Mr. D
ELANEY , Mr. I SSA, and Mr. R
OKITA . H.R. 4144: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 4152: Mr. K
ENNEDY . H.R. 4207: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4229: Mr. C
ARTER of Georgia and Mr. K
USTOFF of Tennessee. H.R. 4240: Mr. K
EATING . H.R. 4253: Mr. K
HANNA . H.R. 4256: Mr. L
ATTA and Mr. W ITTMAN . H.R. 4260: Ms. E
STYof Connecticut. H.R. 4268: Mr. K
RISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. B
LUMENAUER . H.R. 4311: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4312: Mr. G
ROTHMAN and Mr. I SSA. H.R. 4316: Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 4345: Ms. L
OFGREN , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Ms. L
EE, Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S
ERRANO , and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 4424: Mr. W
ALZ. H.R. 4439: Mr. P
ITTENGER and Mr. S IRES. H.R. 4444: Ms. D
ELAURO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. Y
OUNG of Alaska, Mr. M ACARTHUR , and Mr. S
CHIFF . H.R. 4549: Mr. W
ILSON of South Carolina and Mr. G
ARRETT . H.R. 4563: Mr. F
LEISCHMANN . H.R. 4633: Mr. J
ODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 4657: Mr. W
ELCH and Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 4660: Mr. G
ROTHMAN . H.R. 4682: Mr. Y
OUNG of Iowa. H.R. 4706: Mr. J
OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 4732: Mr. S
UOZZI and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4734: Miss G
ONZA´LEZ-COLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 4736: Mr. O
LSON . H.R. 4747: Mr. P
ITTENGER , Mr. D UNN, Mr. L
AMALFA , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. K ELLY  of Mississippi, Mr. B
LUM, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Ms. S
PEIER , and Mr. F LORES . H.R. 4760: Mr. S
CALISE . H.R. 4763: Mr. S
OTO. H.R. 4770: Mr. G
AETZ , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. P
OSEY , Mr. B UCHANAN , and Mr. Y OHO. H.R. 4775: Mr. S
OTOand Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4809: Mr. R
OUZER . H.R. 4844: Mr. R
OKITA and Mr. G ROTHMAN . H.R. 4846: Mr. H
IGGINS of New York, Mr. R
UPPERSBERGER , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C URBELO  of Florida, Mr. C
OHEN , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. L
AWSON of Florida. H.R. 4851: Mr. MCGOVERN and Ms. W ILSON  of Florida. H.R. 4888: Ms. S
CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4903: Mr. M
ACARTHUR . H.R. 4906: Mr. D
ESAULNIER . H.R. 4910: Mr. D
UNNand Mr. D ESJARLAIS . H.R. 4916: Mr. E
STES of Kansas, Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. W
AGNER , and Mr. B IGGS. H.R. 4921: Mr. F
ASO. H.R. 4929: Mrs. B
ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. K
USTER of New Hampshire, and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 4940: Mrs. M
URPHY of Florida. H.R. 4944: Mr. C
ROWLEY , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, and Mr. O’R
OURKE . H.R. 4949: Mr. D
EUTCH , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. R
YANof Ohio, and Mr. T AYLOR . H.R. 4980: Mr. E
LLISON , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. M
OULTON , Mr. R USH, and Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 4999: Mr. M
CGOVERN and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 5005: Mrs. D
EMINGS . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. B
ABIN. H. Res. 31: Mr. G
IBBS and Mr. B ROWN of Maryland. H. Res. 129: Mr. A
BRAHAM . H. Res. 466: Mr. L
OEBSACK . H. Res. 632: Mr. C
HABOT . H. Res. 661: Mr. E
SPAILLAT . H. Res. 673: Ms. L
OFGREN . H. Res. 720: Mr. K
ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. C
LYBURN , Mr. C LAY, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. P
LASKETT . H. Res. 722: Mr. K
HANNA , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. V
ARGAS . H. Res. 733: Mr. M
ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn- sylvania. f 
PETITIONS, ETC. Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
79. The SPEAKER presented a petition of the Board of Supervisors of Jackson County, Mississippi, relative to a resolution sup-porting Gulf of Mexico Energy and Revenue Sharing; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Natural Resources. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4634 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE7.031 H14FEPT1lotter on DSKBCFDHB2PROD with HOUSE
Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S929 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2018 No. 29 
Senate 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable T
HOM T
ILLIS , a Senator from the State of North Carolina. 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Almighty God, the fountain of wis-dom, thank You for this season of pen-ance and personal reflection. Lord, as we remember that the last time Ash Wednesday and Valentine’s Day fell on the same day—it was 1945—we thank You for the many challenging seasons through which You have brought this Nation and world. As we continue to depend upon the power of Your pre-vailing providence, deliver us from ma-joring in minors. Bless our lawmakers. As they commit themselves to You, make them a voice for the voiceless and a help for the helpless. May they make it their first priority to fulfill Your purposes for their lives. We pray in Your sacred Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). The senior assistant legislative clerk read the following letter: 
U.S. S ENATE , P
RESIDENT PRO TEMPORE , Washington, DC, February 14, 2018. To the Senate: Under the provisions of rule I, paragraph 3, of the Standing Rules of the Senate, I hereby appoint the Honorable THOM TILLIS , a Sen- ator from the State of North Carolina, to perform the duties of the Chair. O
RRIN G. H ATCH , President pro tempore. 
Mr. TILLIS thereupon assumed the Chair as Acting President pro tempore. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader is recog-nized. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, it is now Wednesday morning of the week the Senate set aside to debate DACA, border security, interior enforcement, and other immigration issues. I prom-ised I would clear the way to debate these matters this week, and I have. I promised I would ensure a fair amend-ment process in which both sides could offer legislation for discussion and votes, and I have. Just yesterday, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus re-leased a letter thanking me for keeping my commitment and urged the Senate to resolve this issue quickly. But we haven’t even been able to get started yet. We haven’t even been able to get started. Yesterday, I tried twice to open the debate and start the vot-ing. Both times, my Democratic col-leagues objected. I am a little per-plexed, frankly, by the holdup. My Democratic colleagues have spent months—months, as we all know—de-manding that the Senate take up this issue. They even shut down the govern-ment—shut down the government un-necessarily, I might add—in order to secure this very week for this discus-sion. But now that the time has come to make law instead of just making points, they are stalling. Why? Why, after months and months spent de-manding that the Senate take up this issue, do they now object to even start-ing the debate? Because they know, no matter how long they spend in closed- door negotiations, they can’t change the fact that the President has spelled out a fair and generous framework that will be necessary to earn his signature. These guys can’t take yes for an an-swer. So instead of moving to fulfill our promises and address the DACA issue, they haven’t even allowed the debate to begin. There is a widespread desire in this Chamber to find a resolution for the il-legal immigrants who were brought to this country as children—widespread agreement on that—but common sense dictates that we cannot simply treat one symptom of our broken immigra-tion policy in complete isolation. We must address the underlying problems as well. That means fixing broken parts of our legal immigration system. We must also ensure the safety of the American people. That is why a DACA resolution should be paired with new security measures at our borders and commonsense steps to improve secu-rity inside our borders, steps like fix-ing the loophole that forces us to re-lease thousands of criminal aliens whose home countries won’t take them back, steps like enacting Kate’s Law to put criminal offenders who repeatedly and illegally cross our borders behind bars, cracking down with stiffer pen-alties for human trafficking, and up-dating the removability grounds for drug traffickers, repeat drunk drivers, gang members, sex offenders, and other violent and dangerous criminals. Why in the world would those ideas be con-troversial? Keeping Americans safe does not need to be a partisan issue, and ad-dressing these important safety issues along with DACA, border security, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.000 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES930 February 14, 2018 
other parts of our broken immigration system is our best chance to produce legislation that can pass the House, pass the Senate, and earn the Presi-dent’s signature. This is why the pro-posal put forward by Senator G
RASSLEY  and others, which draws on the Presi-dent’s generous framework and which the President has officially endorsed, has my support, because presumably we will actually make a law here. I have made no effort—none—to tell Democrats what amendments they should offer. Of course, they shouldn’t try to dictate Republican amendments either. The longer my colleagues across the aisle refuse to come to the table, the longer they are unable to produce any legislation they actually support, the lower the odds that we can arrive at a legislative solution this week. Yesterday alone, the Senate was open for 9 hours—yesterday alone, 9 hours. Nine hours we could have spent proc-essing amendments and proceeding to votes. Nine hours down the drain be-cause Democrats won’t let us start the debate they have spent months de-manding. Now that we can finally proceed to consider the underlying bill this morn-ing, I hope my colleagues across the aisle will come to the table. The Presi-dent has made clear what principles must be addressed if we are going to make a law instead of merely making political points. While our Democratic colleagues can no longer prevent the Senate from starting the debate, they can continue to delay votes on amendments. I hope that won’t happen. 
f 
INFRASTRUCTURE Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on Monday, President Trump unveiled his proposal to improve America’s infra-structure. Today he will host com-mittee chairmen and ranking members at the White House for a bipartisan, bi-cameral meeting on that subject. I am grateful the President is prioritizing this and reaching across the aisle. Experts agree that America’s aging infrastructure needs a lot of help. Na-tionwide, 9.1 percent of our bridges are considered structurally deficient, and 13.6 percent are considered functionally obsolete. One recent study suggests that road congestion costs us $160 bil-lion a year—for road congestion. The answer is not simply to throw new money at old problems. It took American workers less time to build great skyscrapers, start to fin-ish, than it now takes bureaucrats to review—not even build, but review— proposals for new bridges and road-ways. We need to streamline regula-tions, reform the permitting process, and get government out of the way wherever possible. Once projects are proposed, they should be reviewed in a safe but reasonable amount of time and then completed as quickly and cost ef-fectively as possible. This is a prime opportunity for bipar-tisan cooperation. Our last three high-way bills, our last three WRDA bills, and our last three FAA bills all passed the Senate easily, averaging more than 80 votes. I hope we can renew that con-sensus when the time comes. f 
TAX REFORM Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, on one final matter, for 8 years under President Obama, our economy didn’t perform as well as it should have. America’s wages and salaries hardly grew. Many job creators sat on the sidelines, wary of new tax increases or heavy-handed regulations. Washington had its foot on the brake. Last year, all that changed. President Trump and this Republican Congress set out to make life easier for workers and for job creators. We cut regulations and passed tax reform to give middle-class families immediate relief and set the stage for more hiring and more wage growth in the years ahead. I recently heard from a small family- owned inland river shipyard in Ash-land, KY, along the Ohio River. They build and repair commercial barges. Here is what their president wrote. He said: ‘‘Thanks to the tax change and optimism of our customers, we are at long last able to replace equipment which has been used way past [its] life expectancy and possibly add two more production workers.’’ Last week a Louisville employer dropped by to tell me how he is using his tax reform savings: $1,000 bonuses for more than 100 Kentucky employees. Small companies and big business alike are thrilled that they finally have a 21st-century tax code. It makes them more competitive with overseas rivals and frees up more money to in-vest right here at home, and middle- class workers are reaping the rewards. Major national companies like Pfizer and Home Depot, which together em-ploy more than half a million Ameri-cans, have announced hundreds of mil-lions of dollars in employee bonuses— again, thanks to tax reform. Just this week, MetLife announced a major new investment in 50,000-plus employees. The company is raising its minimum wage, enhancing benefits, boosting retirement contributions, and creating a skills development fund. In short, MetLife is betting big on U.S. workers, and so are the more than 300 other companies that have already an-nounced major investments in their employees and in their facilities—right here in America, right here, thanks to historic tax reform. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Morning business is closed. f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERI-CANS ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Under the previous order, the Senate will resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579, which the clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. All postcloture time is expired. The question is on agreeing to the motion to proceed. The motion was agreed to. 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERICANS ACT The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report the bill. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A bill (H.R. 2579) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Iowa. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1959 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1959. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Iowa [Mr. G RASSLEY ] proposes an amendment numbered 1959. 
Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The majority leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1948 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1959 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I call up the Toomey amendment No. 1948 to the Grassley amendment No. 1959. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from Kentucky [Mr. M CCON-
NELL ], for Mr. T OOMEY , proposes an amend-ment numbered 1948 to amendment No. 1959. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amend-ment be dispensed with. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.002 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S931 February 14, 2018 
The amendment is as follows: 
(Purpose: To ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are illegally present in the United States) At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STOP DANGEROUS SANCTUARY CITIES ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cit-ies Act’’. (b) E
NSURING THAT LOCAL AND FEDERAL  L
AWENFORCEMENT OFFICERS MAYCOOPERATE  
TOSAFEGUARD OURCOMMUNITIES .— (1) A
UTHORITY TO COOPERATE WITH FEDERAL  
OFFICIALS .—A State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivision that complies with a detainer issued by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) shall be deemed to be acting as an agent of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; and (B) with regard to actions taken to comply with the detainer, shall have all authority available to officers and employees of the Department of Homeland Security. (2) L
EGAL PROCEEDINGS .—In any legal pro-ceeding brought against a State, a political subdivision of a State, or an officer, em-ployee, or agent of such State or political subdivision, which challenges the legality of the seizure or detention of an individual pur-suant to a detainer issued by the Depart-ment of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (A) no liability shall lie against the State or political subdivision of a State for actions taken in compliance with the detainer; and (B) if the actions of the officer, employee, or agent of the State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the de-tainer— (i) the officer, employee, or agent shall be deemed— (I) to be an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment and an investigative or law enforce-ment officer; and (II) to have been acting within the scope of his or her employment under section 1346(b) and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; (ii) section 1346(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall provide the exclusive remedy for the plaintiff; and (iii) the United States shall be substituted as defendant in the proceeding. (3) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to provide im-munity to any person who knowingly vio-lates the civil or constitutional rights of an individual. (c) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTION DEFINED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided under paragraph (2), for purposes of this section the term ‘‘sanctuary jurisdiction’’ means any State or political subdivision of a State that has in effect a statute, ordinance, policy, or practice that prohibits or restricts any gov-ernment entity or official from— (A) sending, receiving, maintaining, or ex-changing with any Federal, State, or local government entity information regarding the citizenship or immigration status (lawful or unlawful) of any individual; or (B) complying with a request lawfully made by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity under section 236 or 287 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) to comply with a detainer for, or notify about the release of, an individual. (2) EXCEPTION .—A State or political sub-division of a State shall not be deemed a sanctuary jurisdiction based solely on its having a policy whereby its officials will not share information regarding, or comply with a request made by the Department of Home-land Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357) to comply with a detainer re-garding, an individual who comes forward as a victim or a witness to a criminal offense. (d) S
ANCTUARY JURISDICTIONS INELIGIBLE  
FORCERTAIN FEDERAL FUNDS .— (1) E
CONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
GRANTS .— (A) G
RANTS FOR PUBLIC WORKS AND ECO -
NOMIC DEVELOPMENT .—Section 201(b) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3141(b)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) the area in which the project is to be carried out is not a sanctuary jurisdiction (as defined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dan-gerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (B) G
RANTS FOR PLANNING AND ADMINISTRA -
TION.—Section 203(a) of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3143(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A sanctuary jurisdiction (as de-fined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act) may not be deemed an eligible recipient under this subsection.’’. (C) S
UPPLEMENTARY GRANTS .—Section 205(a) of the Public Works and Economic De-velopment Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3145(a)) is amended— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) will be carried out in an area that does not contain a sanctuary jurisdiction (as de-fined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (D) G
RANTS FOR TRAINING , RESEARCH , AND 
TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 207 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3147) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(c) I
NELIGIBILITY OF SANCTUARY JURISDIC -
TIONS .—Grants funds under this section may not be used to provide assistance to a sanc-tuary jurisdiction (as defined in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act).’’. (2) C
OMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT BLOCK  
GRANTS .—Title I of the Housing and Commu-nity Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 102(a) (42 U.S.C. 5302(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(25) The term ‘sanctuary jurisdiction’ has the meaning provided in subsection (c) of the Stop Dangerous Sanctuary Cities Act.’’. (B) in section 104 (42 U.S.C. 5304)— (i) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (II) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (III) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: ‘‘(6) the grantee is not a sanctuary juris-diction and will not become a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which the grantee receives a grant under this title; and’’. (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) P
ROTECTION OF INDIVIDUALS AGAINST  C
RIME.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No funds authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title may be obligated or expended for any State or unit of general local government that is a sanctuary jurisdiction. ‘‘(2) RETURNED AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(A) S
TATE .—If a State is a sanctuary ju-risdiction during the period for which it re-ceives amounts under this title, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(i) shall direct the State to immediately return to the Secretary any such amounts that the State received for that period; and ‘‘(ii) shall reallocate amounts returned under clause (i) for grants under this title to other States that are not sanctuary jurisdic-tions. ‘‘(B) U
NIT OF GENERAL LOCAL GOVERN -
MENT .—If a unit of general local government is a sanctuary jurisdiction during the period for which it receives amounts under this title, any such amounts that the unit of gen-eral local government received for that pe-riod— ‘‘(i) in the case of a unit of general local government that is not in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Secretary for grants under this title to States and other units of general local government that are not sanctuary jurisdictions; and ‘‘(ii) in the case of a unit of general local government that is in a nonentitlement area, shall be returned to the Governor of the State for grants under this title to other units of general local government in the State that are not sanctuary jurisdictions. ‘‘(C) R
EALLOCATION RULES .—In reallocating amounts under subparagraphs (A) and (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) apply the relevant allocation formula under subsection (b), with all sanctuary ju-risdictions excluded; and ‘‘(ii) shall not be subject to the rules for re-allocation under subsection (c).’’. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—This subsection and the amendments made by this subsection shall take effect on October 1, 2018. 
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1958 (Purpose: In the nature of a substitute.) 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I call up amendment No. 1958 to the language proposed to be stricken. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
The Senator from New York [Mr. S CHUMER ] proposes an amendment numbered 1958 to the language proposed to be stricken by amendment No. 1959. 
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. (The amendment is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Illinois. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1955 TO AMENDMENT NO . 1958 (Purpose: To provide relief from removal and adjustment of status of certain individ-uals who are long-term United States resi-dents and who entered the United States be-fore reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America, and for other purposes.) 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I call up the Coons amendment No. 1955 to the Schumer amendment No. 1958. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will report. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.004 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES932 February 14, 2018 
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. D URBIN ], for Mr. C
OONS , proposes an amendment num-bered 1955 to amendment No. 1958. 
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reading of the amendment be dispensed with. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. (The amendment is printed in the R
ECORD of Tuesday, February 13, 2018, under ‘‘Text of Amendments.’’) 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Democratic leader is recog-nized. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, as we enter the second day of the debate on immigration, everyone should be fo-cused on finding a bill to protect the Dreamers and address border security that can get 60 votes. That is the ball game. The majority leader’s desire to vote on an unrelated, partisan immigration bill—legislation that is not only silent on Dreamers but is silent on border se-curity as well—is not a productive way to begin debate. Let’s get to the crux of the issue. Let Republicans offer whatever they want on DACA and border security, and we will do the same. The leader supports the proposal by Senator G
RASSLEY , which is, essentially, the President’s plan. Let’s vote on that first. We will have several bipartisan bills to offer. We should vote on those too. Democrats are focused like a laser on finding a bipartisan bill that can pass the Senate to protect the Dreamers. Several moderate Republicans are working toward that as well. The one person who seems most intent on not getting a deal is President Trump. President Trump’s contribution to this debate has been to put forward a proposal that contains a vast curtail-ment of legal immigration, far outside the scope of DACA and border security, and has demanded that the Democrats support it. Instead of making a pro-posal in good faith or working with Democrats on a compromise, President Trump is trying to force his unpopular, hard-line immigration agenda down the throats of the American people by calling it a DACA bill. The President’s proposal, now the Grassley bill, is so extreme on legal immigration that several Republicans have been critical of it, including my friends from South Carolina and Ari-zona. Yet President Trump somehow thinks that Democrats would be to blame for not getting a deal on DACA because we didn’t go blindly along with his partisan plan—extreme as it is and with no input from Democrats. That will not happen. Only in a Kafkaesque, 1984 world could the Democrats be blamed for the current predicament on DACA. As much as the President wants to turn the world upside down, as much as he wants everyone to just accept what he is saying, the American people know better. Everyone here knows that President Trump has stood in the way of a bipartisan solution to DACA from the very beginning. Let’s take a quick look at the history. First, it was President Trump who terminated the DACA Program last August, not the Democrats and not the Republicans here. Unilaterally, we are in this pickle—worse than a pickle—in this bad situation because President Trump chose to end the DACA Pro-gram last August. That stands out above anything else. Then President Trump turned his back on not one but two bipartisan im-migration proposals. I went so far as to put the wall—the President’s signature campaign issue—on the table for dis-cussion. That still did not drive him to a deal. Finally, now that we are working hard in the Senate to come up with a bipartisan proposal, President Trump is just trying to gum up the works. Ac-cording to reports, President Trump may threaten to veto legislation that doesn’t match his hard-line demands— ‘‘my way or no way’’ and with no Democratic input. A statement this morning from the White House said the President would oppose even a short- term bill to protect the Dreamers. So who is intent on kicking out these people who know no country but Amer-ica, who work in our factories and of-fices, who go to our schools, who serve in our military? Who is intent on kick-ing them out? It is not the American people, as 90 percent want to support the Dreamers. It is not any Democrat and not a good number of Republicans on that side of the aisle. It is just the President. On three separate occasions, Presi-dent Trump has stood in the way of a bipartisan solution to DACA—a prob-lem he created in the first place. Yet the President is in this dream world. He thinks: Oh, I can blame the Demo-crats for the impasse. As I said, only in a 1984 world where up is down and black is white could this be true. Only in a 1984 world where up is down and black is white would the American public blame the Demo-crats for this. They know where Trump stands. They know it. The American people know what is going on. They know that this President not only cre-ated the problem but seems to be against every solution that might pass because it is not 100 percent of what he wants. If, at the end of this week, we are un-able to find a bill that can pass—I sin-cerely hope that is not the case, due to the good efforts of so many people on both sides of the aisle—the responsi-bility will fall on the President’s shoul-ders and on those in this body who went along with him. Bipartisan negotiations are ongoing and are, perhaps, very close to a con-clusion. Nothing is ever certain given the contentious nature of this debate, but I am hopeful that Senators can put the President’s hard-line demands to the side and come up with a deal that works for both parties. If we want to go beyond border security and the DACA kids, let’s do comprehensive reform. We did it once. It worked pretty well in the Senate, but the House blocked it. Let’s go back to it. First, the issues at hand are the DACA kids and border se-curity. That is the only thing that can pass this Chamber—the only thing. We need to push through to the finish line. There are only 2 days of debate re-maining this week. Everyone has to make a final effort to reach consensus. That doesn’t mean adding new de-mands or drawing lines in the sand. It means being willing to compromise and take yes for an answer. If we pass something, it might not be everything that either the Democrats want or ev-erything that the Republicans want, but it may get the job done for the Dreamers and the overwhelming major-ity of Americans who would like to see them stay in the country. REPUBLICAN TAX BILL  
Mr. President, on another matter— taxes—our Republican friends argued that their massive corporate tax cut was not such a huge giveaway to cor-porate America. They predicted that corporations would spend the tax sav-ings on benefits for workers. The evi-dence is already mounting that those predictions were wrong. Since the pas-sage of the Republican tax bill, cor-porations have been pouring billions of dollars into stock repurchasing pro-grams, not into significant wage in-creases or other meaningful invest-ments in workers. These stock buybacks—this stock re-purchasing—which benefit, primarily, the people at the top have reached a significant milestone. Since the pas-sage of the Republican tax bill, there have been over $100 billion in stock buybacks. As of last week, corpora-tions had announced twice the number of corporate share buybacks as during a similar period last year. Let me re-peat that. The number of corporate share buybacks has doubled since the Republican tax bill passed. Why is that so significant? It is that share buybacks don’t help the average worker. They inflate the value of a company’s stock, which pri-marily benefits shareholders, not work-ers. It benefits corporate executives, who are compensated with corporate stock, not workers, who are paid by wages and benefits. The money cor-porations spend on repurchasing their stock is money that is not being rein-vested in worker training, equipment, research, new hires, or higher salaries. According to analysts at Morgan Stanley, companies that were surveyed said they will pass only 13 percent of the Trump tax cut savings on to work-ers in comparison to 43 percent that they will spend on share buybacks. For manufacturers, it is even worse: 9 per-cent to go to workers, 47 percent to share buybacks. The Republicans made a conscious decision to give corporations and the wealthiest Americans the lion’s share 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.005 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S933 February 14, 2018 
of the tax cuts and promised it would trickle down to everyone else. Unfortu-nately, trickle-down never works, and it is not what is happening now. Cor-porate America is doing what is best for corporate America, and working America is getting left behind. It goes to show you just who President Trump and the Republicans were working for when they crafted their tax bill. They gave corporations and the wealthiest Americans a huge tax cut and cut out everybody else. I yield the floor. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The Senator from Illinois. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this is immigration week in the U.S. Senate, and we are preparing today’s proce-dural moves to bring bills to the floor for consideration as early as today, perhaps tomorrow at the latest. It is an unusual time when the Senate is fo-cused on such an issue and actual bi-partisan amendments and substitutes are being offered. We are at this point at this moment in time because of a decision by Presi-dent Trump on September 5 of last year when he announced he was ending the DACA Program. DACA was a pro-gram created by President Obama by Executive order, which allowed those who had been brought to the United States as children, infants, and tod-dlers to be able to stay legally in the United States on a temporary visa re-newable every 2 years. It was called DACA, and 780,000 young people stepped up and paid the filing fee of al-most $500, went through a criminal background check and an interview and received DACA protection. They then went on with their lives, with 90 percent of them going to work or to school, enlisting in the military—un-documented in America, willing to hold up their hands and take an oath that they would die for America. That is how much they love this country. Twenty thousand of them went to work as school teachers across the United States of America. Perhaps they are teaching your children or grand-children today. They are doing impor-tant things in this country. But Presi-dent Trump announced last September 5 that the program that protects them and allows them to work will end. Then he challenged us. He said to the Senate and the House: Do something about it. Pass a law. Isn’t that what you are there for? The President is right. That is our job. This week we are going to try to pass a law to end this crisis, which is going to reach a head on March 5 of this year when the DACA Program officially ends and 1,000 young people a day lose their protection. We have less than 3 weeks. So we are going to move today, I hope, or tomorrow or this week, at some point to consider some alter-natives to solve this problem. I am sorry to say that there is no plan in the U.S. House of Representa-tives to even address the problem— none. I don’t understand it. They know that lives hang in the balance, and they know that overwhelmingly the American people want to give DACA and the Dreamers a chance. The num-bers come rolling in; 75, 80, 85 percent of Americans agree that these young people should be given a chance to earn their way to legal status and citizen-ship. Even 60 percent of those who voted for President Trump agree with what I just said. It is a popular polit-ical issue on both sides, and it also is the right thing to do. What the President has proposed as his alternative, from my point of view, is unacceptable. Let me tell you why. Two weeks ago the White House re-leased a one-page framework on immi-gration reform and border security. The White House claimed that this is a compromise because it includes a path to citizenship for Dreamers—some of them. That, of course, as I mentioned, is supported by a majority of Ameri-cans. The reality is that the Trump plan would put the administration’s entire hard-line immigration agenda on the backs of these young people. These young, DACA-protected people are being held as political hostages for President Trump’s hard-line immigra-tion agenda. For example, the White House wants to dramatically reduce legal immigra-tion by prohibiting American citizens from sponsoring their parents, siblings, and children as immigrants. We are talking about literally millions of rel-atives of American citizens who en-tered this system legally and are fol-lowing our immigration laws. Some have been waiting for as long as 20 years to immigrate to the United States. The conservative Cato Institute says the following about President Trump’s proposal: 
In the most likely scenario, the new plan [from the Trump administration] would cut the number of legal immigrants by up to 44 percent or a half million immigrants annu-ally—the largest policy-driven immigration cut since the 1920s. Compared to current law, it would exclude nearly 22 million people from the opportunity to immigrate legally to the United States over the next five dec-ades. 
You have to go back in history to a time when there was a proposal that passed on the floor of this Chamber that cut as many legal immigrants to the United States. The year was 1924. Calvin Coolidge was President of the United States. We had just seen the end of World War I. There was a grow-ing fear that because of all of the dam-age that was done in Europe, Euro-peans would come to the United States. There was also a concern that the wrong people were coming to the United States, in the eyes of some of the Members of Congress. The Immigration Act of 1924 passed, and it set quotas for countries, and it set quotas for people. It was expressly designed to exclude certain people from around the world from entering the United States of America. It was a no-torious piece of legislation. Those who were to be excluded from America in-cluded people from Italy, Eastern Eu-rope, Japan, Asia, and Jewish people. That was the immigration policy of the United States of America because of that bill in 1924. That is the last time this Chamber has made such a dra-matic cut in legal immigration to America. It was a source of embarrass-ment for decades. The United States established quotas and said: We want America to look a lot different than it would look if other immigrants came to this country. Thankfully, in 1965, it was changed. Thankfully, we gave up the quotas that had been criticized roundly as being in-sensitive to the realities of the world population and the reality of the popu-lation of America. Now the Trump administration wants to cut legal immigration to the United States again, by 44 percent, the biggest cut—as the Cato Institute tells us—since that horrible bill was passed in 1924. Let me tell you what else the Trump immigration proposal would do. It would create an unaccountable slush fund of $25 billion of American tax-payers’ money for a border wall that, as I remember correctly, Mexico was supposed to pay for—$25 billion. I have to double check, but I think that is al-most the annual appropriation for the National Institutes of Health. The President wants $25 billion and wants no strings attached. He wants to be able to spend it where, when, and how he wants. That is an invitation for fraud and waste. It is an invitation for money to be spent for something other than its purpose. It is an invitation for taxpayers to be the ultimate losers with this slush fund for President Trump’s famous Mexican wall. The President’s proposal on immigra-tion, in the midst of the worst refugee crisis on record in the world, is now calling for fast-track deportations without due process of women and chil-dren fleeing gang and sexual violence. I can’t tell you how many times we have had this conversation with members of the Trump administration. They create a scenario. The scenario is of a 6-year- old child who is swooped up in some Central American country. The parents give thousands of dollars, their life sav-ings, to a smuggler who says: I will get this child to the border of the United States. The child is then taken off by the smuggler in a car or truck or bus to the border. The child then comes out of the car, is pointed toward one of our Federal employees with the Border Pa-trol, and the child walks up and hands a piece of paper to the Border Patrol agent with the name of someone in the United States. That process then unfolds, and the child ultimately, in many cases, ends up with that relative while a decision is made about the sta-tus of the child. Is there exploitation in this system? You bet there is. Is there abuse in this system? For sure. Is there actual human trafficking taking place? Yes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.006 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES934 February 14, 2018 
Are atrocities committed against these children in the course of this journey? All true. Should we be dedicated to cleaning this up? Sign me up, on a bi-partisan basis. Let me tell you another scenario, an-other story that has a different origin than turning over a child to a smug-gler. Let me tell you about cases we know of in Honduras, El Salvador, and Guatemala where, because of the ramp-ant crime, gang activity, and violence that takes place, parents, desperate to save their children—some of whom have daughters who have been victims of rape by these gangs—send them to the United States in the hope that they can save their lives. They show up at the border, having lived in fear of this violence in their countries, and they are accepted into the United States to determine whether that fear can be es-tablished in a hearing. These are two different cases—a lit-tle child being exploited by a smuggler, a young girl escaping violence and per-haps death because her parents have nowhere to turn to save her life. Should we treat them both the same? I don’t think so. Historically, we have said that when it comes to asylum seekers, who come to this country with a credible fear for their own lives, the United States has given them a chance to be protected. We have said that over and over again. We said it to the Cu-bans who were escaping Fidel Castro. We have said it to the Soviet Jews who wanted to have freedom of religion and came to the United States, believing this was the only chance they had in the world. The Trump immigration proposal does not make a clear distinction on those two cases. In fact, what it does is end up with fast-track deportations without due process. Accepting the Trump approach will literally return many of these folks who have come to our border to harm and in some cases death. There are fast-track deportations in the Trump proposal without due proc-ess for millions who have overstayed their visas. An estimated 40 percent of the 11 million undocumented fit in this category. So even if they have no criminal record, without considering their legal claims to remain in the United States, they would be deported. It dramatically cuts immigration from sub-Saharan African countries. We have a diversity visa program. It is far from perfect, but it is a program that was created years ago, so coun-tries that do not have an opportunity to send people to the United States for legal immigration would have a chance. Immigrants who come from these countries are limited in number. They have to go through the back-ground checks, criminal background checks, biometric investigations—all of the investigations and interviews that we would expect in order to make sure we do everything humanly pos-sible to cull out those who would be any danger to the United States. They face that same scrutiny, and they should. Many of them are rejected. They can’t make the case for their lives and what they have done with them, and they are not given a chance to come. The President wants to elimi-nate the diversity visa program. For those living in sub-Saharan African countries, huge countries, about 12,000 to 15,000 come to the United States each year through this program. By eliminating this program, the Trump administration sadly is going to deny those immigrants from Africa even a chance to apply for this opportunity. In the past, many Democrats have been willing to support some of the President’s proposals, changes in our immigration system, eliminating the diversity visa lottery, but when we made that offer 5 years ago, it was part of comprehensive immigration reform with give and take and compromise that tried to make sense out of sense-less immigration laws. In 2013, a Democratic-led Senate passed a comprehensive immigration reform bill with a strong bipartisan vote of 68 to 32. The bill was a product of months of negotiations, with com-mittee and floor debate. Unfortunately, the Republican leadership in the House of Representatives refused to even con-sider the bill. Now we are being asked to accept the administration’s proposal with no conditions, no compromise, no give and take; rather, take it or leave it. Democrats have shown they want to comprehensively fix our broken immi-gration system, but right now we have to fix our focus on the DACA crisis cre-ated by President Trump with his an-nouncement of September 5. That has to be our priority. In the next day or two, we expect the so-called Grassley proposal, which is the Trump immigration plan, to come to the floor. I want to say for the record, Democrats support comprehen-sive immigration reform, but we will not stand by and allow Dreamers to be held political hostage to the adminis-tration’s entire immigration agenda. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The ACTING PRESIDENT pro tem-pore. Without objection, it is so or-dered. Mr. MENENDEZ. Mr. President, I come to the floor out of great concern for America’s Dreamers, whose futures hinge on the ability of this body to keep its word and get something done. I want to be clear whom we are talking about when we talk about Dreamers. We aren’t talking about criminals. We aren’t talking about terrorists. We aren’t talking about ‘‘bad hombres.’’ We are talking about kids as American as apple pie. As I often say, the only country they call home is the United States. The only flag they pledge alle-giance to is that of the American flag. The only national anthem they know how to sing is the ‘‘Star-Spangled Ban-ner.’’ We are talking about 800,000 young people who were brought to this coun-try as children and were able to obtain legal protection under the Deferred Ac-tion for Childhood Arrivals Program, known as DACA. These kids put enor-mous faith in our government. They came out of the shadows, they passed background checks, and they reg-istered with our government—all to get a 2-year renewable work permit and protection from deportation. Even the Cato Institute, which is a conservative think tank, says that de-porting Dreamers—91 percent of whom are gainfully employed—would hurt America’s economy. At the same time, we are also talking about thousands of additional Dreamers who were eligible for DACA but didn’t apply. Some couldn’t afford the cost and others were still working through the lengthy application process. These are the Dreamers the White House Chief of Staff John Kelly called lazy asses. Well, Mr. Kelly, here is what you don’t understand: The reason they didn’t apply is not because they were lazy. In fact, in many cases, they didn’t apply because they were afraid—afraid of people like you. They were afraid that if they came out of the shadows and registered with the government, they would end up on a short list for depor-tation. What is depressing is that this administration’s actions have proven them right. Now DACA recipients and undocumented Dreamers alike fear they have a target on their back, and that is because President Trump put an expiration date on their dreams when he decided to end DACA. Now, let me be clear, DACA was never perfect, and it was never a re-placement for truly comprehensive im-migration reform. Make no mistake, we still need comprehensive immigra-tion reform, and I am committed as ever to that cause—a cause I have spent the better part of my congres-sional career trying to achieve. I was a member of the Gang of 8 in the Senate back in 2013 when a bipartisan super-majority in the Senate passed the most historic reforms to our immigration system since the days of President Ronald Reagan, only to die in the House of Representatives without even a vote, but that debate is for another day. That debate is for what President Trump called phase 2. This week, we are not here to debate comprehensive immigration reform. We are not here to debate the numer-ous types of visas that exist under U.S. law. We are not here to debate how mayors run their cities or how police officers do their jobs. We are here to protect Dreamers. We are here to ad-dress a crisis that President Trump started last September when he ended DACA. That is what this week’s debate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.008 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S935 February 14, 2018 
is all about—it is about protecting hard-working, upstanding Dreamers across America from being deported to countries they haven’t stepped foot in since they were in diapers. Now, many of my colleagues have met Dreamers from their States in re-cent years, and they know the lion’s share of these kids can’t even remem-ber coming here—only growing up here. For the Dreamers who do remember ar-riving here, they certainly didn’t ar-rive through any decision of their own. They were babies, toddlers, and very young children, and I challenge my col-leagues to think of any decision of con-sequence they made when they were babies, toddlers, and very young chil-dren. I bet you didn’t decide what town you lived in, where your parents worked, or what kind of status you had. When we talk about Dreamers, we are talking about kids who have grown up American in every sense of the word. We are talking about 22,000 New Jerseyans like Parthiv Patel, who came to New Jersey from India when he was 5 years old. He gained DACA status in 2012. He graduated from Drexel Law School in 2016, and he be-came the first Dreamer admitted to the New Jersey Bar in 2018. We are also talking about students like Christopher Rios Martine, a con-stituent of mine who came here from Colombia at the age of 2. Today he is a junior at Rutgers University with a 3.74 GPA. He is president of the Manage-ment Information Systems Associa-tion, and he is interning at Colgate- Palmolive. Christopher said: ‘‘I am proud to be a DACA recipient and I plan on contributing as much to this country as I possibly can.’’ As another Dreamer from New Jer-sey, Sara Mora, recently wrote: With-out DACA her life has become ‘‘one big question mark’’—the question of whether this Congress will act. Will we protect Dreamers who have become in-tegral to our communities, many who are teaching in our schools, who are treating our patients, who are serving proudly in the military of the United States—many are wearing the uniform of the United States, risking their lives on behalf of our country, and yet we talk about deporting them—and many who are starting families of their own? That is right. Nearly one-quarter of DACA recipients are the parents of U.S.-born American children. That is whom we are talking about this week. We are not talking about criminals. We are not talking about terrorists. We are not talking about gangbangers or drug dealers. We are talking about Dreamers. They are not undocumented immigrants, from my perspective; they are undocumented Americans who have proven themselves worthy of the American dream. Yet the administration slapped an arbitrary ex-piration date on their dream, creating a crisis that Congress needs to solve. I took President Trump at his word when he said he wanted to treat Dreamers with heart, just as I took Leader M
CCONNELL at his word when he said this week would be about pro-tecting them from deportation. Now, as I listen to many of my Re-publican colleagues on the Senate floor, I am hearing less and less about Dreamers and more and more about spending tens of billions of taxpayer dollars on a wall President Trump promised Mexico would pay for. Con-sidering the Trump administration’s own report noting that illegal border crossings from Mexico have dropped to their lowest level in nearly 50 years, you have to question the wisdom of a multibillion-dollar wall—a wall be-tween the United States and a country that serves as our second largest ex-port market in the world for American goods and services, as Mexican con-sumers and businesses buy American goods and services that support jobs created here at home. Likewise, I am hearing a whole lot about politically loaded terms like ‘‘merit-based immigration’’ and ‘‘chain migration.’’ These aren’t terms you find in our laws. They are political catchphrases designed to incite fear and push policies that forever change how legal immigration works in the United States. The more insidious, of course, is the term ‘‘chain migration.’’ I am appalled when I hear my col-leagues talking about chain migration, just like I am appalled that the media—even the so-called liberal media—has adopted this phrase as if it is actually a legitimate term, and I can’t be the only one who thinks the term ‘‘chain migration’’ is downright insulting to the millions of Americans whose ancestors were actually brought to this country in chains. Now, I have heard a lot about family values from my Republican colleagues throughout my time in Congress. The Republican Party has long claimed to be the party of so-called family values. Well, ‘‘chain migration’’ is a term that dehumanizes families. When we want to dehumanize something, we create an inanimate object, but this chain is about a mother and a father and a son and a daughter. It is not an inanimate object, but it is a dehumanizing term. It is a term designed to make our system of legal immigration and fam-ily reunification sound threatening and illogical, but there is nothing threat-ening about uniting mothers and fa-thers, and there is nothing more com-mon sense than uniting brothers and sisters and sons and daughters. They are not linked by chains. They are bound by blood and held together by love. Families are the essence of American values in our society. Families are the glue that builds strong communities— the foundation of our country. Yet some of my Republican colleagues act as if the nuclear family is a concept that has an expiration date. Well, I loved my daughter since the day she was born and the day she turned 21 and the day she turned 30, the same as I do my son. I didn’t love them less with each passing year. I don’t love them any less now that they have gotten married; in fact, I love them more. So Americans need to know that when Republicans speak of ending chain migration, they are talking about ending the legal right of U.S. citizens to legally sponsor family mem-bers in our immigration system. It is not chain migration; it is family reuni-fication. That is what America is all about. That is what immigration pol-icy for the past century has been about—keeping families together, not tearing them apart. The reality is, most Americans are, in some ways, the beneficiary of family reunification. Without it, our country would be a very different place. End family reunification, and we would never have seen the leadership of indi-viduals like Colin Powell, a general and Secretary of State. That is right. His parents wouldn’t have been able to come here without the big bad chain migration that my colleagues in the majority decry today. End family reunification and sud-denly billion-dollar American tech-nology companies like Kingston Tech-nology would have never existed. Be-fore John Tu was a billion-dollar busi-nessman, he was a self-described medi-ocre student from China. He would have never come to America if it were not for the sponsorship of his U.S. cit-izen sister. He wasn’t skilled when he got here, and yet he built a groundbreaking company. So let’s get real. When President Trump professes his support for merit- based immigration, he doesn’t have a real plan for allowing a million engi-neers and inventors from around the world to come to the United States. He is talking about cutting legal immigra-tion by nearly 50 percent. That is a pol-icy with disastrous implications for the future of this country when you con-sider basic economic facts. Any credible economist will tell you that without steady immigration, America’s global competitiveness will suffer, and we will fall far behind much larger countries like China, Pakistan, and India. According to a Forbes maga-zine article, even President Donald Trump is a product of chain migration. That is right. Friedrich Trump, Donald Trump’s grandfather, was able to come to the United States from Germany, with no English-speaking ability and no merit-based skills. Why? Because his sister was already in the United States and claimed him as part of fam-ily reunification. You get to be Presi-dent of the United States because of chain migration. If Republicans were being honest, they would call their term of ‘‘chain migration’’ what it really is. They would call it family reunification, but they don’t want to call it family reuni-fication because they don’t want to own up to their intention, which is to strip U.S. citizens of the right to spon-sor their brothers and sisters, mothers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.009 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES936 February 14, 2018 
and fathers, and adult children as im-migrants. I ask my colleagues to please give it a rest. If you want to have a debate about the merits of our immigration system, we can have that debate, but that debate over comprehensive immi-gration reform is not the debate we should have this week. This debate is about whether we will do right by American Dreamers, about whether we will listen to the voices of the Amer-ican people who overwhelmingly want us to solve this crisis. According to the latest polls out this week from Quinnipiac University, 81 percent of Americans support giving Dreamers a path to citizenship. Yet, week after week, month after month, Dreamers have languished in uncer-tainty. Republicans didn’t let us pro-tect them in September or October or November or December or January. Yet, throughout all this time wasted, I hear my colleagues in the majority say such nice things about Dreamers—how talented they are, how hopeful they are, how important they are. I say to them today that it is getting harder and harder to take your com-mitment to Dreamers seriously when, at every opportunity you have to do something, you do nothing. Instead, it is beginning to look like President Trump—the person responsible for end-ing DACA—has enablers in Congress who have been intent on deporting Dreamers from day one. If that is not the case, now is the time to prove it be-cause March 5 is just around the cor-ner. Come March, America’s Dreamers will see their dreams extinguished, re-placed with deportation orders to na-tions they have never called home. So far, there are 19,000 already out of sta-tus, and after March 5, there will be 1,000 a day. If my colleagues want to have a de-bate about comprehensive immigration reform, we can have that debate some other time but not today, not this week, not until we protect Dreamers living in fear of deportation due to President Trump’s reckless decisions— a President who once said about Dreamers that ‘‘we’re going to work something out that is going to make people happy and proud.’’ Well, the polls show deporting Dreamers will not make Americans happy and proud. The time for talk is over. The time for kind words is over. The time for ex-cuses is over. So, this week, Congress needs to take action. It is time we let America see who stands with Dreamers and who is complicit in their potential deportation. These young men and women have shown incredible courage and strength in the face of adversity and uncertainty. They were handed a crisis, and they created a movement. They shared their stories and their dreams, and, in doing so, they have captured the hearts of the American people. I urge my colleagues in the Senate not to break America’s heart because our hearts are bigger as a country and our future is brighter when Dreamers in this country stay right where they belong. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
UL-
LIVAN ). The Senator from North Caro-lina. 
VALENTINE ’S DAY  
Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, in a mo-ment, I am going to talk about the im-migration debate we are going to have here. Before I do that, though, I want to recognize that this is Valentine’s Day. I happen to be several hundred miles away from my sweetheart, but I want to wish my wife a happy Valentine’s Day. I made her a little card. I am sure I probably just violated a rule, but I don’t think anybody can fire me. I want my wife to know I love her and wish I was with her. Now, Mr. President, I want to talk a little about immigration reform. We just heard a discussion. I tell you, sometimes I think I teleport from this Chamber to the Kennedy Center be-cause there are more theatrics going on here than you can find down there on any given day. Let me give you one example of that. The whole indignant position that the Member from New Jersey just had on ‘‘chain migration’’ and somehow that mean Republicans came up with this term because we wanted to make a point. Demographers came up with this term decades ago. People on the other side of the aisle even have references to chain migration in bills they proposed. End the theatrics. Solve this problem. Let’s talk about the President’s framework. I was presiding just before I got up here. I heard the word ‘‘hard- line’’ used—the hard-line demand of President Trump. I don’t agree with ev-erything President Trump has done. In fact, I said a year and a half ago—and I got criticized for it—that when you sit down and talk border patrol and talk homeland security, you are going to find out you don’t need a large, monolithic wall from the Pacific Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico. After the President was elected and after he got into office, he listened to homeland security and border patrol, and he came up with a plan that isn’t a long, monolithic wall across the southern border. It is a strategic plan that actually lets us improve the secu-rity of the homeland along the north-ern and southern borders. It is a plan that tries to confiscate tons of drugs that are poisoning Americans in the tens of thousands of every year. It is a plan that makes sure gang members are more likely to be incarcerated when they cross the border illegally and less likely to go into the very com-munities that many of the people who immigrate to this country go into. It is a plan to make those communities safer. It is a plan to make sure we know the thousands of people that cross the bor-der illegally are not carrying illicit drugs in a truck or car or a wheel well, the way they do it today, because it is using technology to be able to search more vehicles to make sure our home-land is safe. It is also a plan that shows more compassion than President Obama’s DACA plan. Right now, they are say-ing: Let’s keep DACA going. Well, there are 690,000 people who are in DACA. Their future is uncertain be-cause it is an Executive order. It doesn’t have the force of law. It could possibly be challenged by the court. The President decided on September 15 of last year, Congress do your job. You have been talking about immigration reform for two decades. We have an ar-guably illegal Executive order by President Obama that President Trump kept in place for about a year, and then he said: I am going to give you all 6 months to do your job and come up with something that has enduring value. The DACA proposal only provided the illegally present persons who came to this country—through the decisions of an adult—some certainty that they wouldn’t be deported. It doesn’t give them any certainty in terms of a path to citizenship. People said the Presi-dent has a hard-line plan. DACA allows 690,000 people who signed up for it to be here and, hopefully, not have that deci-sion thrown out by the courts or have the President rescind it. What we just heard from three or four Members on the other side of the aisle is that the President’s hard-line plan is to have nearly three times as many people with a path to citizenship, not a piece of paper that hopefully will be in place for the time you spend in the United States but citizenship. So the President’s hard-line plan actually legalizes about two and a half times as many people, not to just let them be here present, to have legal status but have a path to citizenship. That is hard-line? I am not sure the President was there when he was running for office, but he listened. He recognizes he wants to be the President who gets something done, and he is willing to accept the criticism from people on my side of the aisle who may not support a path to citizenship. I do, and the President does. I find it remarkable that somebody would say a President, who has en-dorsed a bill to provide a path to citi-zenship to 1.8 million people—two and a half times more than President Obama provided a temporary and pass-ing status to—is hard-line. Border security. Why is border secu-rity important? Is it just purely a hard-line deportation force sending people out? No. I already talked about, No. 1, hundreds of millions of doses of heroin, fentanyl, and other illicit drugs come across our border every year. We simply do not have the people, tech-nology, and infrastructure to interdict them. Of the $25 billion, about $18 bil-lion of it would be spent for border se-curity. About 10 percent to 15 percent 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.011 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S937 February 14, 2018 
of that is on the northern border. The remainder is on the southern border. Some of that will be spent on wall structures. When all is said and done, less than half of the 2,300 miles will have a wall structure. The rest will be spent on training additional personnel. If you have ever gone to a border crossing, you know the long lines they have there. This is actually creating tech-nology that has low-intensity x rays where you could drive a vehicle through. The Border Patrol folks can identify human smugglers, human traf-fickers, and drug smugglers without ever having the person get out of the car. That is what the border security plan is focused on as well. There are wall structures where they make sense. They don’t make sense along about half of the border. Let me tell you about the humani-tarian case for this, which I find re-markable no one on the other side of the aisle will bring up. I went to Texas last year. I went along the southern border. I was on the Rio Grande, on the Border Patrol boats, on horseback, and at night I took ATVs around. I heard a lot of stories by a lot of people, includ-ing property owners. Over the last 20 years, 10,000 people have died trying to cross our border on U.S. soil. We have no earthly idea how many tens of thou-sands of people die just trying to get there. So 10,000 people died over the last 20 years because we didn’t know where they were. They were on Amer-ican soil, but we didn’t know where they were. About 1,000 of them were children. If that is not a case for need-ing to know who is crossing the border and where they are—even if they may get deported if they don’t have a legiti-mate claim to asylum but have this threat to their safety—then I don’t know what else is. I don’t see how bor-der security is hard-line when you look at the facts—not the theater but the facts. I think that second pillar of the President’s proposal is balanced. It is less than what he originally wanted, but it makes sense, and it shows a lot of movement on his part. Again, two and a half times the number of people are actually getting a path to citizen-ship—more than the DACA Executive order proposed—and it has border secu-rity that makes sense and is no longer this idea of a monolithic wall. We heard somebody say there is a dramatic cut to legal immigration; that the promise we made to everybody who is in line because of a family rela-tionship is going to be broken. That is utter nonsense. There is no proposal like that on the table. The fact is, there are about 3.9 million people in the backlog who, if the President’s pro-posal is accepted, will get to this coun-try in half the time it takes today. There are about 3.9 million people waiting to come to this country be-cause of a family relationship who we have proposed—that the President has proposed—should be able to get here sooner. The diversity lottery is also some-thing, I think, people have been misled or they are trying to mislead you. I will leave it to you to decide. The di-versity lottery is not ending. This ac-tually comes up with a reasonable way to use those 50,000 green cards in a way that lets us draw down the backlog sooner—instead of having somebody wait 17 years or 20 years to get into the country, maybe 8 or 9, but then it is also with a focus on the underrep-resented countries. There are many countries in Africa—about 15,000—that we would like to make sure they have an opportunity every year to come to this country. They are from an under-represented country. We have already made proposals that said we are open to other proposals to make that be a part of how the diversity lottery gets settled. So 50,000 will continue to come. When we say we are ending the diver-sity lottery, we are not saying we will end the entry of 50,000 people; we are talking about modernizing it. The last time we did any major im-migration bill, I was 5 years old. I think it is about time to look at how the world has changed and maybe open your eyes and open your hearts to a better way to do it that benefits the person trying to come to this country and benefits our country as a result of their entry. I think it can be a win-win. The last thing on chain migration is, I want to go back and find everybody who voted for bills in the past, and they voted for a bill with legislative language in it that referred to chain migration. I am sick of that kind of garbage on the Senate floor. That is just misleading. Chain migration is just a process that has been used in the past—not only by our country but other countries—to kind of link people together. I am absolutely sympathetic with some of the things the gentleman from New Jersey said, but to say that this is some hateful, divisive term is not pay-ing a whole lot of attention to your job. I have only been here 3 years. Many of these people who are here voted for language that had chain mi-gration in it, and now they are saying it is something the hateful folks in our marketing departments created to be divisive. That is just untrue. Now the last thing. When we are talking about legal immigration in this country—we immigrate about 1 million to 1.1 million people a year to this country. I don’t have a problem with that number. If I had Members on the other side of the aisle, some of my colleagues, say, ‘‘Thom, we want to try to maintain that same amount of im-migration over time,’’ I would say that I am open to it. Some of my colleagues I have worked with on this bill may not be. But the way we go about doing it needs to be modernized. How many times have I heard that when we have a foreign national here who graduates with an engineering de-gree or some degree in STEM, that we should just staple a green card to the back of their diploma—how many times have we heard that?—because we need high-end workers. We need weld-ers. We need carpenters. We need plumbers. We need people to come to this country to fill jobs, or at some point, our economic growth is going to be limited by the number of resources we have for those jobs. Our unemploy-ment is going down. The demand for the workers is there. But we have an immigration system where about three-fourths of everybody who comes to this country comes purely because of a family relationship. I bet that if we dig into it, many of them actually could qualify on the basis of merit, but right now, it is just a random selection that doesn’t really tie to our needs as a nation and for our economic growth or for our economic security. I believe that if we get the immigra-tion policy right, over the next 10 years, we will be building a case to have more legal immigration here, more than the 1 million or 1.1 million, but if we don’t fix this, we are not going to fix the underlying problem with our immigration system. I actually didn’t plan on speaking. I just grabbed a couple of these slides so that I could talk about it. But it is very important to me for us to—I don’t like being a part of an organization that talks a lot and doesn’t get any-thing done, and over the last 17 years, that is all these folks have been doing. They say: Reelect me. I promise you that next year, I will get immigration reform done. Next year, I will file the Dream Act, and we will get it done. Well, guess what. It hasn’t gotten done under a Republican administra-tion. President Bush was sympathetic to this issue. He couldn’t get it done. Congress couldn’t get it done. President Obama comes in and says: I am going to fix immigration. Presi-dent Obama had the votes to pass ObamaCare. There was a time in this Chamber when not a single Republican vote was necessary to pass a bill out of here, right? So if you don’t need a sin-gle Republican vote in Congress, on the House or the Senate side, why didn’t you get it done? Because I don’t think you have taken the time to construct something that makes sense, that is compassionate, that is responsible, and that will have the enduring value of law. So now is the time to get it done, and the only way we are going to get it done is with bipartisan cooperation. If you don’t like some of the ele-ments of the President’s framework and you set a hammer to it, fold your hands, and say: If you will not vote on mine, I will not vote on yours—look at this and tell us how we can improve it. Tell us what we need to do to get a vote. Tell us what we can do to mod-erate this. To call this a hardline bill is absurd. It is theatrics. It is the kind of stuff that has prevented us from get-ting things done for the last 17 years. I hope people will have an honest dis-cussion and debate. I hope people will come down here, offer all the amend-ments they want to, and I hope they 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 23:26 Feb 14, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.012 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES938 February 14, 2018 
will be mature enough, if they fail, to move on to the next one because I, for one, want to provide certainty to the DACA population. I say to the Presiding Officer, you know better than I because you are in the Marine Reserves. There are 900 peo-ple serving in the military today—that is more than a battalion, right? We have more than 900 DACA recipients serving in the military. I want to file this bill. I want to get this bill to the President’s desk and say to them: Wel-come to this country. Thank you for your service. I can’t wait to go to your ceremony where you swear the oath as an American citizen. That is what we can do this week. But I guarantee you, anybody who sits here and says that the President’s pro-posal is unfair and insincere and hardline is playing politics. It makes me wonder if some of them would just as soon have this be the ‘‘if you elect me next year, I promise I will fix this problem’’ campaign speech versus take this off the table, provide them cer-tainty, and do something different for a change. Finally, I started by wishing my wife a happy Valentine’s Day. When I get into these speeches—I worked in busi-ness most of my career. I haven’t been in politics very long. I get very frus-trated with the lack of production and with the lack of results. But, Sweetie, I am not mad. I just get a little bit in-tense when I talk about an issue where the solution is within reach. I am not mad. I am frustrated with the Members of the U.S. Senate who don’t see the opportunity to seize this moment and get it done. Mr. President, thank you for the op-portunity. I probably went long, and I apologize to anybody else who may be waiting to speak. But this is the week to get it done. This is the Congress to get it done. This is the President who has given us a historic opportunity. I hope we seize the day. Thank you, Mr. President. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, the Sen-ate is debating the fate of our Nation’s Dreamers this week. Everywhere I go, people recognize the uncontestable truth that underpins our discussion: We are all a nation of immigrants. Un-less you are Native American, you come from a line of people who come from somewhere else. More than in any other country on Earth, this simple fact is a defining characteristic of our national identity. Throughout our his-tory, immigrant communities have greatly enriched our Nation; their indi-vidual stories have become the Amer-ican story. Out of many, we have be-come one. My maternal grandparents emigrated from Italy, began a business, hired a lot of people, and were pillars of the community. My wife’s parents emi-grated from French-speaking Canada and also owned a business. She was born in Vermont. Yesterday, we buried my wife’s uncle, an immigrant from Canada who started off as an $8-a-week clerk at a shoe store. He was buried with honors at the age of 100 yesterday, and people talked about the $20 million or $30 million he has given to philan-thropic causes in Vermont—this $8-a- week immigrant clerk at a shoe store. I think sometimes we forget who we are. In the late 1800s we passed laws ex-cluding Chinese immigrants. During World War II, we turned away Jewish refugees fleeing the Holocaust—turned them away at the shores of our coun-try—and many went back to die in the gas chambers. We know today that these were tragic mistakes, fueled by our own ill-informed, xenophobic rhet-oric. Mistakes were made, but they must never be repeated. Yet now, in 2018, I am concerned that we are hearing echoes of past mistakes. Anti-immigrant voices, armed with the same shameful fearmongering, are at-tempting a comeback in our country. In recent months, Dreamers have been regularly disparaged. Some have even suggested that Dreamers pose a risk of terrorism or have links to inter-national drug trafficking. These absurd depictions would be laughable if they weren’t so damaging, especially to those of us who remember one of the biggest terrorist attacks on our country, in Oklahoma City by Tim-othy McVeigh, who was not an immi-grant; he grew up there and was born there. Thankfully, most Americans know better. Dreamers are not threats to our national security; not a single one—not a single one—has been sus-pected of terrorist activities. Nor do Dreamers present a threat to public safety. Far from it. By definition, Dreamers are law-abiding strivers who seek only to contribute to our country. Brought here as children, Dreamers are now our neighbors, our first respond-ers, our teachers, our medical per-sonnel. Nearly 1,000 have served in our Armed Forces, risking their lives to de-fend the only country they have ever known as home. I will never forget one Dreamer who wrote to me last year. Dr. Juan Conde is a DACA recipient. He is a resident of Vermont. He was born in Mexico and brought to the United States as a young child by his mother. In 2007, tragically, his mother died of cancer. Showing remarkable courage and de-termination for a young man, Dr. Conde was motivated by this personal tragedy to help cancer patients like his mother. He ultimately obtained a Ph.D. in cancer research from the Uni-versity of Texas. But as accomplished as he already was, Dr. Conde was not satisfied with just studying cancer. He wanted to treat the people suffering with and bat-tling the disease. Every one of us in this Chamber knows somebody who has suffered from and battled cancer, and many have died. But only after he enrolled in DACA was Dr. Conde able to attend medical school, and he is currently doing that. He is studying oncology at the Univer-sity of Vermont’s Larner College of Medicine. Dr. Conde hopes to spend his life in the United States treating can-cer patients and researching to find a cure for the disease. This Vermonter— and I think all Americans would agree—believes that America is a bet-ter place with Dr. Conde in it. There are hundreds of thousands of Dreamers just like Dr. Conde, all with the potential to contribute to our com-munities and to our country. To deny them these opportunities because they were brought here as children would be as senseless as it is cruel. We are better than that. And this week, we have an opportunity to prove it. I am proud of those in the Senate, both Democrats and Republicans, who are engaged in good-faith negotiations over proposals to protect our Dreamers and improve our border security. I sin-cerely believe that we can find a path to 60 votes, and I hope the Republican leadership will let us. The Majority Leader’s decision yes-terday to seek to open up the debate with a vote on a poison pill amendment about so-called sanctuary cities—which has nothing to do with either Dreamers or border security—was less than a helpful start. These kinds of attempts to score political points stand in stark contrast to the bipartisan search done by leading Republicans and Democrats behind the scenes for a solution. As the most senior Member of this body, it is my hope that all Senators will focus on a bipartisan solution, not on just divi-sive distractions. I respect this institution as much as anybody. For 43 years, I have been here and I have seen—and I hope contrib-uted to—the good that can be accom-plished. I have often said that at its best the Senate can and should serve as the conscience of the Nation. But it can only do so when we put aside our own self-interest, and we work across the aisle in the spirit of compromise. I know we are capable of meeting this challenge today. We have done it be-fore. Five years ago, when I was chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, we brought together 68 Senators, Demo-crats and Republicans, and we voted for an immigration bill that provided protection for Dreamers, including an expedited pathway to citizenship. Un-fortunately, the House, even though they had the votes to pass it, would not bring it up. Well, it is time now for the Senate to do so again and, this time, for the House to follow suit. President Trump claims he will treat Dreamers with great ‘‘heart.’’ If he meant what he said, he will certainly sign our bipartisan compromise that emerges. So let’s get to work. The fu-ture of Dreamers—and the fate of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.013 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S939 February 14, 2018 
American dream itself—lies in our hands. As I left that funeral yesterday in Vermont, I thought of my wife’s uncle and her parents coming from Canada to make a better life, my grandparents coming from Italy, and my great grandparents coming from Ireland, all to make such a mark on our little State of Vermont, all for the better. As a member of that family, how proud I am to stand here on the floor of the U.S. Senate, but I want to do more than just stand here. I want to vote for a bill to help more people like those who come to our country and to make our country better. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, today a group led by Chairman G
RASSLEY of the Senate Judiciary Committee for-mally introduced a bill to address the DACA issue—the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals issue—that we have heard so much about, as well as border security. I think it is a good starting point, and I am proud to be a cosponsor of the legislation, which is called the Secure and Succeed Act. Perhaps the most important thing about this bill is that it actually has a good chance of becoming law. That is because the President supports it. It encompasses the four pillars the Presi-dent has laid out for us in any solution to the DACA challenge. The Secure and Succeed Act provides legal status and a pathway to citizen-ship for an estimated 1.8 million people who meet the specific criteria of DACA. This is a far larger number than the number of individuals covered by President Obama’s Executive order. The fact is, this President has not only said to the 690,000 DACA recipients ‘‘You are going to have a better, brighter future and a pathway to American citizenship’’; this President has also offered all of the young people eligible but who might not have pre-viously signed up that same oppor-tunity. What an extraordinarily gen-erous offer. This bill also provides for a real plan to strengthen border security, utilizing the three things that Border Patrol has always told me are essential: more boots on the ground, better technology, and, yes, some infrastructure in hard- to-control locations, along with en-hanced ports of entry. I know there has been some confu-sion about that. The President likes to talk about the wall. It is true that back in roughly 2006 or 2007, Congress called for something called the Secure Fence Act, which got the support of then-Senator Obama, then-Senator Hil-lary Clinton, and, of course, current Senator CHUCK SCHUMER . They sup-ported the Secure Fence Act, as did an overwhelming majority of Senators from both parties. When the President has talked about the wall, he has made pretty clear what he is really talking about is a barrier similar to what was supported on a bipartisan basis. He said that the Border Patrol is going to have to be able to see through it. Indeed, as he has conceded, in many places it doesn’t make any sense at all to have a phys-ical barrier. That is why technology and boots on the ground are so impor-tant. This legislation also reallocates visas from the diversity lottery system in a way that is fair and continues the ex-isting, family-based categories until the current backlog is cleared, which would take, probably, about 10 years. I am proud to cosponsor this common-sense solution. But I know other col-leagues have been working hard on their ideas, which I look forward to re-viewing as the debate continues. One group I haven’t heard from much, though, is our Democratic col-leagues, who literally shut down the government to force this debate to occur on their terms and at a time they chose. We are still trying to figure out—OK, you won, in a sense. I think the American people lost when you shut down the government, but you made your point. You wanted a time certain and you wanted a fair process by which to present your ideas, and we have been waiting—here it is Wednes-day, with the clock ticking, still wait-ing—for that Democratic proposal. What is their plan? What is their pro-posal? Do they even have one? And if they do, why are they leaving the rest of us, as well as the Nation, in the dark? As the majority leader said yester-day, we need to stop trying to score po-litical points and start making law. The way to get this done is to take a proposal like the President’s and get started; people can offer amendments to that. Whatever gets 60 votes in the Senate passes the Senate, and then it is up to the House to pass it, and then it is up to the President to decide whether to sign it. He has pretty much given us the outline of what he would find acceptable. Again, insofar as it grants a pathway to citizenship for 1.8 million people, that is extraordinary in and of itself. The majority leader made a commit-ment to hold this debate and to hold it this week. He has lived up to his prom-ise, and now we can’t let it all go to waste. As each minute and each hour clicks off the clock, it looks as if it is more and more likely to happen—that all of this will go to waste. The country is watching. The DACA recipients in my home State—all 124,000 of them—are watching and wor-rying, understandably anxious about what their status is going to be when this program ends on March 5. One of those DACA recipients is Julio Ramos, a biology teacher who is get-ting his master’s degree in biomedical informatics. He is from Brownsville, TX, right along the U.S.-Mexico bor-der, and he is a DACA recipient. After his mother was diagnosed with breast cancer, he decided he wanted to be a doctor. He has even been accepted to Texas medical schools, but he wasn’t sure whether he would be allowed to attend. He is waiting and watching, worried about his future. Then there is Miriam Santamaria from Houston, TX. She graduated from high school in Houston with honors. She paid her way through community college, and she works as a manager at a construction company and owns her own photography business. She sounds like quite an entrepreneur to me. Mir-iam said: ‘‘I am not looking for any kind of recognition or sympathy, [I’m just] looking to make a difference and inspire others.’’ She is also looking to live in peace in the only country that she has ever known and calls home. She came to the United States when she was 4 years old. Finally, there is a man whom I will just call by the first name of Daniel. He, too, lives in Texas. He graduated from the University of North Texas with a degree in advertising and con-tributes productively to society. Daniel came from Mexico at the age of 2, and he said: ‘‘All the choices I make, I made as an American, because that’s what I am.’’ We need to listen to these stories as we consider this legislation and as peo-ple are perhaps tempted into the polit-ical grandstanding and gamesmanship that, unfortunately, sometimes over-whelms our best intentions. These are real human lives hanging in the bal-ance. They are important, and they teach us about the real people behind the policy. But their stories are not the only ones we need to listen to. We need to listen to the stories of the men and women who have been waiting pa-tiently for years to come here in a legal way through visas and green cards, waiting patiently to join their families here in the United States, doing it the old-fashioned, legal way. They have had to wait, some for years, some for decades. We should listen to the stories of the border communities, which I am proud to represent in Texas, from men and women, many of whom are of Hispanic origin, who have suffered property damage from illegal immigration. Illegal immigration is a pretty ugly business when you consider that it is in the hands of drug cartels and transnational criminal organizations. Recently, one of the military leaders who is responsible for Southern Com-mand, which is Central America south, said that these transnational criminal organizations or cartels are ‘‘com-modity agnostic.’’ That is the phrase he used. He said that they don’t care whether it is people, drugs, or other contraband. What they are in it for is the money, and they are willing to do 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES940 February 14, 2018 
anything for the money. Unfortu-nately, victims of human trafficking know exactly what I am talking about. Despite these hardships, businesses in many of the communities, like those along the border, are thriving. But we need to do everything we can to make sure that continues to be the case. Sympathy for DACA recipients is right and good because, in America, we do not punish children for the mistakes of their parents, and we are not going to punish these young people who are now adults and have become part of our communities. But Americans who live along the border in my State real-ize that illegal immigration has caused real, tangible harm in terms of public safety, property damage, and their way of life. When I talk to people like Manny Padilla, the Border Patrol’s sector chief for the Rio Grande Valley, it is hard not to realize just how much is re-quired and how many more resources we need to maintain situational aware-ness and operational control along the border. I will say this: The Federal Govern-ment has failed over the years to live up to its responsibility to maintain the security of our border, so taxpayers in my State have to step up and fill the gap left by the failure of leadership of the Federal Government. But we have an opportunity to fix that in this legis-lation, following the parameters the President has laid out for us. That is why, during this week’s debate, ensur-ing additional resources for border se-curity is an essential piece of the puz-zle. That includes areas other than be-tween our ports of entry. Mexico is one of our largest trading partners. We have legitimate trade and commerce that flows back and forth across the border with Mexico and supports 5 mil-lion American jobs. Unfortunately, the cartels have figured out how to exploit that as well. So, because of antiquated infrastructure and technology at our ports of entry, many of them are vul-nerable through the importation of poi-son—literally, drugs like methamphet-amine, cocaine, heroin, and the like— that has taken the lives of so many Americans. We need to do more and better when it comes to maintaining those ports of entry—upgrading the in-frastructure, improving the tech-nology—so we can interdict more of that. Again, the border is as varied as any-place in the world, with areas that are flat and open, areas that have moun-tains and rolling hills, rivers, obvi-ously. Technology, as we have come to see, has transformed our way of life, and technology can increasingly be the answer to supplement the boots on the ground and the infrastructure that the Border Patrol thinks are necessary. There is a big difference between de-tecting illegal immigration in rural areas and urban ones. In urban areas, the Border Patrol tells us that you might have just a few seconds before someone can cross the border and enter into the United States. In large, open areas, there is more of a lag time, so perhaps a fence or some infrastructure is not as important; technology might be more important, along with the Bor-der Patrol agents themselves. My basic point is that border secu-rity is complex. For those who think it is as easy as one, two, three, I encour-age you to do as some of my colleagues have done; that is, travel to the bor-der—we will host you—to see firsthand why it is crucial that we strengthen our personnel, technology, and infra-structure. That has to be one of our priorities, and I am grateful to the President for making this one of his re-quirements as well. We have an opportunity to address not only the anxiety and plight of DACA recipients but also to make our country safer and more secure; to re-form our legal immigration system in a way that will help us accelerate the reunification of families out of the backlog of people waiting patiently and legally outside of the country to come into the country through legal immigration; and to address the Presi-dent’s concern about the roll of the dice in the diversity lottery that makes little sense, given our need for people with job-based skills, graduate degrees, and other merit-based criteria that would make them valuable to the United States, in addition to winning the lottery. I hope we will take advantage of this opportunity this week. Time is wast-ing. It is Wednesday, and we don’t have any time to waste at all. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. PERDUE. Madam President, I rise to talk about the topic of the week. Although some of us have been work-ing on this for some time, many of us in this body have actually been ad-dressing this for over the last 20 years or so. I am new to this body, as I have only been here a few years, but, last year I got involved in this. We are deal-ing with the immigration issue today, not just the DACA issue. Our current immigration system is outdated, threatens our national secu-rity, and does not meet the needs of our economy. The issue before the Sen-ate this week is not just about DACA, which is but one manifestation of our broken immigration policies. Rather, President Trump, while offering a gen-erous solution for DACA recipients, has proposed a broader solution to our legal immigration system that will en-sure that we are not back here in just a few short years to deal with this same problem again. Over the past 11 years, Congress has failed to fix our broken immigration system three times, primarily because it has at-tempted to solve the entire situation, the comprehensive problem, which would be the legal situation, the tem-porary work visa problems, and then the illegal situation. The Secure and Succeed Act only deals with our legal immigration pol-icy. From the onset of these negotia-tions, President Trump has been con-sistent with what he has wanted as part of any immigration deal that deals with the legal immigration sys-tem. Months ago, he gave us a clean framework. He said that any plan that didn’t fit that framework would never become law. The Secure and Succeed Act, which we are dealing with this week, is the only plan that actually fits that framework. It is the only plan the President has said he will sign into law. The framework that has been laid out by President Trump has four parts. First, it provides a solution for the DACA situation and ends the program. It does so in a compassionate, respon-sible way that every Senator on the other side of the aisle should support and has supported at various times. President Trump went out of his way to reach across the aisle to the Demo-crats when he expanded the population that was being discussed in the DACA situation, and he actually talked about providing long-term certainty for this population group. Second, this bill secures our borders with additional border security and a wall where required. It puts $25 billion in a trust fund toward border security and a wall system. This money would be spent over the next few years to pro-vide better national security for our country’s borders. It ends policies like catch and release, which encourage more illegal immigration. It makes critical changes to the immigration court system to clear out backlogs, ex-pedite court hearings, and give law en-forcement the resources it needs to do its job properly. Third, this bill fixes the flaws in the current immigration system that spurred this DACA problem in the first place and incentivized illegal immigra-tion. It protects the immediate family of the primary worker. Seventy-two percent of Americans believe immigra-tion should include the primary work-ers, their spouses, and their immediate children, which is exactly what this bill does. In addition, two-thirds of Americans actually believe that the so-lution here for illegal immigration in-cludes the DACA fix, an end to chain migration, border security, and an end to the diversity lottery—two-thirds. That is from a Harvard poll that was put out several weeks ago, and there are others that actually corroborate that. This bill also expedites the backlog, which is something that was not even discussed before we brought this bill forward. This bill ensures that the pri-mary family of immediate citizens— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.015 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S941 February 14, 2018 
some of them are recent green card re-cipients and new citizens who are try-ing to get their families in—will be re-united. But there is a backlog. We have that in this bill and have ensured that the backlog will be taken care of and that these families will be reunited, which is what most Americans want. Fourth, the Secure and Succeed Act ends the archaic visa lottery program. This failed program is dangerous, filled with fraud, and has proven to be an av-enue for terrorists to enter our coun-try. We simply must fix these national security flaws and close the loopholes in our current immigration system that incentivize illegal immigration. If we don’t deal with these problems that got us here in the first place, we will be right back here in just a few short years. This is the President’s objective. If we are going to deal with it, let’s deal with it once and for all on the im-migration side and then move on to the temporary work visas and solve that as well. I don’t think anybody in this body wants to be back here in a few short years. Many on the other side and on our side have been trying to find a common solution to this for decades. I believe we have an historic opportunity right now to do something that people in this body have wanted to do for a long time, and that is to solve our legal immigration system in a very compas-sionate, fair way that will benefit every American. That is why we have to deal with these issues in a respon-sible and fair way. Politicians have talked about this for far too long. I have discovered, now having been in this body, that it is easy for some to just kick this down the road. It is a great pandering oppor-tunity for one side or the other to blame this on them. Unfortunately, the American people deserve better than that. We have a clean opportunity here to do what most people in America want us to do. Other than politics, there is no rea-son for the Secure and Succeed Act not to have widespread, bipartisan support this week in this body. Each part of the Secure and Succeed Act has been sup-ported by many Democrats at various times over the last 30 years. As a mat-ter of fact, in 1994, Barbara Jordan pre-sented the result of her bipartisan im-migration commission report to then- President Bill Clinton. The rec-ommendations at that time were to change our immigration system from our current country caps and chain mi-gration system to more of a skills- based system like those seen in Canada and Australia. They knew then the flaws that were included in our immigration law that was written in 1965 that actually incentivized illegal immigration. Un-fortunately, it seems that because these ideas are now being put forward by President Donald Trump, the Demo-crats, all of a sudden, disagree with these principles. President Trump has crafted a deal that is tough but more than generous. Nobody asked him to expand the number or to even talk about certainty in the long term. He has brought that forward because he wants this done. He wants this solved. He wants this ended right now. The Secure and Succeed Act follows the framework that President Trump has crafted. Compromises have been made on both sides of this issue. It deals with the DACA issue, secures the border, and fixes critical flaws in our immigration system that incentivize illegal immigration today. This is to ensure that we are not back here in a few short years to deal with the prob-lem again of a new wave of young peo-ple who may be brought here illegally. Again, the President has said repeat-edly that the Secure and Succeed Act is the only bill that he will sign into law. Leadership in the U.S. House of Representatives has also been clear that the only plan it will bring up for a vote in its body is one that will be signed into law. The Secure and Suc-ceed Act is that plan. We don’t have many opportunities in this body for common thought and common positions, but we have one here. I have seen what most people in this body have said about these issues, and it impresses me that there is com-monality of thought. At the root, this body wants to solve the DACA issue, but it also wants to solve the problems that caused this issue in the first place. This President called for a compas-sionate compromise when he met with Democrats and Republicans several weeks ago at the White House, and we all agreed it was time to do that for the American people. Yet the American people want to be assured that the bor-ders will be secure. They want to be as-sured that the policies that are embed-ded in our immigration system will not create another wave of illegal immi-grants. They also want this archaic di-versity lottery to end, which has never worked as was originally intended and is nothing but a loophole for terrorists today. I think there is too much talk about this bill cutting immigration. That is not the intent here. The intent is long term. We have a bill in here called the RAISE Act that would actually move us to a merit-based system like those in Canada and Australia. That is not included in the Secure and Succeed Act. What is included here is a first step toward a long-term solution not only on our legal immigration side, but it sets us up to then deal with the tem-porary work visas and, ultimately, with the illegal population. I believe, as I know the Presiding Of-ficer does, that it is time for those in this body to put our self-interests and our partisan interests aside, as we say so many times, and to do what the American people want us to do, for which we now have hard evidence. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
CONGRATULATING CHLOE KIM ON WINNING A  
GOLD MEDAL AT THE WINTER OLYMPICS  
Mr. SANDERS. Madam President, let me begin by congratulating Chloe Kim, a first-generation American who won an Olympic Gold Medal for the United States in the women’s halfpipe snowboarding event this week. Her father, Jong Jin Kim emigrated from South Korea to the United States in 1982, became a dishwasher at a fast- food restaurant, studied engineering at El Camino College after working those low-skilled jobs, and then became an engineer. He left his engineering job to support his daughter’s snowboarding ambitions so he could drive her 5
1⁄2 hours to the mountain for training. Congratulations to Chloe and to her entire family. You make the United States proud. Madam President, the whole debate we are now undertaking over immigra-tion and the Dreamers has become somewhat personal for me because it has reminded me, in a very strong way, that I and my brother are first-genera-tion Americans. We are the sons of an immigrant who came to this country at the age of 17 without a nickel in his pocket, a young man who was a high school dropout, who did not know one word of English, and who had no par-ticular trade. A few years ago, my brother and I and our families went to the small town where he came from, and it just stunned me, the kind of courage he showed and millions of other people show leaving their homeland to come to a very different world, in many cases, without money, without knowl-edge of the language. My father immigrated to this coun-try because the town where he lived in Poland was incredibly poor. There was no economic opportunity for him. Peo-ple there struggled to put food on the table for their families. Hunger was a real issue in that area. My father came to this country to avoid the violence and bloodshed of World War I, which came to his part of the world in a fero-cious manner, and he came to this country to escape the religious bigotry that existed then because he was Jew-ish. My father lived in this country until his death in 1962. He never made a lot of money. He was a paint sales-man. My father was not a political person, but it turned out that without talking much about it, he was the proudest American you ever saw, and he was so proud of this country because he was deeply grateful that the United States had welcomed him in and allowed him opportunities that would have been ab-solutely unthinkable from where he came. The truth is, immigration is not just my story. It is not just the story of one 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.016 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES942 February 14, 2018 
young man coming from Poland who managed to see two of his kids go to college and one of his sons become a U.S. Senator. It is not just my family’s story. It is the story of my wife’s fam-ily who came from Ireland, and it is the story of tens of millions of Amer-ican families who came from every sin-gle part of this world. In September of 2017, President Trump precipitated the current crisis we are dealing with by revoking Presi-dent Obama’s DACA Executive order. If President Trump believed that Execu-tive order was unconstitutional and it needed legislation, he could have come to Congress for a legislative solution without holding 800,000 young people hostage by revoking their DACA sta-tus. President Trump chose not to do that. He chose to provoke the crisis we are experiencing today. That is a crisis we have to deal with in the Senate, and we have to deal with it now. Let us be very clear about the nature of this crisis because some people say: Well, it is really not imminent. It is not something we have to worry about now. Those people are wrong. As a re-sult of Trump’s decision, 122 people every day are now losing their legal status, and within a couple of years, hundreds of thousands of these young people will have lost their legal protec-tion and be subject to deportation. The situation we are in right now, as a re-sult of Trump’s action, means, if we do not immediately protect the legal sta-tus of some 800,000 Dreamers—young people who were brought to this coun-try at the age of 1 or 3 or 6—young peo-ple who have known no other home but the United States of America—let us be clear that if we do not act and act soon, these hundreds of thousands of young people could be subject to depor-tation. That means they could be arrested outside their home, where they have lived for virtually their entire life, and suddenly be placed in a jail. They could be pulled out of a classroom where they are teaching, and there are some 20,000 DACA recipients who are now teaching in schools all over this country. If we do not act and act now, there could be agents going into those schools, pulling those teachers right out and arresting them and subjecting them to deporta-tion. Insane as it may sound, I suppose the 900 DACA recipients who now serve in the U.S. military today could find themselves in the position of being ar-rested and deported from the country they are putting their lives on the line to defend. Some people say: Well, that is far-fetched. Well, I am not so sure. It could happen. How insane is that? That is where we are today, and that is what could happen if we do not do the right thing and this week pass legislation in the Senate to protect the Dreamers. We have a moral responsibility to stand up for the Dreamers and their families and to prevent what will be an indelible moral stain on our country if we fail to act. I do not want to see what the history books will be saying about this Congress if we allow 800,000 young people to be subjected to depor-tation, to live in incredible fear and anxiety. Here is the very good news for the Dreamers. It is actually news that a couple of years ago, I would not have believed to be possible. The over-whelming majority of American peo-ple—Democrats, Republicans, Inde-pendents—absolutely agree we must provide legal protection for the Dream-ers and that we should provide them with a path toward citizenship. That is not B
ERNIE SANDERS talking, that is what the American people are saying in poll after poll. Just recently, a January 20 CBS News poll found that nearly 9 out of 10 Americans, 87 percent, favor allowing young immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children to remain in the United States—87 per-cent in Iowa, in Vermont, and in every State in this country. There is strong support for legal status for the Dream-ers and a path toward citizenship. On January 11, a Quinnipiac poll found that 86 percent of American vot-ers, including 76 percent of Repub-licans, say they want the Dreamers to remain in this country. On February 5, in a Monmouth poll, when asked about Dreamers’ status, nearly three out of four Americans sup-port allowing these young people to automatically become U.S. citizens as long as they don’t have a criminal record. In other words, the votes that are going to be cast hopefully today, maybe tomorrow, are not profiles in courage. They are not Members of the Senate coming up and saying: Against all the odds, I believe I am going to vote for what is right. This is what the overwhelming majority of the Amer-ican people want. Maybe, just maybe, it might be ap-propriate to do what the American peo-ple want rather than what a handful of xenophobic extremists want. Maybe we should listen to the American people— Democrats, Republicans, and Independ-ents—who understand it would be a morally atrocious thing to allow these young people to be deported. When I think, from a political perspective, about 80, 85, 90 percent of the American people supporting anything in a nation which is as divided as we are today, this is really extraordinary. You can’t get 80 percent of the American people to agree on what their favorite ice cream is, but we have 80 percent of the American people who are saying, do not turn your back on these young peo-ple who have lived in this country for virtually their entire lives. We have to act and act soon in the Senate, and there is good legislation that would allow us to do that. In the House, the good news is, there is now bipartisan legislation, sponsored by Congressman H
URD and Congressman A
GUILAR , which will provide protection for Dreamers and a path toward citi-zenship. My understanding is, bipar-tisan legislation now has majority sup-port. I urge, in the strongest terms pos-sible, that Speaker RYANallow democ-racy to prevail in the House, allow the vote to take place. If you have a major-ity of Members of the House, in a bi-partisan way, who support legislation, allow that legislation to come to the floor. Let the Members vote their will, and if that occurs, I think the Dream-ers legislation will prevail. Madam President, we all understand that there is a need for serious debate and legislation regarding comprehen-sive immigration reform. This is a dif-ficult issue, an issue where there are differences of opinion. There are a whole lot of aspects to it. How do we provide a path toward citizenship for the 11 million people in this country who are currently undocumented but who are working hard, who are raising their kids, who are obeying the law? What should the overall immigration policy of our country be? How many people should be allowed to enter this country every year? Where should they come from? All of this is very, very important and needs to be seriously debated, but that debate and that legislation is not going to be taking place in a 2-day pe-riod. It is going to need some serious time, some hearings, some committee work before the Congress is prepared to vote on comprehensive immigration re-form, and it will not and cannot hap-pen today, tomorrow, or this week. Our focus now, as a result of Trump’s decision in September, must be on pro-tecting the Dreamers and their fami-lies and on the issue of border security. There will be important legislation coming to the floor of the Senate today or maybe tomorrow, and I would hope that we could do the right thing, do the moral thing, and do something that history will look back on as very posi-tive legislation. Let’s go forward. Let’s pass the Dreamers bill. Let’s deal with border security, and then, in the near future, let us deal with comprehensive immigration reform. I yield the floor. (The Acting President pro tempore assumed the Chair.) The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. S
ASSE). The Senator from Oregon. Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, our Constitution begins with three very simple and very powerful words: ‘‘We the People.’’ It is the mission state-ment for our Nation, for our Constitu-tion. It is a vision in which decisions are made of, by, and for the people, not for the privileged and not for the pow-erful. Who wrote those words? Well, it hap-pened to be a group of White, wealthy landowners—the powerful and the priv-ileged. They didn’t choose to build a nation that would make laws for their benefit but laws that would be designed for the entire populous to thrive. They were descended from immi-grants. In our country, unless you are 100 percent Native American, unless you have just arrived as a new immi-grant, you are descended from immi-grants yourself. It is part of the fabric 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.019 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S943 February 14, 2018 
of our Nation. It is what makes us a combination of powerful talents and abilities from around the world. George Washington himself once said: ‘‘America is open to receive not only the Opulent and respected Strang-er, but the oppressed and persecuted of all Nations and Religions.’’ On another occasion, he wrote to a friend: ‘‘I had always hoped that this land might be-come a safe and agreeable asylum to the virtuous and persecuted part of mankind, to whatever nation they might belong.’’ True to Washington’s wishes and to his vision, that is the land we have been. It has been that land of opportunity, that land that welcomes others to our shores and gives them the chance to pursue the vi-sion of opportunity, to help participate in the making of our great Nation, and to do so, each generation brings to-gether a variety of languages and cul-tures and backgrounds. That is Amer-ica. That is why, a century after our Na-tion’s founding, the French gave to the United States the Statue of Liberty. The Statue of Liberty has stood as a beacon of hope, welcoming those from other lands. Inscribed in the pedestal of that statue are these words: 
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door! 
Those are the welcoming words for hundreds of thousands arriving here in the United States. As I speak at this moment, 800,000 young men and women right here in America are yearning to breathe free as full participants in the Nation that they have grown up in. These are our Dreamers—Dreamers like this group of Oregonians who visited my office in December, who came to this country as very young children, who went to ele-mentary school here, who went to high school here, who are our neighbors, our community members, who have gone on to college, who have taken jobs, and who are contributing in every possible way to our community, studying in their schools, practicing and working in our industry. They are now young adults who are striving to support their families, building to strengthen this economy, and building a future for themselves. They are paramedics sav-ing lives. If you stand on a street corner in Or-egon and look around, there is a pretty good chance you will see a Dreamer. You may not know it because they are full members of our community, and you will see them contributing. But they have overcome a lot of obstacles, which creates a grit of character. It also helps to build the future of our Na-tion, just as it did for those of our fore-fathers and foremothers who arrived 1 or 2 or 3 or 10 generations ago. We provided a program, the DACA Program, which struck a deal that said: If you give us all of your informa-tion, we will make sure that you are le-gally protected. President Trump has broken that promise. He has broken that deal, that commitment made by our executive branch to these Dream-ers. So it puts them in a terrible spot of uncertainty and stress and limbo. Now it is time to set that right. It could be set right by the President in a moment. Several of the courts have weighed in and said that the President has acted unconstitutionally in attacking our young immigrants, our Dreamers. But let’s not wait for the courts to remedy this. Let’s take care of it ourselves in this Chamber, the Senate Chamber. After months and months of inaction, after broken promises by President Trump, let’s finally protect these men and women who do so much to embody the American spirit. As we move forward in this debate, we must look again to what our Found-ing Fathers intended for the Nation they created and ensure that the ‘‘gold-en door’’ that the poet Emma Lazarus wrote about in her poem remains an open door, open to all those who dream to become an American and to con-tribute to this Nation. We must re-main, in President Washington’s words, ‘‘open to receive not only the Opulent and Respected, but the oppressed and persecuted of all Nations.’’ Yet, looking at the plan that Presi-dent Trump has put forward and simi-lar plans offered in this Chamber, there is a real interest in slamming the door shut by those who have already arrived as immigrants, who have fled persecu-tion, who have pursued freedom, who have pursued opportunity, and who have escaped from famine to come in and slam the door on everyone else. It is not very American to do that, and it is not a strength to undermine the fu-ture success of our economy by drain-ing away the extraordinary talents of our Dreamer community. President Johnson made the point. He said: ‘‘The land flourished because it was fed from so many sources—be-cause it was nourished by so many cul-tures and traditions and peoples.’’ President Ronald Reagan made the point. He said: ‘‘More than any other country, our strength comes from our own immigrant heritage and our capac-ity to welcome those from other lands.’’ The founding President of our coun-try, a respected Democratic President of our country, and a respected Repub-lican President of our country have said the same thing: The strength of our country is in the contributions that have been made by our immi-grants. The Founding Fathers wrote those words, that mission statement, that this would be a nation of, by, and for the people, not one to make laws by and for the powerful and the privileged. That is the vision we need to continue to hold on to—to understand that the strength of this Nation comes from weaving together the many cultural threads of the people of the United States of America. Let’s get this Dream Act to this floor. There is a bipartisan under-standing around restoring legal status. There is a bipartisan foundation for border security. Let’s not give in to those far-right Breitbart voices that are so out of sync with the traditions, the strength, the culture, and the vi-sion of our Nation. Let’s restore the legal status for our Dreamers, enhance our border security, and do the work that this Chamber should have done long ago. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Missouri. Mr. BLUNT. Mr. President, I am pleased to come and talk today. This is a week where we had all an-ticipated a return to the Senate, where ideas are widely debated. I was stand-ing by the majority leader last week when he was talking about this, and he said that we will let a thousand flowers bloom. It didn’t sound like something Senator MCCONNELL would normally use as a reference, but he did, and I am thinking, well, that would be a good thing, to see a thousand different ideas widely debated on the Senate floor. So far this week, there has not been any debate because we can’t seem to agree on who votes on what first. I think that is a particular level of dys-function that we should all be con-cerned about. For the Senate to do its work, we have to be willing to vote and we have to be willing to take some hard votes. My sense of politics today is, whether you have taken the vote or not, someone is going to accuse you of taking that vote. So you might as well not worry about the vote you take; just worry about the work we get done and whatever votes are necessary to be taken to get that done. On this topic, it does seem to me that we have two issues here that should be solved, two issues on which there is broad agreement. I have said for a long time that there are really three ques-tions in the immigration debate that need to be answered: No. 1, how do we secure the border; No. 2, what are the legitimate workforce needs of the country; and No. 3, what do we do with people who came and stayed illegally? As we think about securing the bor-der, by the way, half the people who are in the country illegally came le-gally and just stayed. So it is not all a border issue, but it clearly is partly and significantly a border issue. One of the things that people expect a government to be able to do is to se-cure its own borders. Often, when we hear a story of a country somewhere in the world in which the government has disintegrated and is no longer in con-trol of the country, one of the first things that are mentioned by people talking about that dysfunctional gov-ernment is that they don’t control their own borders. It truly is a legiti-mate expectation of a functioning gov-ernment that you control your own borders. It is also a legitimate expecta-tion of government that you look at 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.021 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES944 February 14, 2018 
your economy and you look at what workforce needs you have that aren’t being met and figure out the best way to meet those workforce needs. In this debate, because we haven’t controlled our borders and because we haven’t kept track of people who le-gally crossed our borders and as a re-sult, we have some number of people— usually the estimate is about 11 mil-lion people in the country—who are not here legally, what do we do with those people? My view has always been that if the government met its primary responsi-bility, which is an immigration system that works, the American people would be very forward-leaning about those other two issues, because nobody really argues that if we don’t have people here to do the work that needs to be done, whether it is highly skilled or not highly skilled, we ought to be thinking about what we need to do to get people here who can do that work. Also, what do we need to do to keep people here who came here to get train-ing to do highly skilled jobs and grad-uated from colleges and universities or other skill-enhancing things that hap-pened while they were here. If they want to stay, my view is that if they didn’t do anything that got them in trouble while they were here, we should almost always want them to stay. If we don’t have that skill set in our economy, why wouldn’t we come up with ways to reach out and get it? Those who are not here legally, gen-erally, I think if people thought the problem was solved, if they thought that the government had truly met its responsibility to operationally control the borders and that the government had met its responsibility to keep track of who comes in legally and know if they have left or not—I mean, there is no retail store in America that doesn’t have a better sense of its inven-tory than we do of whether people who have legally come into the country and checked in with a Customs officer—we don’t know if they have left. We couldn’t tell you in weeks, perhaps, whether somebody is still here, even if they did everything exactly the way they were supposed to do it. This debate is largely driven by the most sympathetic of all of those groups: that group of people who came here and were brought here by someone else who entered the country ille-gally—often by their own parents—but have grown up in America. My first response, and I think the re-sponse of most Americans when they think about that, is that kids who grew up here, kids who went to school here, kids who haven’t gotten in bad trouble while they were here, kids who have no real memory or connection with the country they were brought from—of course we want them to stay; of course we want them to be part of our econ-omy. Because they are an even younger society than we would be without them, why wouldn’t we want that to happen? In some respects, we have two sepa-rate issues here. People who were raised here, who have done everything that anybody else would do to accli-mate as an American in all ways, who went to school here, who did every-thing else here—70 or 80 percent of the American people, and I occasionally see a number even higher than that, believe they should be allowed to stay. More and more, as people think about that, they also believe that after they have been here, like any other im-migrant who came to the country le-gally, they would eventually be able to take the test and go through the proc-ess to become a citizen. That is a wide-ly accepted premise that this debate should be built on. Another widely accepted premise that this debate should be built on is that 70 percent or so of the American people—and it would be a higher per-centage if people really knew the facts—believe the government has not met its responsibility to secure our own borders. Let’s assume that number is 70. We have two 70 percent issues. We would assume that a working Congress could take two 70 percent issues and come up with a solution that makes its way to the President’s desk and solves both of these problems. We are not going to solve these prob-lems by saying: OK, we are going to solve the problem for people who are already here, but we are not going to do anything to make it harder for oth-ers to be brought here illegally by someone who has control of them. We are not going to solve that? Of course that is not going to work. I don’t think whether you signed up for DACA should be a determiner, and apparently the President agrees. If you are here and in the category of those who were brought here and grew up here, whether you signed up as a DACA kid, you could still be part of that overall discussion of how to stay, and you still get to stay if we can come up with a solution for you to do that. But we are not going to solve that problem and say: We will have a study of the other problem to see what is wrong. If by now we largely don’t know what is wrong with the other problem, we are never going to figure out what is wrong with the other problem. In 1986, long before the Presiding Of-ficer or I came to Congress and maybe long before some of us graduated from high school, we were going to solve this problem. Everybody who was here ille-gally could stay if they wanted to, and the borders would be made secure. Here we are, over three decades later, still debating the same thing. We need to solve both of these prob-lems. If we can solve other problems while we are doing it, that is fine, too, but we need to come up with a solu-tion. There are a number of ideas out there as to how the Senate should move forward. On the DACA issue, it is important to remember that President Trump said: I am going to give the Congress 6 more months to solve this problem—until March 5. It is also important to know that the courts have allowed people to continue to sign up, so really the dead-line is somewhere beyond March 5. But the President said: I am going to give Congress 6 more months. President Obama didn’t do anything about this for years—not because he didn’t want to, I believe, but because he said he didn’t have the ability to. President Obama repeatedly said: The President cannot solve this problem; Congress has to solve the problem. In spite of 6 or 7 years of saying that he couldn’t solve this problem on his own, he ultimately decided to try to do it with an Executive order. The truth is, that Executive order was never going to do the job. I think President Obama knew that. When President Trump did his own order, he probably also knew he didn’t have the ability to do that any more than Presi-dent Obama had to do what he did. But both of these Presidents in their own way have tried to drive the Congress toward making a decision that comes up with a plan that works—a plan that works for kids who were brought here with no choice in the matter and a plan for seeing to it that kids can’t still be easily brought here with no choice. We need to let young people come here be-cause we need them here as part of our workforce, as part of our country. Legal immigration is what made America great. The rule of law is also what makes our country what it is. We can’t continue to let immigration be an area where we have decided there are laws that we will not enforce. The challenge for the Congress right now is to come up with a solution so that this problem is not going to con-tinue to be the same problem it is today, but as far as the problem today, we are going to solve it. We are going to solve it in a way that lets kids who grew up here become part of the solu-tion. I continue to be committed to strengthening our borders. I continue to be committed to stemming the tide of illegal immigration. Frankly, I con-tinue to be committed to the idea of legal immigration as part of contin-ually reinforcing and re-enthusing who we are. But I am also committed to finding a permanent solution for young people in that category who were brought here, grew up here, haven’t gotten in trouble while here, and have every reason to want to be part of the American dream and part of the Amer-ican people whom they have been part of up until now. I hope we can find common ground on a bill that does that. I hope we can pass a bill from the Senate that the House will also pass. If Senators think they have done their job by passing a bill that can’t possibly pass the House, that is just kicking the can down the road. We need to find a solution that really resolves this problem, and we solve this problem by putting a bill on the Presi-dent’s desk. To do that, we are going to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S945 February 14, 2018 
have to vote. We can’t do that by just having a quorum call or a vacancy here on the Senate floor. We have to be will-ing to vote. There are some things that I will en-thusiastically vote for and some things I will reluctantly not be able to vote for. But that doesn’t mean that I should say: If I can’t be for whatever is brought to the Senate floor, then I don’t want to vote on it or debate it. We can’t continue to tune in to a va-cant screen of the Senate floor. This is the week that we have all committed to having a real debate about solving as many problems as we can that relate to kids who were brought here and grew up here and solving that problem so other kids in these numbers are not likely to face that problem in the fu-ture. As I yield, I hope the floor is filled over the next couple of days with a vig-orous debate about the best way to solve the problem before us in a way that the people we work for will feel good about it and the people who are most impacted by our decision will feel equally the concern, the warmth, and the desire of our country to have a vi-brant economy that has people who want to be part of it, able to be part of it, and particularly people who grew up in the United States of America to be part of it. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Wyoming. 
TAX REFORM  
Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, it seems as though just about every day we get more good news about the tax relief law that Republicans passed. This week, the news is getting even better for a lot of people all across the country. By the end of this month, 90 percent of workers across the country will see more money in their take-home pay-checks. It doesn’t matter where they are. They can be in Meeteetse, WY, and they will see an increase in their pay-checks this week. That is because this Thursday, February 15, is the deadline for employers to start using the new IRS tax withholding tables. The IRS tells employers how much money to withhold from people’s paychecks so that their taxes work out pretty close at the end of the year. That is the way it is set up. Well, the IRS looked at the new tax law and saw that people are going to be paying lower taxes at the end of the year, so they put out the new tax tables. They told businesses to adjust how much money to withhold from a person’s paycheck and to do it by February 15, tomorrow. For 90 per-cent of Americans, this tax amount is going to be lower, which means their paychecks are going to be larger. A tax cut is the same as a raise. That is what we are seeing all across the country— people getting a raise in their pay. Some people have already gotten a paycheck with the new, higher wages. Others are going to get it very soon. The website Yahoo Finance crunched the numbers. They found that a typical worker making $60,000 a year will get an extra $112 in their paychecks every month because of the tax law. That is over $1,300 for the year. To me, that is very good news for American workers. I was at home in Wyoming this past weekend, traveling around the State, and I am hearing about it in all the dif-ferent communities I go to. People are saying: This has been better for me and my family personally. On top of this, a lot of workers are getting special bonuses and raises be-cause of the tax law. So not only are they getting more money because of the fact that the tax rates have been lowered, additionally, they are getting more money because they have gotten a raise or a bonus. It seems there are about 4 million hard-working Ameri-cans who are getting bonuses of hun-dreds or even thousands of dollars as a result of the new tax reform law. They are also getting extra money in their retirement plans. They are getting higher starting wages. We are seeing many places increasing the starting wages, some up to $15 an hour. More than 300 companies have said they are increasing all of these kinds of com-pensations as a direct result of the tax law. In my home State of Wyoming, peo-ple across the State are getting bo-nuses—bonuses. These are people who work at Home Depot, Lowe’s, Walmart, Starbucks, Wells Fargo, and other businesses that have familiar names to people across the country. They are also people who are working in smaller businesses, like the Jonah Bank in Wy-oming. It has branches in Casper and in Cheyenne. It is not a nationally known bank, but it is very important in our State and in our communities. Every employee of this bank is getting a $1,000 bonus. The bank is also increas-ing its giving in the communities in which it has branches. Workers benefit, and the community benefits. That is what happens when we change the tax law so Washington gets less and taxpayers get to keep more. That is why I voted for this tax law— to give the kind of tax relief that made these bonuses and these pay raises pos-sible. It is good for Wyoming, and it is good for people all across the country. It is interesting—it is even good for people in States whose Senators voted against the tax law. Ninety percent of people across the country are seeing the benefits no matter which State they are from. There is a business in Grand Rapids, MI, called the Mill Steel Company. They said last week that they are giv-ing an extra $1,000 to their workers be-cause of the tax law that every Repub-lican voted for and every Democrat voted against. Now, 400 people at that company are getting a bonus. Michigan has two Democratic Sen-ators. They both voted against the tax relief law. It still led to $1,000 bonuses for these 400 workers. What do the Sen-ators have to say about it now? Are they proud that they voted against the tax law? Are they glad they said no to these sorts of raises that made it pos-sible for people in their home States to get the bonuses? We know what NANCY PELOSI thinks. She went out and first she talked about how the tax law was Armageddon, and then she said it was the end of the world. Most recently, she said all the benefits people are getting under the tax law, in her words, are just ‘‘crumbs.’’ ‘‘Crumbs,’’ she said. For her, it may be different, but for a lot of Americans, a $1,000 bonus—certainly for the people in my home State of Wy-oming—is much more than crumbs. An extra $1,300—I talked about the worker earlier—in that paycheck is much more than crumbs. For a person with a start-ing wage of $15 an hour, that is more than crumbs. It is bad enough Democrats tried to keep people from getting the extra money—Democrats voted against it be-cause they didn’t want people to get the extra money, it seems to me. It is hard to believe they would continue this way and take pride in voting against it, but they did. Now it seems like Democrats want to insult people by saying what they are seeing and what their benefits are, are resulting in crumbs. It is completely unfair, and I think it is disrespectful to the Amer-ican people. These are just some of the cash bene-fits workers are getting from the tax law. Republicans predicted, during the debate over this law, there would be other benefits as well. We said busi-nesses would pay less in taxes, and some of them would be able to addi-tionally cut prices for consumers—let people buy things more cheaply. Americans are starting to see this prediction come true as well. One of the first places they are seeing it is in their utility bills. Gas, electric, and water utilities are cutting their rates because their taxes are going down under the law. In Vermont, the State’s only natural gas utility company is cutting rates by more than 5 percent because of the tax law. Both of the Senators from Vermont voted against the law, but it is the law Republicans passed that caused these rates to go down. In fact, people living in at least 23 States and the District of Columbia are going to be paying lower utility bills because of the tax relief law. An-other 26 States are looking into cut-ting rates. Rates are going down in California, Maryland, New York, Mas-sachusetts, Connecticut—States where every Democratic Senator voted against the tax law. What do these Democratic Senators have to say now? Are they proud of the fact they voted against the tax cuts that made it possible for people to have lower utility bills in their States? When people’s monthly bills get cut, it is like a pay hike—more money in their own pockets. They have more money to either save or to spend on other things or to invest. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.023 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES946 February 14, 2018 
The owner of a gym in Cincinnati, OH, spoke with his local television sta-tion about what tax relief means for him. He said: 
When people have that extra money to spend, they spend it. 
Some save it. 
They go out to eat. They buy gym mem-berships. And they enjoy themselves. 
People have that extra money to spend now, today, because of the tax law Republicans passed. They have the extra money despite every Democrat in this body voting against tax relief. Every one of them said no. They all voted no. Democrats who voted no to tax relief for American families essen-tially voted yes to keep the extra money in Washington so they can de-cide how to spend it. I have much more faith in people at home in Wyoming deciding how to spend their money than any faith I have in Washington, DC. For so many Americans, every dollar helps, and they are not crumbs. Democrats may not know the difference, but the Amer-ican families do. People in every State of this country know the difference. The American people understand what Republicans did with this tax law. They are seeing more money in their paychecks, more take-home pay, more money to decide what to spend and what to invest and what to save. They know Republicans promised to cut people’s taxes. People know Repub-licans delivered on the promise. They know the benefits they have gotten al-ready, and they are confident the econ-omy will continue to grow stronger day by day. People across the country also know the fact that every Democrat voted against this law, voted against giving them a tax break, voted against allow-ing them to keep more of their hard- earned money. The American people know who took their side, who voted for the American public versus who said no. Hard-working Americans asked us to do a job for them. Repub-licans are doing the job; Democrats in Washington certainly are not. Repub-licans are going to keep doing that job for the American people—a job we have promised and a job which we have de-livered. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. HIRONO. Mr. President, it is time for the Senate to do its job as a separate branch of government. This week, we can come together on a bipartisan basis to resolve the crisis Donald Trump created when he can-celed DACA. We can provide hundreds of thousands of young people in our country their shot at pursuing the American dream without fear of depor-tation. Right now, these young people who were brought to this country as children are terrified they will be sepa-rated from their families and the lives they have built here, in the only coun-try they know and love. I have met and spoken with so many Dreamers in the Halls of Congress these past months. Their focus, deter-mination, and commitment in this fight continues to be extraordinary and inspiring. Each Dreamer has a different story to tell, but they all share a pro-foundly simple aspiration—to live, work, and study in the only country they have ever called home. When you sit and listen to their sto-ries, it is not difficult to understand why between 80 and 90 percent of Amer-icans support protecting these Dream-ers—people like Karen, Maleni, and Be-atrice, who can attend the University of Hawaii because of DACA; people like Victor, from Houston, who aspires to become a counselor for LGBTQ youth like him; and people like Getsi, from Oregon, who works three jobs so she can pursue her dream of becoming a nurse practitioner to care for our sen-iors. These inspiring young people don’t need to hear any more promises. They need Members of Congress to put their votes where their mouths have been and do the right thing. Like many of my colleagues, I strongly support passing a clean Dream Act—legislation that already has bi-partisan support—but it is critical that we get to the 60 votes we need to pass a bill. I am open to discussing different provisions, including some funding for border security to help us get there. We can and should have a debate on com-prehensive immigration reform but only after we pass legislation this week to protect the Dreamers. We cannot and should not use this debate to pro-vide cover for efforts to dismantle the family-based immigration system or to make massive cuts to legal immigra-tion. The President and a number of col-leagues have made it clear they would like to eliminate family-based immi-gration in favor of a system that is de-signed only to recruit immigrants with advanced degrees and specialized skills. It is important for the United States to recruit highly skilled immigrants, and we have a number of immigration pro-grams that are designed specifically for this purpose, but when you restrict im-migration only to people with highly specialized skills or advanced degrees, you lose out on a lot of human poten-tial that has historically contributed so much to our country. We don’t have to look far back into history to prove why this statement is true. Over the past week, the Olympics has captured the excitement and imagina-tion of people across the country—in fact, the world. Many of the people we have been cheering for are either the children of immigrants or are immi-grants themselves. Over the weekend, we saw Mirai Nagasu, whose parents emigrated from Japan, become the first American woman to land a triple axel in the Olympics during her appearance in the team figure skating competition. Yes-terday, we saw Maame Biney, who im-migrated to the United States from Ghana, take to the ice to compete in the short track speed skating. Two nights ago, I watched Chloe Kim throw down a near perfect score in the women’s snowboard halfpipe to win the Olympic Gold Medal. After completing her history-making run, the cameras panned to her father Jong Jin Kim, who proudly waved his ‘‘Go Chloe’’ sign in the audience. Jong arrived in California in 1982 with $800 in his pocket. He worked for years at minimum wage jobs to save for college. While studying at El Ca-mino College, he worked as a heavy machinery operator at night. Jong en-couraged Chloe to begin snowboarding when she was 4. They would jump off the lifts together, but because he didn’t know how to snowboard, they would tumble to the ground. Jong bought Chloe her first snowboard on eBay for $25. When Chloe was 8, Jong quit his job as an engineer to support her snowboarding career. He would often wake up at 2 a.m. in the morning to drive Chloe over 300 miles to her prac-tices. After watching his daughter win the Olympic Gold, Jong said in Korean, ‘‘When I came to the United States, this was my American hope. Now, this is my American dream.’’ In reflecting on her father’s sacrifice, Chloe said, ‘‘My dad has definitely sac-rificed a lot for me, and I don’t know if I could do it if I was in his shoes, leav-ing your life behind and chasing your dream because your kid is passionate about this sport. I think today I did it for my family, and I am so grateful to them.’’ Chloe’s story of winning the Olympic Gold is extraordinary, but her father’s story speaks to a deep and abiding foundation of America and to my per-sonal experience as an immigrant. My mom also came to this country— poor and without skills to escape an abusive marriage—to give her three children, of which I am one, a chance at a better life. Like Jong and Chloe, one generation after my mom came to this country, I am standing on the floor of the U.S. Senate, fighting for humane immigration policies. These stories speak to the broader immigrant experience in our country. We work hard and embrace the oppor-tunities this country provides, and we often see the result of this hard work within a single generation. I would ask my colleagues: Do you think the United States would be bet-ter off if we prevented immigrants like Jong and me from coming to this coun-try? Targeting immigrants for dis-criminatory and harsh treatment is de-nying our country’s history. With the exception of our original peoples, ev-eryone came to our country from some-where else. We are fighting to preserve 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S947 February 14, 2018 
the spirit of our country—that shining city on a hill. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, like my colleagues from whom we are hearing today, I also rise to talk about the importance of protecting the Dreamers, not just in the State of Ne-vada but across this country. I want to talk specifically about a term that I constantly hear during this debate on how we need to protect Dreamers and at the same time address this issue of ‘‘chain migration.’’ I call on my colleagues and President Trump to really stop using that term and to abandon the offensive and misleading term of ‘‘chain migration’’ because it paints a picture that does not reflect reality. Immigrants cannot sponsor their en-tire families to come here. Our system of family-based immigration allows American citizens and green card hold-ers to petition for some of their imme-diate family members to join them in the United States. There are numerous steps families must take to legally im-migrate to the United States. It is a long and arduous process that leaves husbands, wives, parents, brothers, and sisters waiting for decades. This sys-tem is so broken and slow that many people die before they ever have the chance to be reunited with their loved ones again. So this image of immigrants coming in endless chains across our borders couldn’t be further from the truth. For instance, the U.S. Citizenship and Im-migration Services is currently proc-essing visa applications for the siblings of U.S. citizens from 1994. That is 24 years ago. This backlog is painful for many American families, like Fely. Fely is an immigrant from the Phil-ippines who arrived in the United States with her husband and her youngest son back in 1989. Her father was a veteran who served in World War II, earned his citizenship, and peti-tioned to have Fely join him in the U.S. In the almost three decades since then, Fely has worked tirelessly to re-unite with her other children. Now at 80 years old, she is still waiting and hoping that three of her children will make it through the backlog to join her at home. Her story shows us that sponsoring even your closest family members is a lengthy and difficult process. Tragically, Fely’s struggle is not uncommon. Thousands of Filipino veterans all across this country are in the same situation. As a daughter and granddaughter of veterans, I know firsthand that when someone answers the call of duty, fam-ily members make sacrifices too. I sup-port Senator H
IRONO ’s Filipino Vet-erans Family Reunification Act, a bill that would expedite the visa process for Filipino World War II veterans’ im-mediate relatives. We should honor the sacrifices that veterans and their fami-lies make by passing this bill, not by forcing them to wait in perpetual limbo. Our immigration system reflects our national commitment to the strength and importance of the family unit. Families are support systems. They pull each other up when someone is in need and pull together their resources. Strong families build strong commu-nities. Karl is a 20-year-old Filipino-Amer-ican community organizer born and raised in North Las Vegas. Karl’s whole family is committed to community service. While attending high school, Karl’s brother volunteers at an organi-zation that serves the homeless. Karl’s mother teaches special education in North Las Vegas to low-income chil-dren. Karl’s dad is a mechanic and a military veteran, having served this country in multiple branches of the armed services. None of them would be here if not for our family-based, legal immigration system. Some of my Republican colleagues claim to be champions of strong, nu-clear families and family values. Yet here we are today, considering a meas-ure that would tear apart families like Karl’s, that would leave parents with-out children, sisters without brothers, and husbands without wives. Why does the party of family values think that is acceptable? The problem is that the party of Don-ald Trump is not the party of family values. Donald Trump doesn’t care about families. He wants to be able to pick and choose which families get to come in and which have to stay out. The White House immigration plan we are considering would cut legal immi-gration by up to 44 percent. That is half a million more immigrants who would be banned each year. This is one of the largest xenophobic-driven cuts to legal immigration since the 1920s. It would affect nearly 22 million people over the next five decades. What is going on here? What are they so afraid of? I recently sat down with immigrant workers in the Senate and the Pen-tagon who are about to lose their pro-tections from deportation. One of them told me that she left El Salvador after seeing her husband brutally murdered in front of her and her son. She has been working for the Federal Govern-ment for the past two decades, serving the very men and women who are pre-paring to vote to send her back to the country she fled with her children. I also spoke with a Dreamer who works right here in the Senate cafe-teria. She is the sole provider for her three American-citizen children, and she, too, is afraid that under Donald Trump’s deportation policy, she is going to be ripped apart from her chil-dren and sent back to a country that she fled. These are the people Donald Trump wants to throw out of their homes. They are not asking for special treat-ment or handouts or giveaways. They just want to be allowed to stay and work hard and provide for their fami-lies. They don’t want to have to go back to a place where they will have to live every day in fear for their lives and for their children’s lives. This President will tell you that im-migrants are taking jobs. That is a myth. It is a lie that has been spread about every immigrant group in Amer-ican history, and it has been repeatedly debunked by economic research. Ac-cording to the National Academy of Sciences National Research Council, a typical immigrant family will pay an estimated $80,000 more in taxes than they receive in public benefits over their lifetime. Immigrant families bring long-term economic benefits to our country by starting businesses, purchasing prop-erty, and supporting the education and achievement of their children. Re-search shows that immigrants drive growth. They generate new patents at twice the rate of native-born Ameri-cans. In 2014, they earned $1.3 trillion and contributed $105 billion in State and local taxes and nearly $224 billion in Federal taxes. Immigrants are 30 percent more likely to start a business in the United States than non-immigrants, and 18 percent of small business owners in the United States are immigrants. They create jobs right here in the United States. Jobs are not the problem here. The problem is the color of immi-grants’ skin. We have a President of the United States who has wondered out loud why we can’t have more Whites come to this country. President Trump denies being a racist. For a non-racist, he has done a shockingly good job of cultivating support among White supremacists. This is not about the color of people’s skin, but this is about family. This is about strong nuclear families and fam-ily values. I am proud of who I am, where I came from, and I am a descend-ant of immigrants. But I also learned and believe in strong values and strong family values, and we lead with those values. So our immigration system should reflect our national commit-ment to the strength and the impor-tance of that family unit and those family values. It makes no sense to me that we are fighting today to protect these kids and keep them in this country and then take their parents and rip them out of their homes and send them back to a country that they do not want to go to, that they do not call home, and where their safety is called into ques-tion. I don’t understand that as a fam-ily value or as an American value. So I ask my colleagues, when we are talking about the immigration system 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:53 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.026 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES948 February 14, 2018 
and protecting Dreamers, let’s imple-ment commonsense immigration re-form. Let’s make sure that when we are protecting Dreamers, we are also protecting their family unit and those family values. This is not about pitting parents against their kids or having kids decide whether they should stay here or their parents should. No child should have to go to school concerned that when they come home, their parents may not be there. I don’t know about you, but I went through the public school system in the State of Nevada, and I was always, always comforted with the thought that when I walked through that door, my mother and father would be there. Any other way to treat these children and their families, to me, is inhumane. They are not values that we stand for as Ameri-cans, and they are not values that we lead with when we are talking about commonsense reforms to immigration. So I ask my colleagues: Please, as we go through this debate, remember who we are talking about. There are faces, there are families, there are people be-hind the very decisions that we make this week. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from New Mexico. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent to speak as in morning business. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. HEINRICH. Mr. President, as the Senate takes to the floor to debate a long-overdue, bipartisan solution for Dreamers—young immigrants who came to our country as children—I would like to tell you a story about one Dreamer in my home State of New Mexico to illustrate what is at stake here this week. Immigrants have long helped to write the economic, social, and cultural story of my home State of New Mexico and, for that matter, our entire Nation. We are, after all, a nation of immi-grants. Over the last centuries, our Na-tion’s foundation and the enduring American spirit were built by the hard work and the dreams of so many striv-ing young immigrants. When President Trump made the out-rageous decision last fall to end the De-ferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Program—DACA—he threw hundreds of thousands of Dreamers deep into fear and uncertainty. Two weeks ago, I was proud to welcome Ivonne Orozco- Acosta, one of the estimated 7,000 Dreamers from New Mexico, as my guest at the State of the Union Ad-dress. Ivonne’s family immigrated to the United States when she was 12 years old. She learned English through mid-dle school and graduated from high school in Estancia, NM. It was during these challenging years of learning that Ivonne was encouraged by her teachers to grow and to learn. Ivonne knows the power that educators hold to create positive change in students’ perspective of themselves. Ivonne attended the University of New Mexico, where she earned her BA in secondary education with a con-centration in Spanish. It is estimated that somewhere between 500 and 1,000 students at the University of New Mex-ico right now are Dreamers like Ivonne. These are some of our brightest students, and they are our future lead-ers. Since she graduated from UNM 4 years ago, Ivonne has been teaching Spanish at the Public Academy for Performing Arts, a charter school in Albuquerque, NM. Ivonne told me what DACA has meant for her. DACA allowed her to get a work permit, to follow her pas-sion for education. It made it possible for her to buy a home and her first car. It has also given her an opportunity to impact the lives of her students each day and to contribute to our State’s economy as a teacher and as a tax-payer. DACA gave Ivonne, in her words, ‘‘a sliver of hope’’—hope that she will finally be able to have a per-manent home and a place in the only country that she knows how to call home. Because of her excellent teaching in the classroom and her incredible pas-sion for her students, Ivonne was just selected as the 2018 New Mexico Teach-er of the Year by the New Mexico Pub-lic Education Department. That is right; Ivonne has been recognized as the teacher of the year for our entire State. Ivonne’s commitment to education and to giving back to her community is truly inspiring, and it reminds us just how much is at stake for New Mexico and our country in this debate. Our State already struggles to keep schools filled with teachers and has one of the highest teacher turnover rates in the Nation. Dreamers across the country, like Ivonne, are stepping up to serve our communities, to teach our stu-dents. Nearly 9,000 of the Dreamers who re-ceived temporary legal status and work permits through the DACA Program are teachers like Ivonne. Many more are firefighters; they are police offi-cers; they are scientists; they are doc-tors; they are members of our military. These inspiring young people are Americans in every sense of the word, except for a piece of paper, and they want nothing more than to be produc-tive members of their communities. But until Congress passes the Dream Act, these young people like Ivonne will continue to worry about whether they will be able to stay in school, keep working, contributing to our economy, or remain even in their homes and their neighborhoods. I have to ask: Why would we even consider threatening to deport the teacher of the year from my State? I simply cannot accept that as living up to all that our Nation stands for. The Santa Fe New Mexican covered Ivonne’s visit to Washington. The New Mexican’s editorial board said: ‘‘It is no exaggeration to state that as the immigration debate goes, so does her future.’’ They went on to call the immigra-tion debate we are engaging here in Congress as a fight ‘‘for the soul of this country, founded and strengthened by immigrants throughout our history.’’ I, for one, hope that we can learn from the best and most challenging parts of our Nation’s history of immi-gration and understand that Dreamers like Ivonne are part of the immigra-tion story that has always made our Nation great. Deporting these young people who grew up in America and want to contribute to their Nation is not what the America that I know and love would do. Dreamers deserve com-monsense, compassionate, and respon-sible policy. Two weeks ago, while President Trump was taking cheap shots at im-migrants during his State of the Union Address and insinuating that all immi-grants and asylum seekers pose an ex-istential danger to our children and our families, I couldn’t help but think of the impacts of his words on Ivonne as she sat in the Gallery. There are hundreds of thousands of Dreamers like her. They are truly bright spots and rising stars in our communities and in our country, and the time has come for us to stop playing politics with their lives. Let’s stop stirring up fear and di-vision when we should be working to find a real path forward. This week, I believe we have a path forward here in the Senate in this de-bate, and we must pass a bipartisan im-migration bill that includes the Dream Act in the Senate and in the House. I will do everything I can to pass a solu-tion for Dreamers, to create rational border security policies, and to make the investments that our border region and its communities actually need. I will stand with New Mexicans against President Trump’s fear-based and un-American views, frankly, on immigration and his offensive and wasteful border wall that have no place in this debate. I hope that each of us in this body recognizes our moral responsibility and our obligation to live up to our Na-tion’s ideals and its values. We must act with a sense of urgency to find a way forward for these Dreamers. Every day that passes without our passing the Dream Act is another day of des-peration and limbo for young people like Ivonne who only know America as their home. Now is the time to give these young Americans a permanent place and an earned path to citizenship in our Nation. I will do everything I can every step of the way to make that happen. Thank you, Mr. President. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. T
OOMEY ). The Senator from Con-necticut. 
SOUTH FLORIDA SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. MURPHY. Mr. President, as we speak, there is a horrific scene playing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.028 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S949 February 14, 2018 
out in a high school in South Florida. Turn on your television right now, and you will see scenes of children running for their lives—what looks to be the 19th school shooting in this country, and we have not even hit March. I am coming to the floor to talk about something else, but let me note once again for my colleagues that this happens nowhere else other than the United States of America, this epi-demic of mass slaughter, this scourge of school shooting after school shoot-ing. It only happens here, not because of coincidence, not because of bad luck, but as a consequence of our inaction. We are responsible for the level of mass atrocity that happens in this country with zero parallel anywhere else. As a parent, it scares me to death that this body doesn’t take seriously the safety of my children, and it seems as though a lot of parents in South Florida are going to be asking that same question later today. We pray for the families and for the victims. We hope for the best. Mr. President, I came to the floor today to talk about immigration. I want to make a specific case to you today, but before I do, I want to talk a little about process. I heard a lot of my friends on the Re-publican side of the aisle say on this floor and in the Halls of Congress that President Trump has made an immi-gration proposal and Democrats have been asking for an immigration pro-posal, so we should just accept his first and only offer. What is the big deal? President Trump gave you something that says ‘‘immigration’’ on it. Why aren’t you accepting it? It is a terrible proposal. It is bad for America. To his credit, President Trump does attempt to try to deal with these Dreamer kids, but there are 3 million potentially eligible individuals in this country, and it only allows about 1.8 million of them to get through the process. But that is really not the worst part. The worst part is that it cuts legal im-migration by 40 percent. It basically abandons this country’s commitment to family-based immigration. I wouldn’t be here if we only had skills- based immigration. Most Members of this body wouldn’t be here if the only way that your parents or grandparents or great-grandparents could have come here is because of a Ph.D. or a degree or a certificate. Most of the people in this Chamber, I would imagine, are here because their parents or great- grandparents or great-great-grand-parents came here because they had friends or family here. Let’s not re-imagine the history of this country. Democrats aren’t obligated to accept the first offer from this President if it is not good for America. Negotiation still has to be part of the legislative process, and I am glad there are Mem-bers of the Republican and Democratic caucuses who have been trying to do that. We will see where that goes. The President has put this proposal on the table that dramatically cuts im-migration into this country because he sees immigration as a core weakness of this country. He views new entrants to America as an economic drain. That is why he wants to potentially kick out 3 million Dreamer kids next month if we don’t act. That is why he wants to dra-matically cut down the number of peo-ple who are allowed to legally immi-grate to America. He views immigrants as a problem that needs to be dealt with. And he is not alone. Many Ameri-cans agree. I, frankly, hear from them regularly in Connecticut. Frankly, one could also argue that there is nothing more American than being scared of immigrants. Every sin-gle new wave of immigrants to our shores has been met with some degree of fear and derision and prejudice. Like clockwork, every generation or two, American politicians denounce immi-grants as a threat to the American- born worker. In the 1850s, growing numbers of Catholic immigrants from Ireland—as the Murphys came—and from Germany led to an anti-immigrant party arising in this country that elected more than 100 Congressmen, eight Governors, and thousands of local politicians. They claimed that Catholics could never be Americans because they owed alle-giance to the Pope. Starting in the 1880s, hundreds of thousands of Chinese immigrants began to immigrate to the west coast, causing a spike in anti-Chinese senti-ment that eventually resulted in the passage of something called the Chi-nese Exclusion Act. Fearing those who are different from us in skin color or religion or national origin or language is an unmistakable facet of American history, but over and over again, we have overcome these base instincts because our better an-gels prevail but also because of this bright, straight line that connects America’s liberal immigration policy with our economic greatness. I want to take just a couple of min-utes to make for you a compact but ir-refutable case for the correlation be-tween economic power and American immigrants. From 1870 to 1910, it is no coincidence that America’s transformation into a global economic powerhouse occurred during a period of massive influx of human capital. During that time, near-ly 15 percent of all Americans were for-eign-born. That is a share that our country has never reached since then. This period of unprecedented growth forever dispelled the myth that we still labor under today that the number of American jobs is fixed. Immigrants in-crease demand, and that increased de-mand creates jobs. Organizations from the National Academy of Sciences to the conserv-ative Cato Institute have done their own studies on this question and have come to the same conclusion. Cato recently said this: 
Immigrants add jobs, in part by raising consumer demand. So getting rid of immi-grants, such as by deporting unauthorized workers, would most likely destroy jobs and raise native unemployment. That makes sense, right? But if you don’t believe that immigrants create growth, there is another, even simpler explanation as to why we need robust immigration. At present birth rates, we don’t have enough people born here to fill all the jobs that are going to be created in the next 20 years. It is esti-mated that, accounting for growth, America is going to need 83 million new workers to enter the workforce in the next 20 years. But here is the prob-lem. Only 51 million new workers will be native-born. That leaves us 32 mil-lion short. Unless folks start churning out a lot more babies, immigration is the only way to fix that deficit. Not convinced? Well, think about how the Federal budget works. Most of our budget is social insurance—work-ing-age Americans paying into ac-counts that pay benefits to older, non-working Americans. You need a bal-ance between the two in order to not go bankrupt. Many of our competitor nations around the world are spiraling toward this demographic cataclysm. By 2030, the median age in Japan, with strict immigration policies, is going to be over 50. It is extraordinary. Do you want to know why Germany is so inter-ested in bringing refugees into their country? Because without them, their median age in 2030 will be 48. Budgets simply can’t work with that many re-tirees and that few workers. Because of America’s liberal immigration policy, our average age, which today is 38, will increase in 2030 to just 39. During that time, China—another country that doesn’t really allow immigration—will go from having a median age that is 2 years younger than that of the United States to 3 years older. In 2010, undocumented immigrants and their employers sent $13 billion to Social Security. Without them, the trust fund would be out of money today. You are not there yet? Let’s talk jobs. Just ask your farmers in your State how important lower skilled im-migration is to keeping their farms afloat. But let’s talk about high-skilled jobs. Would it shock you to know that 31 percent of Ph.D. holders in this country are immigrants? It is amazing. And more than one-quarter of all high- quality patents in the United States are being granted to immigrants. How about a study from 3 years ago that Senator C
ORTEZ MASTO referred to that found that immigrants are twice as likely as native-born Americans to start a business. That is not good enough for you? Here is a mind blower: 43 percent of Fortune 500 companies in the United States were founded or co-founded by an immigrant or a child of an immigrant. You know who they are. The founder of eBay came to the United States from France, where he was born to Iranian parents. Google’s cofounder, Sergey Brin, emigrated with his family from Russia when he was 6. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.030 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES950 February 14, 2018 
Elon Musk, who started SpaceX, which has 4,000 employees, came from South Africa. Daniel Aaron, who cofounded Comcast, was a refugee of Nazi Ger-many. Henry Ford was an Irish immi-grant. Estee Lauder’s family was Hun-garian. Herman Hollerith, one of the founders of IBM, had German parents. You don’t want Ford or IBM or Google to be part of the American story? Then keep saying immigrants are an eco-nomic drain. Margaret Thatcher once marveled of America: ‘‘No other nation has so suc-cessfully combined people of different races and nations within a single cul-ture.’’ This combination is our defini-tion as a nation, but it is also the story of our economic greatness, of our sprawling leap in under two short cen-turies from an idea to the biggest, most dynamic economy on the face of the planet. To deny that history or to misremember it would be perhaps an irreversible error. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, some of what I just heard, I can readily agree to. Certain things, such as that we are a nation of immigrants—no doubt about that. We need immigrants. We take roughly 800,000 to 1 million legal immigrants a year. They are welcomed. We also, though, are a nation of laws, and as a nation of laws, we want people to come here according to our laws and abide by the laws. We are working with a group of peo-ple. If you call them DACAs, it would be about 800,000. If you refer to them as Dreamers, it is maybe 1.8 million. We obviously have sympathy for them be-cause as a baby brought here in diapers by a person or family who crossed our border without papers, hence entering our country illegally—we don’t at-tribute the sin and the unlawfulness of the parent to the baby. A lot of that has happened. There is a general agreement—maybe not everybody in my political party agrees with this, but I think 80 percent of them do—that we need to deal with people who are here through no fault of their own and give them legal status. That is the compassion we are showing for people who broke our laws by their parents doing it but not the kids doing it. I also didn’t ever think we would be here today debating this because I went through the 2013 debate on immi-gration. The Senate passed a bill; the House of Representatives didn’t take it up. I was in the minority at that time, both in the caucus that was in the mi-nority as well as in the minority that voted against that bill, because I didn’t think it did things the way I would do them. Everything died in the House of Representatives. Then, 2 years later, I became chairman of the Judiciary Committee. We have jurisdiction over immigration legislation. I could have spent 3 months on immigration during 2015 or 2016 and sent a bill to the House of Representatives that probably would have died, but I made up my mind early in my chairmanship that I want-ed to do things that we could get passed. So over the period of the last Congress, my committee voted out 31 bills, all bipartisan, and 18 of them got to a Democratic President. In 2015 and 2016, I felt, why go through that proc-ess if it is going to die in the House of Representatives? Now, a year later, after the election of a President who campaigned so much against anything dealing with immigration and legalization of people who are here—even young people, whom he has now come to the conclu-sion we ought to legalize—I didn’t think we would be having this debate, and somehow I think Members of the Democratic Party didn’t think we would be having this debate. I think they probably were shocked 2 or 3 weeks ago when the government shut down and when the majority leader de-cided to make an agreement to bring up this issue. But here we are, debating an immigration bill that, quite frank-ly, I didn’t think we would be debating. Here we are. Then, of course, we didn’t do any-thing Monday. We didn’t do anything on this issue Tuesday. I don’t know whether we are going to have any votes today, but here we are debating immi-gration. We have a chance to do what Members of the other political party, as advocates for Dreamers and DACA kids—and we have them on this side but maybe not as vocal or as loyal as Democrats are on this issue. Somehow, we are now having a difficult time get-ting the issue up and getting some-thing passed. I offer to my 99 colleagues something the President said he would sign. Maybe you don’t like exactly what is in that proposal. Then get it up and amend it, and let’s see what sort of compromise we can accomplish. But we are here because the leader said that we are going to work on this issue. It was something that the minority de-manded. We ought to reach a conclu-sion on it and get something to the President of the United States. Once we knew that this issue was going to come up—and we knew that on September 5 when the President said that he was not going to continue the illegal approach to the DACA kids that President Obama did. We have reason to believe this from court deci-sions on older people where they ruled that the President didn’t have the au-thority to do what he did with the DACA kids. In fact, at least a dozen times before he made that decision, he was telling the entire country he didn’t have the authority to do it, and then he went ahead and did it. So this President comes in, takes an oath to uphold the Constitution and the laws of this country, and he decides that he can’t continue what was con-sidered illegal activity by the previous President. This is a congressional deci-sion that needs to be made, and Con-gress ought to make it. We were told on September 5 to do something by March 5, and here we are. I heard from the previous speaker— and maybe a lot of speakers—that this is the President’s plan. Yes, this is something that the President said that he is going to support and will sign, but I want to say to you that the work that a group of us Senators have put into this issue over a period of the last 3 months, with about 18 meetings, 4 meetings with the President of the United States to discuss the issue— most of what is in the proposal that is put before you are things that a group of Senators put together. I would say that as our group met, we probably had subgroups of three who had different views, and some of them felt strongly about their positions, but everyone came together in a compromise that you see here before us in my amend-ment. In some of those meetings, we dis-cussed these things with the President, and I want to give the President credit. In a January 9 meeting that he had where he called together 23 of us—bi-partisan and bicameral—we were able to dial down all the things that we would be discussing on immigration, and we came to the conclusion that there were four main points that we ought to be dealing with. You have heard of these as the four pillars, but let me repeat them. No. 1 was legalization of these chil-dren who were brought here by their parents; No. 2 was border security; No. 3 was chain migration; and No. 4, diver-sity visa. We discussed these things with the President, and I suppose the President probably emphasized citizen-ship to a greater extent than maybe we did in our deliberations, but we have something that has been put together by Members of this body who have compromised, with none of us getting everything we wanted. We are fortu-nate enough to have the President’s backing on this. So I hope that you see this, not as we have heard from the other side as the President’s plan—as if seven of us who introduced this proposal somehow just took something from the White House and put our names on it, and it is here before the U.S. Senate—because that isn’t how it worked. I want to address some of the issues that have been put before us by people on the other side. I want to express—as you probably have seen me expressing already in my remarks so far—my frus-tration with the current status of the immigration debate here in the U.S. Senate. It amazes me that my col-leagues on the other side of the aisle simply aren’t ready to have a serious immigration debate. They have been demanding to have this debate for months. They have even shut the gov-ernment down to get to this point, and now we are actually on this issue that they have been demanding that we de-bate for months during this Congress— some on the other side of the aisle for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.031 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S951 February 14, 2018 
years—and now when it is time to put up or shut up, they have come up emp-tyhanded. Despite having weeks to pre-pare, Senate Democrats are still rush-ing to put some plan together. Let that sink in. Think about this just for a moment. The Senate Demo-crats recklessly shut down the Federal Government over immigration, and they did it over plans that they still largely haven’t drafted. That should be very frustrating, not only to this Sen-ator but to most of my colleagues, and it is exactly why the American people seem to have less faith in this process in Washington, DC. Even more frus-trating is that for 2 valuable days, they have refused to allow the Senate to de-bate immigration measures. I do understand why the Democrats are afraid to vote on ending sanctuary cities. Those policies of sanctuary cit-ies are massively unpopular with the American people. In other words, the American people feel that when the Constitution says that immigration law is one of the 18 powers of the United States, then no local or State government should be able to interfere with what the Constitution says is the supreme law of the land. I can’t understand why, for 2 days, Democrats have refused to allow us a debate on an issue like sanctuary cit-ies. That amendment would help us keep our communities safe from dan-gerous criminals, besides carrying out the intent of the Constitution that the Federal Government has complete au-thority over immigration. Who could be against an approach to send a signal that sanctuary cities aren’t justified when that is how to protect the American people from the criminal elements that some sanctuary cities protect? Apparently, the Demo-crats are, since they don’t seem to be for outlawing sanctuary cities. I guess another way to say it is that they could do more to protect hard- working Americans from the criminal element that is, albeit, a small part of the immigration community we are talking about, but it still creates havoc for people like the Steinle family, for example, where Kate was murdered by an alien who was a felon who had re-turned to this country not once but five times. In other words, I have to ask my col-leagues whether enforcement issues are legitimately a part of the immigration debate, and that is what the sanctuary city situation is all about. Isn’t border security more than just throwing money at infrastructure? Shouldn’t we be discussing how to reform our Na-tion’s laws so that dangerous criminal elements can’t inflict harm on inno-cent families? I am pretty sure—I am actually 100 percent confident—the answer to those questions is yes. Those are important issues to the American people. Those issues used to be discussed here. I have already mentioned the name of Kate Steinle, who was murdered by one of these people. I could add the names of Sarah Root and Jamel Shaw. These people all had dreams, too, but they had their lives ended by felons who had been deported but had come back into this country. If my colleagues were actually seri-ous about debating this issue, we would be discussing border enforcement. Sadly, it seems as though the plans that I have seen so far from my col-leagues fall short of that goal. Legalizing Dreamers—yes, who is going to argue with that? A little bit of money for border security—there is a lot to argue about there. But not doing something about criminal aliens who are a threat to law enforcement in this country and to the safety of our coun-try—it seems to me that ought to be a part of it. So we get all the people in this room who say they want to do something about border security by throwing money at it; yet they refuse to actu-ally give our law enforcement the legal tools that they need to protect Ameri-cans. Just a wall or whatever you want to call it—electric surveillance, more border patrol—it is all border security, but it is more than a wall. It takes more than just those things to protect the American people. I am here to tell you that it is a trag-edy that some people in this body just want to legalize some people for 1 year, 2 years, or 3 years and put maybe a lit-tle bit of money into border security with no commitment to the future. Then all we have done is kick the can down the road. Worse still, none of my colleagues’ proposals are being developed in a way that they can actually become law. Maybe for them, simply passing a par-tisan bill is enough. Leader S
CHUMER  said that this morning, and I was here listening to him. But that is not enough for this Senator. This Senator actually wants to see something passed into law that will provide real protec-tion for DACA kids. That is why I have offered an amend-ment that could actually pass the House of Representatives, and we know the President would sign it. Polls show that the framework a number of us de-veloped, along with the President’s input, is overwhelmingly popular. A Harvard Harris poll showed that 65 per-cent of the voters agreed with our plan, including 64 percent of Democratic vot-ers. So despite the hyperbole we hear from our colleagues, the plan that the President said he would sign is not only popular, but, again, it is the only plan that has any chance of becoming law. It is time for all of my colleagues to get serious about fixing DACA. It is time to stop posturing, to stop show-boating, and to stop simply trying to pass a bill out of the Senate that will not get considered in the other body and will not be signed by the President of the United States. The focus ought to be on making ac-tual law. If all of us here in the Senate, particularly those who are in the Democratic Caucus, focus on those things, then the choice for them will be very clear. They will vote for the amendment that the seven of us have put before the Senate called the Grass-ley amendment, they will back the President, and they will provide real security and real certainty to the DACA recipients and the American people. In fact, it is so simple for some on the other side who have been promising DACA certainty for years and some for a few months, but, more importantly, really strongly over the last three or four months. It is an opportunity for everything you have told those kids, including that you are going to get them legal and even give them a path to citizenship that you can deliver. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Pennsylvania. Mr. CASEY. Mr. President, I rise to speak about the issue that we are deal-ing with on the floor, and I am grateful for this opportunity. I wanted to first of all stress the crit-ical urgency that we act to protect America’s Dreamers. The United States is a proud Nation of immi-grants. Yet in September the adminis-tration insulted our values by an-nouncing a decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals Pro-gram, which we know by the acronym DACA. Dreamers are young people who have lived in our country since they were children. They are law-abiding resi-dents who have learned English. They have paid taxes, and they have secured jobs to support themselves and their families. Our government promised them that they would be protected if they came forward, and now the admin-istration, at least so far, has broken that promise. Democrats have been fighting for something on the Dream Act since the administration first announced its de-cision on DACA more than 5 months ago. We have yet to vote on a single piece of bipartisan legislation to pro-tect Dreamers. I do, however, commend the bipartisan work of a number of my colleagues in both parties who have come to the table to draft legislation that protects Dreamers and secures our border. With hundreds—soon to be thou-sands—of Dreamers losing protection every day, it is critical that we come together to pass bipartisan legislation that will provide permanent protec-tions for these remarkable young peo-ple. Dreamers are deeply integrated into communities across Pennsylvania, as well as in a lot of other States and across our country, of course. Dream-ers work as nurses, caring for our fami-lies. They work as teachers, educating our children, and as servicemen and servicewomen in our military, working to keep us safe. Take a young Pennsylvania Dreamer whom I met a few months ago—way back, I guess, in September. She was 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.033 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES952 February 14, 2018 
studying to be a nurse. Talking about her own life, she said: 
All I want to do is heal people. All I want to do is be a nurse. 
Then she became very upset thinking about whether or not she might have that opportunity because of what had not happened in Washington—no legis-lation passed to protect her. Another Dreamer from Lancaster, PA—the Presiding Officer knows that part of our State well—is Audrey Lopez. Audrey was brought to the United States from Peru when she was just 11 years old. Audrey spent most of her childhood in Pennsylvania, and her parents instilled in her the value of hard work and education. Like so many Dreamers, Audrey only learned that she was undocumented when she was applying to college and learned that she did not have a Social Security number. Despite not having access to financial aid, Audrey worked hard, and she graduated from college. After graduation, she took a job in public service working at Church World Services, assisting refugees with reset-tlement. This past fall, Audrey accept-ed a nearly full scholarship to Amer-ican University, where she will obtain a master’s degree in international de-velopment. Audrey is an American in every way but not on paper. She is continuing to work hard, despite not knowing if she will have a future in the country she calls home. We should be supporting young, hard- working people like Audrey who want to work in the service of others and our Nation. Instead, some, but not all—not all—Republicans are threatening her future—not only her future, but our Nation’s future—by making us less safe and, frankly, damaging our economy. Protecting Dreamers is not only the right thing to do, but it is also good for the American economy, and it is in our national security interests. DACA has enabled almost 800,000 young people to grow and thrive in America, including about 5,900 in Penn-sylvania. As part of the fabric of our community, these impressive young people, like Audrey, provide an enor-mous contribution to our society, in-cluding paying an estimated $2 billion each year in State and local taxes. By contrast, repealing DACA would amount to a loss of $460.3 billion from the national GDP over the next decade. So if you want to do it by year, it is roughly $46 billion a year for each of the 10 years. In Pennsylvania, ending DACA would result in an annual loss of $357.1 mil-lion to the State GDP, according to the Center for American Progress. Currently, about 900 Dreamers are serving in the U.S. military and more than one out of every seven DACA-eli-gible immigrants has language skills that are currently in short supply in the U.S. military. It makes no sense to remove these Dreamers from a country they call home. I believe it is both wrong and dangerous. The American people overwhelm-ingly support allowing Dreamers to stay in the United States. It is about time Congress listened to the nearly 80 percent of Americans who want to pass protections for Dreamers, along with increased border security so we can prevent this situation in the future. So it is time for action. We need a real compromise solution that will get 60 votes in the Senate and, of course, 218 votes in the House, and a signature from the President of the United States. While I have advocated in the past for a clean vote on the bipartisan Dream Act, which is what I would pre-fer, compromise will be critical to en-suring we get something done and sent to the President’s desk. In 2013, I and many others—67 other Senators—voted for a bipartisan immi-gration bill that would have doubled the number of Border Patrol agents. That bill also would have mandated 24- hour surveillance of the border using advanced technology, like drones, and it would have provided a pathway to citizenship for law-abiding immigrants. There are a number of bipartisan pro-posals to pair Dreamer protections with data-driven, sensible border secu-rity that focuses on public safety. I look forward to finally voting on these issues, and I hope my Republican colleagues will continue to work with us to secure our border and ensure that Dreamers like Audrey Lopez have a fu-ture they can count on. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The bill clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. G
ARDNER ). Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. TOOMEY. Mr. President, I want to speak about our immigration debate and my amendment in particular, but first let me say we are going to find out just how serious our colleagues are about granting not just legal status to the Dreamers—people who came to this country or were brought here illegally when they were children and couldn’t and shouldn’t be held accountable for that action. The proposal that will be available for a vote later this week will not just grant legal status but will ac-tually grant a path to citizenship. It goes well beyond the illegal Execu-tive order President Obama issued, and it will be available to far more people than those who took up President Obama’s illegal Executive order. It is really going to be an extraordinary mo-ment. I hope we are able to reach an agreement on this because I think this needs to get done. Mr. President, I want to first address an amendment I have offered that is now up and pending—and I think we will be voting on it at some point this week—which is all about keeping our communities safer by addressing the terrible problem of sanctuary cities. This is a problem that one father in particular knows all too well. On July 1 of 2015, Jim Steinle was walking arm in arm with his daughter Kate on a pier in San Francisco. Sud-denly, a gunman sprang out and opened fire, hitting Kate. She pleaded, ‘‘Help me, Dad,’’ as she bled to death in her father’s arms. Now, any murder is appalling, but one of the things that makes this even more appalling is that the shooter should never have been on the pier that day. The fact is, he was an illegal im-migrant who had been convicted of seven felonies and had been deported five times, but even more galling is, 3 months before the day he murdered Kate Steinle, this murderer was in the custody of the San Francisco Police Department. They had him. He was in custody. They had him on an old war-rant for a previous crime. When the Department of Homeland Security found out that the San Fran-cisco Police Department had this guy in custody, they immediately reached out and said: Hold this guy until we can get someone there to take him into custody. We know he is dangerous, we know he is here illegally, and we want to get him out of this country, but the San Francisco Police couldn’t provide that minimal cooperation. Instead, they released this man back onto the streets from which, 3 months later, he murdered young Kate Steinle. Why would the police of San Fran-cisco do a thing like that? Why in the world would they refuse to provide this minimal cooperation with immigration authorities with respect to a dangerous individual? The reason is because San Francisco is a sanctuary city. That means it has as its explicit legal policy a prohibition that forbids their police from cooperating with Federal immi-gration officials, even if the police want to. It extends to other law en-forcement, like sheriffs and deputy sheriffs. This is the case even when local law enforcement authorities believe the person is dangerous, and the local law enforcement folks wish to cooperate with the Federal authorities because they know this person is a threat to the security of their community, but local politicians override the police and decide this will be a sanctuary city. Such is the case with San Francisco, and so the San Francisco Police had no choice. They were required by local laws to release this man onto the streets. One of the many ironies about sanc-tuary cities is if Federal officials had called the San Francisco Police about any number of other crimes—robbery, car theft, violating a trademark, coun-terfeiting—any number of other Fed-eral crimes, then the San Francisco Police would have been allowed to co-operate. They would have been happy 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S953 February 14, 2018 
to cooperate. They would have been able to cooperate, but because the crime was committed by an illegal im-migrant, the police’s hands were tied. The police were forced to release Kate Steinle’s killer. It is just unbelievable to me that we have communities across the country that wish to provide this special privi-lege—this special protection—for even dangerous criminals because they are here illegally. It is unbelievable, but that is the case. Sadly, the Steinles are not alone. They are not the only family who has been affected this way because, of course, San Francisco is not our Na-tion’s only sanctuary city. Philadel-phia—the fifth largest city in America, the largest city in my home State—has an extreme sanctuary city policy, and it has had appalling consequences al-ready. Maybe the most heartbreaking of these is the case of Ramon Aguirre- Ochoa. Ochoa was a Honduran national in the United States illegally. He was deported in 2009, but he illegally reen-tered the United States, which is itself a felony. He found his way to Philadel-phia, and in 2015 the Philadelphia Po-lice arrested him on charges of aggra-vated assault and various other crimes. When the background check went through, the Department of Homeland Security saw that the Philadelphia Po-lice had this guy. They knew who this guy was. They knew he was here ille-gally, they knew he had been deported, and they believed him to be the dan-gerous criminal that he was. So they asked the Philadelphia Police: Could you hold this guy for 24, 48 hours, until we can get an agent there to take him into custody and begin deportation proceedings? We know he is a bad guy. We want him out of the country. Unfortunately, Philadelphia Police had to refuse. Instead, they released him onto the city streets in January 2015. The Philadelphia D.A. didn’t feel like he had enough evidence to pros-ecute the case. He dropped the charges, and rather than cooperate with the De-partment of Homeland Security, they released Ochoa back onto the streets of Philadelphia. That was January of 2015. In July of 2016, Ochoa was arrested for raping a child under the age of 13. This brutal attack on the child was only possible because Philadelphia is a sanctuary city. It is these appalling cases—like the Steinle case or this case in Phila-delphia—that make it so important that we end these sanctuary cities if it is at all possible to do so. My amendment is a bipartisan amendment. It is identical to a bill I introduced and the Senate voted to consider in 2016. I reintroduced it in 2017. It does two things: It tackles a legal liability for localities that wish to cooperate with the Department of Homeland Security, and, with that legal liability problem solved, it im-poses penalties on communities that choose nevertheless to be sanctuary cities. We don’t have the authority as a Federal Government to dictate the pol-icy that a local community must fol-low. There is a constitutional separa-tion that gives them the power to do what they will, but we don’t have to subsidize their behavior when it endan-gers all of us, and that is what my leg-islation goes after. So let me discuss first the legal liability issue. There are now at least two court de-cisions that have put pressure on mu-nicipalities, localities, to be sanctuary cities. Over a dozen Pennsylvania coun-ties have done so. One is a Third Cir-cuit decision; the second is a Federal district court in Oregon. They have held that if the Department of Home-land Security makes a mistake and they make a detainer request—let’s say it is a case of wrongful identity. They ask a local police force to hold some-one who, in fact, is an American cit-izen, should be here and is here legally, and so it is therefore an erroneous de-tention. If that happens and the local law enforcement folks comply with that request, under these court deci-sions, the local municipality can be held liable for the ensuing litigation on the part of the person who is wrongly detained. My bill addresses this problem by simply saying that when a local law enforcement officer complies with an immigration detainer request from DHS that is a duly issued and bona fide request, then the local officer has the same authority as a DHS official. In a way, the officer would be considered an agent of the Department of Homeland Security for this purpose, and the enti-ty the person would then sue in the event that a person is wrongly detained and their civil rights are violated would be the Federal Government. The responsibility should be on the Federal Government, since it was, after all, a request that initiated with the Federal Government. My legislation does not in any way curb an individual’s ability to file a suit if their civil or constitutional rights are violated, whether it is inten-tional or accidental. There is no curb on an individual’s ability to redress that if they were wrongfully detained. It simply transfers the liability from the municipality to the origination of the detainer request, which is the De-partment of Homeland Security. So that is the first part: solve the legal liability problem which has some municipalities across America—cer-tainly in my State of Pennsylvania— choosing to be sanctuary cities, even though they would rather not be. Now, having addressed that, if our legislation is adopted, and we have thereby solved this legal liability prob-lem, if a community nevertheless de-cides it is going to endanger all the rest of us by conferring this special protection on somebody just because they came here illegally—despite the fact that they may well be a dangerous criminal—in that case, under my amendment, that community will be deemed a sanctuary city, and under my amendment several types of Federal funding would be withheld from it. Spe-cifically, we would withhold from the sanctuary cities community develop-ment block grants and certain grants from the Economic Development Ad-ministration. I think this is eminently reasonable. Sanctuary cities impose costs on all of us. They raise the cost to the Federal Government of enforcing immigration law, but by far outweighing that is the cost to the American people of more crime and the unbelievable, staggering cost to families like Jim Steinle and his family, who lost their daughter. I think it is extremely reasonable to have as a policy that if a community chooses to impose those costs on the rest of us, the Federal Government will not be subsidizing it. Let me debunk some of the misin-formation that is occasionally dissemi-nated about my amendment. One is that it is somehow anti-immigrant. This is not anti-immigrant at all; this is pro-immigrant. The fact is, the vast, overwhelming majority of immigrants in America, legal and illegal, would never commit these terrible crimes; there is no ques-tion about that. It is also obviously the case that any very large number of people will include some criminals among them. There are roughly 11 million people who are here illegally—11 million ille-gal immigrants in the United States. Some of them are certainly violent criminals. It makes no sense to insu-late those violent criminals, however few they may be, from capture by law enforcement. It would be absurd to al-lege that this is somehow anti-immi-grant when quite likely some of their victims will be other immigrants. Im-migrants want to live in safe commu-nities too. I am positive of that. They don’t want dangerous criminals to be able to walk the streets just because they came here illegally. The second point I want to stress is that this amendment does not discour-age or punish illegal immigrants for coming forward to report a crime. This is important because folks who want to keep sanctuary cities sometimes charge that if my legislation were passed, victims and witnesses to crimes, if they are here illegally, wouldn’t come forward. That is not so. My amendment in this underlying law explicitly states that a locality will not be labeled a sanctuary jurisdiction for this purpose, and therefore will not lose any Federal funds, if it has a pol-icy stating that if a person comes for-ward as a victim or a witness to a crime, local law enforcement will not share information with DHS. Let me be clear and explicit about this. We have an explicit carve-out in the legislation. If a locality chooses to provide sanctuary status to a victim of a crime or a witness to a crime, such a community would not lose any Federal funds whatsoever. We think that 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.035 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES954 February 14, 2018 
makes sense because we do want to en-courage victims and witnesses of crimes to come forward. We get it. We don’t want to create a worry that there would be deportation consequences for them. A third point which some have al-leged and which I want to be very clear about is that the penalties my amend-ment has for a community that choos-es to be a sanctuary city do not include the loss of any funds whatsoever re-lated to law enforcement or security. That is simply not the case. The list of categories that we include in lost fund-ing is economic development in its na-ture. It is not at all law enforcement. Another point that some on the other side have made is that somehow this legislation, my amendment, would im-pose an unmanageable burden on law enforcement. One simple fact to con-sider is, if that is the case, then why has it been endorsed by law enforce-ment groups? The National Association of Police Organizations has endorsed my amendment. The International Union of Police Associations, a division of AFL–CIO, has endorsed my amend-ment. The Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association has endorsed my amendment. Would these groups en-dorse a bill that imposed an unwork-able burden on their own members? I rather doubt it. I think they under-stand that this amendment encourages local law enforcement to share infor-mation with the Department of Home-land Security and in some cases to temporarily and briefly hold people in custody until the Department of Home-land Security can get there. This is a bipartisan amendment. In 2016, when the Senate voted on this very same amendment in the form of a freestanding bill, it received a major-ity, and it had bipartisan support. Un-fortunately, a minority filibustered it and blocked it. But the fact is, it is a bipartisan piece of legislation with ma-jority support. I don’t think it should even be controversial. I think we will have a vote on this relatively soon, in the coming days. I hope it will have very broad support. This is common sense. It stands for the principle that the safety of the Amer-ican people matters, that the lives of Kate Steinle and other victims of vio-lent crime matter, and that all of our communities should be as safe as they can be. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Connecticut. 
PARKLAND , FLORIDA , SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, watching the pictures today as I came to the floor was deeply moving. Even though there is much that we don’t know and a lot of information that we lack about what is happening at Mar-jory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, the images of emergency vehicles and emergency responders and of young people and children evacu-ating a school after another tragic in-cident of gun violence brings back memories that are searing and harrowing. Once again, we feel that churning in our stomach, that sense of gut-punch, and a wrenching of hearts that reminds us of how we felt the day of violence in Newtown. Yet another school is victimized by gun violence. We are waiting to learn more of the details, but certainly our hearts and prayers go to the victims and their loved ones. Our gratitude goes to the courageous first responders who are on the scene now apprehending the shoot-er and administering to the victims and survivors. My thoughts and pray-ers are with those students, emergency responders, parents, loved ones, and the community of Parkland. Again, gun violence respects no boundaries. It spares no communities. It victimizes all of us, wherever it hap-pens and whenever, including the gun violence that kills people every day in-dividually, often unpublicized and in-visible. My heart breaks to hear that one more school is facing this unthinkable horror, that again this harrowing scene plays before the people of America, lit-erally unfolding in real-time. I know that I and all of the Members of this Chamber share the grief and sympathy and heartbreak that community is ex-periencing today. Mr. President, I want to talk about the Connecticut Dreamers and share their stories and call for this Chamber to take narrow and focused action to prevent their draconian mass deporta-tion and protect them from that kind of very unfortunate outcome. The Dreamers who would be covered under legislation, which I hope will pass in the next 24 hours, came here as children. They grew up as Americans. This country is the only one they know. English is the only language many of them speak. They go to our schools. They serve in our military. They support our economy. They be-lieve in the American dream. All of us believe in the American dream, but so do they. They work hard and give back. Deporting the Dreamers would be cruel, irrational, and inhumane—un-worthy of a great country. It would break our promise to the Dreamers who came forward when they were told they would be given protected status and would be a violation not only of the American dream but of the promise made by a great nation. Gabriela Valdiglesias came to the United States in 2001 from Lima, Peru. She has lived in Connecticut for 17 years. She works for Connecticut Stu-dents for a Dream, advocating for her fellow Dreamers. For those workers, she has been working on securing their right to safety, to higher education, to healthcare, and to live in a country without fear and discrimination. She shared with me some of the dif-ficulties her family had while she was growing up. She and her five siblings are supported by their parents, who work in minimum-wage jobs. She hopes that if the Dream Act passes, she will be able to take on some of the eco-nomic burden her parents now carry. She hopes she will be able to make enough money to support herself and her family. She is currently in her first year of college, at a community college, where she has faced many financial chal-lenges. Not being able to get a job at 18 years old is frustrating and sometimes devastating. If the Dream Act is passed, she could finish her 2 years at community college and transfer to a 4- year institution, and she could pursue her dream of working as a lawyer or in the field of law. There are countless other stories of Connecticut Dreamers, some wanting to keep their identities confidential. There is a young man in Bridgeport who was brought to Connecticut at the age of 5. He was educated in the Bridge-port public schools. He majored in chemistry and now attends Fairfield University. He has excelled there. He finished his first degree and was ac-cepted at the University of California, Berkeley’s physical chemistry pro-gram. He had to live under the threat of deportation because he had no way to apply for permanent lawful status. While he was continuing his studies here, he lived with the threat of depor-tation. There is a New Britain woman who was born in Mexico and brought to America when she was 6 years old. The journey was terrifying. She could bare-ly understand what was happening. She had no idea at 6 years old that she was entering America in a way that would affect her for the rest of her life. It was not her choice to come here or to come here in that way, but it has affected her. In fact, despite her attending school and then going to college out of State at Bay Path University and earn-ing a great many leadership positions there, she remains in the limbo of un-certainty and anguish and anxiety cre-ated by the threat of deportation. She dreams about helping people, making sure that families with low incomes can have access to occupational ther-apy. She is pursuing a master’s degree in occupational therapy. Finally, there is a woman I know who came here from Venezuela. She was brought here when she was 11 years old. She remembers her mother telling her that she was going to America to learn English. When they settled in Norwalk, CT, her mother also told her that she could be successful if she were bilingual. She began to go to school right away. Life was difficult at the be-ginning, and there was a lot to learn. By the time she was a junior in high school, she stopped trying to get per-fect grades because she feared colleges would not accept her, and even if they accepted her, she could not be eligible for financial assistance because she was undocumented. But she persevered, and she attended community college. She went on to Western Connecticut State University, and she overcame obstacles that for many Americans born here would be 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.037 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S955 February 14, 2018 
insuperable. Now facing deportation, she fears all of those dreams and all of that work will be for naught. These Dreamers, in fact, have trusted America. They believed in America’s promise to them. Coming forward, pro-viding facts about their residence, their family, their job, and Social Se-curity number, they believed in Amer-ica. It wasn’t a dream. America is to be trusted. America is the land of oppor-tunity. America is the greatest Nation in the history of the world. They have a dream that is American, which is that they will have the opportunity to pursue their full potential as human beings to give back, to educate them-selves, and to better their lives. That is the American dream. In Dr. Martin Luther King’s ‘‘I Have a Dream’’ speech, he said: 
When the architects of our republic wrote the magnificent words of the Constitution and the Declaration of Independence, they were signing a promissory note . . . a prom-ise that all men— 
And he might have added women— 
would be guaranteed the inalienable rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 
The time has long since come for us to help the Dreamers. The time is today for us to protect them against mass draconian deportation, a viola-tion of a promise that would be unwor-thy of America. The promissory note of this Amer-ican dream can be made a reality by this Chamber today and tomorrow. I understand that some of my col-leagues may want to change the immi-gration system. It is truly a broken system in need of comprehensive re-form. That task is for another day. Today, we must make sure that we pro-vide these Dreamers with legal status and a path to citizenship. That is our moral obligation. That is our job. Let’s get it done. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Mr. President, the Senate is probably interested in the status of the debate on immigration. This debate started in September in hallways, committee rooms, and in our offices—opportunities for us to talk about these issues now for months. Several weeks ago, there was a gov-ernment shutdown demanding that we actually have a vote on immigration right now or that we don’t reopen the government. After 3 days of govern-ment shutdown, the government was reopened, demanding that we move the immigration debate earlier to make sure we would get this done earlier. Now it is Wednesday of the week that it was supposed to occur, and the pro-posals are not out on the table. It has been a frustrating journey. I can’t even begin to count the num-ber of hours I have spent in bipartisan conversations trying to circle around a simple set of issues. How do we resolve a small group of issues related to im-migration? I thought this was resolved in some ways. Back in early January, there was a large bipartisan meeting with the House and Senate to discuss what was widely televised as the scope for immi-gration and the key issues we were going to address. It came down to four issues, and there was agreement among the leaders, among those in the room, that these are the only four issues we are going to deal with: DACA and those DACA-eligible and how we move them toward citizenship, border security and all the things around border security, diversity visa lottery, and family re-unification. All of those have been dealt with in legislation before—in fact, for decades, in one version or an-other—except for the issue of DACA. That one is new. That is the only one that hasn’t been done with legislation before. The others all have. The Gang of 8 bill in 2013 had border security and all kinds of different issues related to both construction of walls, technology, and legal loopholes. It had diversity lottery. It had chain migration in it. If you want to go back to an immigration study during the Clinton administration, in 1995, there was a proposal put out by Barbara Jor-dan, the Democratic House Member from Texas, who led that particular study during the Clinton administra-tion dealing with chain migration, dealing with how we transition to merit-based immigration. This has been dealt with literally in hearings for decades, but what I have heard for the past several months is that there is no time to do any of those things. The only time that we have is to deal with DACA. We can’t even dis-cuss anything else. Meeting after meet-ing after meeting since early Novem-ber, I have heard the same thing: There is no time. There is no time. There is no time. Now we are getting down to the day, and there is still a conversation about how we deal with these four simple issues that we have talked about for months, that the House and Senate have debated for decades, and on which we have had an untold number of hear-ings for decades to try to actually land them, to get legislation ready, and to get this resolved. Let me just focus on a few things, be-cause a few of us have put out a pro-posal that covers those four areas that was a middle-ground proposal. It is cer-tainly not everything that I would like to have in border security, and it is certainly not everything that Demo-crats would like to have, but it is a middle ground between all of those. It is one the White House has already an-nounced that they will certainly sign. It has 1.8 million people moving into naturalization, or citizenship. These are the individuals whose parents brought them illegally, but they were children at the time. Those individuals came into the country. They have now lived here for years. They know no other country, on the whole. Those in-dividuals are offered an opportunity to become citizens of the United States 10 years from now. Why 10 years from now? That gives a time period of 10 years, which is com-monly agreed that it will take to be able to secure the border. In that 10- year time period, the border security could be put in place to make sure we have a secure border. It is not an un-reasonable thing. In that same 10-year time period, about 2 million people are going to move, actually, into citizen-ship. How does that affect the rest of our process? Well, let me tell you first how it affects it. Right now we have a 20- year backlog to be able to come into the United States legally—20 years to be able to come through that process. Once we add another 2 million people in that process and all the family that will be connected to them, in all likeli-hood, that backlog moves from 20 years to 25 years. It is ridiculous at 20 years, and it is even worse at 25. We all know that this issue of family migration and the broad allowance of people coming in, not based on what skills they have but based on being someone’s brother-in-law, is not the best way to do immigration, and we are the only country that does it like this. Seventy percent of the people who come into our country legally come through a family connection—being someone’s brother, being someone’s sis-ter, being a relative in some way that they are able to come into the country. Canada, just to our north, is exactly the opposite. Sixty-three percent of the people who come into Canada legally through their immigration system come because they are bringing a work skill. Now, I don’t want to oppose any-one coming from anywhere in the world. There is a uniqueness to the United States and how we handle im-migration, and we allow people from all over the world, from every country, to come. That should remain the same, but we should have one simple require-ment: They come to bring something to the Nation. I don’t think that is too hard of a hill to climb. It is not a matter of who you are re-lated to. You certainly should be able to bring in your spouse and your chil-dren, but brothers and sisters and other adults and such that would be in your family, maybe, should come based on their own merit, as well, for them to be able to come and be a part of our great culture, as well, or they are able to come visit and come stay long periods of time but not necessarily come for citizenship, unless you are coming to bring them. Again, that doesn’t seem too difficult. The diversity lottery hasn’t been the challenging issue. Quite frankly, that has been an issue that was in the 2013 Gang of 8 bill, saying: Why do we have 50,000 visas for individuals from any-where, from around the world, who can come who don’t necessarily bring a skill at all? Why don’t we just add a skill requirement or an educational re-quirement? We could say that you are welcome to come from anywhere, but at least we should know that those who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.039 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES956 February 14, 2018 
are coming from anywhere and every-where bring something to the Amer-ican economy. Again, that hasn’t been controversial nor partisan in the past, and now, suddenly, it has become that. The border security part of it has been the most confusing part of the de-bate for me on this thing. Months ago, some of my Democratic colleagues over and over said: The wall will do nothing. There is no benefit in the wall. If you put up a 20-foot wall, there will be a 21- foot ladder. It will do absolutely noth-ing. Now, the conversation is this: Well, we will give citizenship to DACA, and we will give you some money to build a wall, and we will call it even. That has never been the request, and every-one knows it. The request has been border security, not just a wall. I am very aware that the President has talked about a big beautiful wall a lot. I get that. But it has always been about border security, not just about putting up a wall in cer-tain places. There has never been an emphasis to build 2,000 miles of wall. There isn’t a need for a wall in certain urban areas, but what is really needed is border security and everyone knows it. I don’t understand why border secu-rity has suddenly become a controver-sial issue. What we have asked for and what we have laid out in a proposal seems to be a very middle-ground proposal. It doesn’t do interior enforcement. Quite frankly, our Democratic colleagues have said: Absolutely no additional in-terior enforcement—we are open to border security, but nothing that se-cures the interior of the country. So we have said: OK, that will be a future bill dealing with interior en-forcement, but we do feel like border security is very important. So they have said: OK, we will give you some money to build a wall in sec-tions. Can I say what they are trying to ex-clude? Border security, when you lay it out, is also the legal loopholes. So here are just a few of the things that we have laid out, which I don’t think should be that controversial, that we have included in our language and said: If we are going to do border security, let’s be serious about it. For instance, we have asked for additional penalties for people who do human smuggling. Right now, it is a slap on the wrist if you do human smuggling into the country. So coyotes and others are able to do human smuggling into the coun-try in transit. There are also people who are indi-viduals in our country watching out for Border Patrol agents, radioing other people saying: Hey, Border Patrol is here. Go a different direction. They are actually helping to divert people away. We think we should increase the pen-alties. Our Democratic colleagues have pushed back and said no on that. It doesn’t seem unreasonable to increase the penalties for human smuggling and the same for drug smuggling. To in-crease the penalties for those who are spying out and redirecting people who are doing drug smuggling doesn’t seem too hard to be able to accomplish. We would like to allow an individual State and their National Guard to be able to participate with Border Patrol. Now the National Guard is not law en-forcement. What does the National Guard bring, though? They bring heli-copters that have infrared technology. They are able to fly over sections of the border to be able to see the area below and to help direct Border Patrol to it. To participate with the National Guard and allow them to bring some of those resources those States already have shouldn’t be that difficult. That is just a part of border security, but our Democratic colleagues are pushing back on that. We would like to do an initiative to be able to work with Mexico and pro-vide Mexico some additional funding and support and consultation on their border between Guatemala and Mexico, the southern border of Mexico—what is literally kind of our first border. It is their southern border. We have been pushed back, though, to say that is not border security. It is slowing down peo-ple illegally trafficking through Cen-tral America into Mexico. We think that is part of it. How about this one? All along the Rio Grande in Texas, there is Carrizo cane that are there—this large cane that grows in the river in that area. In that area, you are able to hide people, drugs—whatever it may be—in this tall cane because you just disappear in it. It is on both sides of the border. We think we should do an eradication of that cane so that you can actually see through it. It hasn’t been controversial in the past, but suddenly it is con-troversial: No, we don’t want to eradi-cate the cane. That cane is only there because it is hiding people and contraband. We think we should be able to do that. We think we should be able to add an electromagnetic spectrum at our bor-der ports of entry so you can look through a vehicle, looking for chemical parts of the spectrum and to be able to see if we can eradicate drugs that are being trafficked into our country. I don’t think that should be that con-troversial. There is getting secure communica-tions so that our individuals and the Border Patrol can talk to each other and can interact with other law en-forcement to make sure no one from a transnational criminal organization is listening in. We should have license plate readers at the port of entry to be able to help track that and speed it up. Doing biometrics at the entry and exit is something that has been re-quired since the 9/11 Commission. So we can accelerate that process that as people come in and out of our country we know when they come in legally, but we also know when they depart le-gally. There is dealing with what is some-times called catch and release. Individ-uals who come into the country and cross illegally into the country are held in detention for a short period of time until they get due process, and every individual gets due process. This is not trying to remove due process from anyone. But as they cross into the country illegally, we are able to pick them up, detain them, and make sure they have due process. Some of them make claims for asylum or make claims of credible fear or other things. Instead of doing a hearing on that, we actually give them a piece of paper that is called a notice to appear and re-lease them into the country and say: We will see you in about 2 years for your hearing date—instead of actually doing the hearing right then. Nothing has changed. No facts have changed. No information has changed. Nothing has changed during that time of delay. We just release them because we don’t have enough judges or enough courts or enough attorneys or enough advocates to be able to accomplish that. So they are released for years in the country. You may be surprised to know that most of the individuals never show up for that hearing. They are just released into the country. There is also a statement saying: Well, what about unaccompanied mi-nors? Again, you might be interested to know that three-fourths of the unac-companied minors who cross into the country are actually 14 years old or up. These are not 6-year-olds who are crossing in and 5-year-olds who are crossing in. Most of them are older teenagers. Two-thirds of the people who are coming in as unaccompanied minors are actually teenage boys, and most of them come in to be able to work. So the question is this: How do we handle that? I think we do fair detention. I think we go through the due process and make a decision right then. Again, you will be interested to know that for in-dividuals who actually do show up for their court hearing, which is a small group, about 30 percent of those who go to the court hearing do get asylum once they finally get to the court hear-ing. But we are not getting to the court hearing for most of those individuals. That shouldn’t be that controversial. We should be able to handle how we go through that process in an equitable and fair way. I would like us to be able to deal with the cost, quite frankly, of detention. We have asked for a simple part of this process on border security, to honor the taxpayer, to say that we will not spend more than $500 a night on hous-ing individuals whom we have in deten-tion. Now, I think most Americans— certainly most Oklahomans—would like to stay in a hotel that costs $500 a night. Putting a cap on how much we spend on that per person per night, I think, is a reasonable thing to be able to put into it, but we have had pushback. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:56 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.041 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S957 February 14, 2018 
We have asked for emergency immi-gration judges. Right now there are al-most 700,000 people in a backlog in our immigration courts—almost 700,000. We don’t think it is unreasonable to ask for emergency judges to come in to help us with the backlog. We are not talking about untrained judges. We are talking about judges who are in the Federal system who are knowledgeable of these issues and to do a surge of judges to help us get caught up. We should be able to do all of these things. None of these issues should be controversial. This is what it means when you start talking about real bor-der security, not just adding a wall in some places, not just adding a couple of additional agents but actually putting the things around them that they need to actually be able to enforce the law. I think people lose track of the fact that ICE folks and Customs and Border Patrol are not enemies of our State. They are American law enforcement. They work for our country to keep us safe and to enforce the laws of our Na-tion. I am appalled at the way they are spoken of on this floor and treated in conversations. They are American law enforcement enforcing American laws. If there is a problem with what they are enforcing, this body should vote on it and fix the law, not beat up on the people who are enforcing the law and doing what we have asked them to do as a Congress. I hope in the days ahead we can actu-ally get this passed. I hope we can ac-tually move toward citizenship for 1.8 million people, which the President has asked for, and I think it is a reasonable thing to be able to do for those individ-uals who came into our country as children. But I also hope that this time we don’t say that we are going to do citizenship and not do border security. I hope we don’t just throw some money and pretend we are doing it. I hope we, as a body, can have a serious conversa-tion and say: Let’s actually do border security and help us as a nation to es-tablish a secure border. I hope we actu-ally deal with some of the biggest issues on immigration and can walk through this debate in a reasonable way without the emotion and heat, but thinking this through because this af-fects the future of our country for a very long time. With that, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. L
EE). The Senator from Delaware. Mr. COONS. Mr. President, I come to the floor to talk about an issue that has occupied this floor, this body, this Congress for some time now: the chal-lenge of how to fix our broken immi-gration system. As many of us have de-bated and talked and tried to find com-mon ground and a bipartisan path for-ward, I wanted to speak about why I have optimism that we can find a bi-partisan solution to this challenge. I know I am not alone in my opti-mism about this. One of my very dear-est friends in the Senate, someone I re-spect and admire deeply, someone who knows more about sacrifice and patri-otism than anyone I have ever met, be-lieves the same thing. This friend of mine is not just any Senator. It is Mr. JOHNMCCAIN, the senior Senator from Arizona, who also happens to be an American hero and someone who has literally fought for this country and its values throughout his entire life. He is someone whom our mutual friend, former Vice President Joe Biden, calls a ‘‘man of . . . deep conviction, and un-matched character.’’ J
OHN MCCAINis exactly the person the Senate and this country needs in times like this, when the way forward is unclear, when our disagreements seem too wide, when our instincts are to argue rather than listen. This Cham-ber and this country need someone who is able to show us a way forward and lead us out of our stubborn, sometimes too partisan fights—someone like Sen-ator M
CCAIN. As this debate has progressed in re-cent days, I have been reminded of something I heard Senator M
CCAINsay late last year when he accepted the Liberty Medal from the National Con-stitution Center in Philadelphia. When speaking about our country and when speaking about the opportunity he has had here, he said: 
What a privilege it is to serve this big, boisterous, brawling, intemperate, striving, daring, beautiful, bountiful, brave, magnifi-cent country. With all our flaws, all our mis-takes, with all the frailties of human nature as much on display as our virtues, with all the rancor and anger of our politics, we are blessed. We are living in the land of the free, the land where anything is possible. The land of the immigrants’ dream, the land with the storied past forgotten in the rush to an imagined future. 
What a country, indeed. Beautiful, brave, and magnificent, as J
OHN said, but also challenged by occasional frail-ty, rancor, and anger that we have seen too much of in this sustained debate over immigration. The point Senator M
CCAINmade that night in Philadelphia—and the point he has made every day serving our Nation for more than six decades—is that working through our disagreements, our divisions is worth it, not just as Senators but as citizens. The whole point is, we may be bois-terous and intemperate, which J
OHN has certainly also been accused of being a time or two, but we don’t stop striving for our ideals, believing in our future, and respecting one another. That is often difficult—especially here in politics—but it is the challenge that comes with the blessings of living and serving this great country. So I was honored when Senator M
CCAINreached out to me a week ago to say: Let’s work together to intro-duce in the Senate legislation that could help solve our most pressing im-migration issues and keep our country moving forward. The bipartisan bill we have intro-duced—the McCain-Coons bill—in the Senate doesn’t solve every immigra-tion issue we face, and it doesn’t try to. What our bill does is focus on two issues right in front of us that I believe we can address and resolve. It is an at-tempt to break through what have been messy and divisive political de-bates and to address, through a com-promise, legitimate, substantive issues in front of us. Our bill would do two things: secure our border and finally give Dreamers the pathway to citizenship they have long awaited for, and they deserve. First, to address border security, our bill would ensure we gain operational control of the border by 2020 with new technology, new resources for Federal, State, and local law enforcement, and new infrastructure. It would reduce the existing immi-gration case backlogs by funding new judges and new attorneys, while also addressing one of the root causes of mi-gration into our country from Central America. Our legislation would give certainty to 1.8 million Dreamers brought here as children through no fault of their own, who are American in every way but the paperwork. Dreamers who continue to play by the rules by going to school, serving in the military, or being con-sistently employed can become lawful, permanent residents and, at least 5 years later, U.S. citizens. Senator MCCAINand I aren’t the only ones who think this bipartisan solution makes sense. In fact, the reason we filed it here was because of the strength of its development in the other Chamber, the people’s House, the House of Representatives. This bill was crafted by Republican Congressman W
ILLHURDof El Paso, TX, whose dis-trict has more than 800 miles of the U.S.-Mexico border—more than any district in our country with a U.S.- Mexico border—and his partner, Demo-cratic Congressman P
ETE AGUILAR , who is from Southern California. The two of them put this bill together after a lot of consultation and meetings with their colleagues in the House. Today, it enjoys 27 Republican cosponsors and 27 Democratic cosponsors. I often hear we shouldn’t take up and consider any-thing that can’t pass the House, but a bill that has 54 bipartisan cosponsors in the House is certainly on the right track. Now, I am clear-eyed about the fact that this McCain-Coons bill is not per-fect, and I understand some of my col-leagues may want to make changes to it. Some of my Republican friends I have met with and heard from and talked to in recent days have suggested it needs more investments in border se-curity to win their support, and that is fine because our bill is more than just a set of policies. It is a way to provide a framework for us to agree and not let our disagreements prevent us from moving forward. So my message is simple about this bill: We may not be able to fix our en-tire immigration system this week—in fact, I am certain we can’t—but we can, over the next few days, perhaps 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:45 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.042 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES958 February 14, 2018 
even over the next few hours, take im-portant, even historic steps forward. We can lay the groundwork for secur-ing our border with new investments, new technology, and new manpower. We can help Dreamers succeed in American schools, serve in our Amer-ican military, and enrich American communities without living in con-stant fear of imminent deportation. These are tough issues, but the solu-tion can be fairly simple. I think our legislation offers a real solution for right now. There have been develop-ments in recent days. I have been proud to participate in a large bipartisan effort by the Common Sense Coalition, and as it has, as a group, tried to hammer out a bipar-tisan deal, I have been honored to have started this discussion, this debate, with Senator M
CCAINby filing our bill that we brought over from the House. It is a bipartisan bill that I believe is the most bipartisan bill currently be-fore this Chamber on this issue. If we can make more progress, if we can at-tract more bipartisan support through some amendments or revisions, I wel-come that. I believe this week, this day, this opening on our Senate floor is not only a challenge but an incredible oppor-tunity to do the right thing. We don’t have to agree on everything. We just have to agree on some things, and we can find a way forward together. It is an enormous honor to have the opportunity to partner with Senator M
CCAINin this legislative effort. While he is not with us today, I know he is with us in spirit and watching our de-liberations, and he is someone who has shown not just courage on the battle-field but courage in American poli-tics—a determined willingness to com-promise and to work tirelessly to ad-vance the interests of the American people. I can only hope my colleagues, when we get a chance to vote on this bill—which I hope we will later today— will join me in supporting it in recogni-tion of his lifetime of service to our Nation and his commitment to biparti-sanship. It is my hope that as this day and to-morrow unfolds, we will have the open and fair process that has been prom-ised, and that all of us, together, can do what we were sent to do: listen to each other, trust each other, work to-gether, and find a path through com-promise that can solve these two most important and pressing issues in the field of immigration. Thank you. I yield the floor. (The Acting President pro tempore assumed the Chair.) Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. P
ERDUE ). Without objection, it is so or-dered. 
PARKLAND , FLORIDA , SCHOOL SHOOTING  
Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, every day in America we face the devastating reminder of the toll of gun violence. Today, we are watching the horrific scenes at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, FL, where yet another school shooting has taken place. It is gut-wrenching. We know that so many families have just had their worlds and lives changed forever by senseless gun violence. Ironically, this is the 10th anniversary of a similar shooting at Northern Illinois Univer-sity in DeKalb, IL. Our prayers go out to the victims, to the families, to the first responders, and, of course, to the Parkland community. HONORING COMMANDER PAUL BAUER  
Yesterday, Mr. President, in the city of Chicago, which I am honored to rep-resent, we lost one of our finest, Com-mander Paul Bauer of the Chicago Po-lice Department. He was shot and killed by a gunman in the Chicago Loop. Commander Bauer was a 31-year vet-eran of the CPD and the commander of the 18th police district in the Near North Side. He was a pillar of that community. He was well-known in his district. He had been commended by the city council last year for a charity holiday party he helped to host for un-derprivileged kids. He was a husband to his wife Erin and a father to a 13-year-old daughter named Grace. Commander Bauer was at a training session yesterday in the Loop, but he didn’t hesitate to help out his fellow officers when they were pur-suing a fleeing suspect. Commander Bauer was shot several times by the suspect, and he died from his wounds. Chicago police superintendent Eddie Johnson said this was an extremely dif-ficult day for the Chicago police fam-ily. Commander Bauer was a hero in life. He made the ultimate sacrifice to help protect the city he served and the city he loved. His loss is a tragedy. Our prayers go out to the com-mander’s friends, colleagues, his loved ones, and, of course, his family and daughter. 
10TH ANNIVERSARY OF NORTHERN ILLINOIS  
UNIVERSITY SHOOTING  
As I mentioned, Mr. President, today marks the 10th anniversary of one of the most devastating shootings ever to occur on a college campus in America. On February 14, 2008, a gunman with a history of mental instability walked into a lecture hall at Northern Illinois University in DeKalb and opened fire. His bullets killed five students and wounded 17 more. It was a horrific mass murder, and it shocked the entire Nation. The five young Illinoisans we lost that day all had bright futures ahead of them: Gayle Dubowski, 20 years old, from Carol Stream, who worked as a camp counselor and was a talented singer in her church choir; Catalina Garcia, of Cicero, 20 years old, a smil-ing, outgoing young woman who planned to be a teacher; Julianna Gehant, of Mendota, 32 years old, who served our country in the U.S. Army and Army Reserve and who went to NIU to study to be a teacher; Ryanne Mace, of Carpentersville, a 19-year-old, who was funny and fun to be with and who aspired to work as a counselor; and Daniel Parmenter, 20 years old, from Westchester, a rugby player, who lost his life because he shielded his girlfriend from the shooter. It is heartbreaking to think what these five young people could have ac-complished in the 10 years since that horrible day. We mourn their loss and, again, our hearts go out to their fami-lies. We remember and honor the wounded who still bear the scars of that terrible day. We renew our thanks over and over to the law enforcement officers and first responders who headed toward the sound of gunfire that day and who treated the victims as they were wounded. We commend the many members of the NIU community who stepped up in the days that followed, working to per-severe through this tragedy, with heavy hearts but unbroken spirits and moving ‘‘forward, together forward,’’ in the words of that Northern Illinois University Huskie fight song. It is devastating to think that in this great country, students and educators could be gunned down in our schools. But it happens so often that I am afraid a numbness is setting in. Just in the last few months, we have had fatal shootings of students at Aztec High School in Aztec, NM; Wake Forest University in North Carolina; Marshall County High School in Ben-ton, KY; and then, today, in Florida. Other tragedies have been narrowly averted because of well-trained staff. At Mattoon High School in Illinois, a heroic teacher named Angela McQueen stopped a student gunman from caus-ing a massacre there last September. The threat of shootings in our schools is ever present. According to a tally kept by the group Everytown, there have been at least 18 incidents so far this year where a gun has been fired on a school or college campus. Schools and colleges are doing the best they can to prepare and protect their students. I salute the educators and administrators who are working hard, but is Congress doing all that it can to keep our Nation’s students safe from gun violence? Not even close. Of course, there is no single reform that could stop every shooting in America, but we know there are big gaps in our laws that make it easy for criminals, abusers, and mentally un-stable people to get their hands on guns that hurt innocent people. Con-gress has done nothing—nothing—in recent years to close those gaps and make America safer. Congress hasn’t even closed the gun show loophole that the 1999 Columbine, CO, killers used to buy their weapons, and we did nothing in response to the murder of 20 first graders and 6 edu-cators at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut. In fact, the only vote taken by the Senate on gun laws in this current 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.043 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S959 February 14, 2018 
Congress was to weaken gun law safety provisions on the books. That was a vote that Senate Republicans brought up last year that prevented the Social Security Administration from alerting the FBI’s gun background check sys-tem about people with mental illness. It is likely that before this year is over, the Republican majority will call up more bills to weaken gun safety laws. That is the wrong response to the epidemic of gun violence in America. I am not going to give up on trying to close the loopholes in our gun laws. I am going to keep fighting for uni-versal background checks, tougher straw purchasing laws, and better laws to prevent gun theft. I am not going to give up because of people like Patrick Korellis, who was shot in the head 10 years ago at the tragedy at Northern Illinois University. Luckily, Patrick survived, and since that day, he has been a leader in Illinois, fighting for commonsense gun reform. I have come to know and admire him for his efforts. No one should have to go through what Patrick went through and so many others went through on that day in DeKalb, IL, 10 years ago. We owe it to Patrick, to the other NIU victims and families and community members, and to the hundreds of thousands more across America who have been killed and wounded by guns this past decade to keep trying to reduce the toll of gun violence. Maybe we can’t stop every shooting, but if we do our best to keep guns out of dangerous hands, we will save lives. I intend to keep doing my best to achieve that goal. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The senior assistant legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1958, AS MODIFIED  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I mod-ify my amendment No. 1958 with the text at the desk. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator has that right. The amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be strick-en, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Immigration Security and Opportunity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL AND AD-JUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 244A. CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO ENTERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) APPLICABLE FEDERAL TAX LIABILITY .— The term ‘applicable Federal tax liability’ means liability for Federal taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in-cluding any penalties and interest on Fed-eral taxes imposed under that Code. ‘‘(2) A
RMED FORCES .—The term ‘Armed Forces’ has the meaning given the term ‘armed forces’ in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(3) DACA.—The term ‘DACA’ means the deferred action for childhood arrivals policy described in the memorandum issued by the Secretary dated June 15, 2012 (rescinded on September 5, 2017). ‘‘(4) DACA 
RECIPIENT .—The term ‘DACA re-cipient’ means an alien who was granted and remained in deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(5) D
ISABILITY .—The term ‘disability’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(1) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102(1)). ‘‘(6) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘early childhood education program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). ‘‘(7) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘ele-mentary school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(8) F
ELONY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘felony’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense punishable by imprisonment for a term that exceeds 1 year. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘felony’ does not include a State or local criminal offense for which an essential element is the immi-gration status of an alien. ‘‘(9) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(10) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ does not include an insti-tution of higher education outside the United States. ‘‘(11) M
ISDEMEANOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal of-fense for which— ‘‘(i) the maximum term of imprisonment is— ‘‘(I) greater than 5 days; and ‘‘(II) not greater than 1 year; and ‘‘(ii) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘misdemeanor’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is— ‘‘(i) the immigration status of the alien; ‘‘(ii) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(iii) a minor traffic offense. ‘‘(12) P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A  
CONDITIONAL BASIS .—The term ‘permanent resident status on a conditional basis’ means status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis under this section. ‘‘(13) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902). ‘‘(14) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘sec-ondary school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(15) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(16) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense— ‘‘(i) for which the maximum term of im-prisonment is— ‘‘(I) more than 5 days; and ‘‘(II) not more than 1 year; and ‘‘(ii)(I) that, regardless of the sentence im-posed, is— ‘‘(aa) a crime of domestic violence (as de-fined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)); or ‘‘(bb) an offense of— ‘‘(AA) sexual abuse or exploitation; ‘‘(BB) burglary; ‘‘(CC) unlawful possession or use of a fire-arm; ‘‘(DD) drug distribution or trafficking; or ‘‘(EE) driving under the influence, if the applicable State law requires, as elements of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alco-hol content equal to or greater than .08; or ‘‘(II) that resulted in a sentence of time in custody of more than 90 days. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is the immigration status of an alien. ‘‘(17) U
NIFORMED SERVICES .—The term ‘Uni-formed Services’ has the meaning given the term ‘uniformed services’ in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who is inadmissible to, or deportable from, the United States if— ‘‘(1) the alien is a DACA recipient; or ‘‘(2)(A) the alien has been continuously physically present in the United States since June 15, 2012; ‘‘(B) the alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; ‘‘(C) subject to subsections (c) and (d), the alien— ‘‘(i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a); ‘‘(ii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and ‘‘(iii) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(I) a felony; ‘‘(II) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(III) 3 or more misdemeanors— ‘‘(aa) not occurring on the same date; and ‘‘(bb) not arising out of the same act, omis-sion, or scheme of misconduct; ‘‘(D) the alien— ‘‘(i) has been admitted to an institution of higher education; ‘‘(ii)(I) has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a public or private high school; or ‘‘(II) has obtained— ‘‘(aa) a general education development cer-tificate recognized under State law; or ‘‘(bb) a high school equivalency diploma in the United States; ‘‘(iii) is enrolled in— ‘‘(I) secondary school; or ‘‘(II) an education program assisting stu-dent in— ‘‘(aa) obtaining— ‘‘(AA) a regular high school diploma; or ‘‘(BB) the recognized equivalent of a reg-ular high school diploma; or ‘‘(bb) passing— ‘‘(AA) a general educational development exam; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.044 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES960 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(BB) a high school equivalence diploma examination; or ‘‘(CC) any other similar State-authorized exam; or ‘‘(iv)(I) has served, is serving, or has en-listed in the Armed Forces; or ‘‘(II) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Armed Forces, has re-ceived an honorable discharge; ‘‘(E)(i) the alien has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the entire period for which the alien was authorized to work in the United States; or ‘‘(ii) the alien has entered into an agree-ment to pay, through a payment installment plan approved by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue, any applicable Federal tax li-ability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien was author-ized to work in the United States; and ‘‘(F) the alien was under the age of 38 years on June 15, 2012. ‘‘(c) W
AIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any ben-efit under this section, the Secretary may, on a case-by-case basis, waive a ground of in-admissibility under paragraph (2), (6)(E), (6)(G), or (10)(D) of section 212(a)— ‘‘(A) for humanitarian purposes; or ‘‘(B) if the waiver is otherwise in the public interest. ‘‘(2) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, and quarterly thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that identifies, for the preceding quarter— ‘‘(A) the number of waivers requested by aliens under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the number of waiver requests granted by the Secretary under that paragraph; and ‘‘(C) the number of waiver requests denied by the Secretary under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVIC -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An expunged conviction shall not automatically be treated as a con-viction referred to in subsection (b)(2)(C)(iii), (o)(3)(A)(iii), or (p)(1)(A)(i)(III). ‘‘(2) C
ASE-BY-CASE EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary shall evaluate an expunged conviction on a case-by-case basis according to the na-ture and severity of the offense underlying the expunged conviction, based on the record of conviction, to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien is el-igible for cancellation of removal, adjust-ment to permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis, or other adjustment of status. ‘‘(e) DACA R
ECIPIENTS .—With respect to a DACA recipient, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of the DACA recipient and ad-just the status of the DACA recipient to the status of an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis un-less, since the date on which the DACA re-cipient was granted deferred action status under DACA, the DACA recipient has en-gaged in conduct that would render an alien ineligible for deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION FEE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under paragraph (1) only if the alien— ‘‘(A)(i) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and ‘‘(iii) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; ‘‘(B) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(C)(i) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(ii) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or ‘‘(D)(i) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, accu-mulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(ii) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. ‘‘(g) SUBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO-
GRAPHIC DATA.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not grant an alien permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec- retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any alien who is unable to provide the bi-ometric or biographic data referred to in paragraph (1) due to of a physical impair-ment. ‘‘(h) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines appropriate— ‘‘(A) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis; and ‘‘(B) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(2) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under paragraph (1) shall be completed, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary grants the alien perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(3) C
RIMINAL RECORD REQUESTS .—With re- spect to an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to obtain from INTERPOL, EUROPOL, or any other international or na-tional law enforcement agency of the coun-try of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien information about any criminal activ-ity— ‘‘(A) in which the alien engaged in the country of nationality, country of citizen-ship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien; or ‘‘(B) for which the alien was convicted in the country of nationality, country of citi-zenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien. ‘‘(i) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall undergo a medical examination. ‘‘(2) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall prescribe policies and procedures for the na-ture and timing of the examination required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) M
ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section shall establish that the alien has registered under the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), if the alien is subject to registration under that Act. ‘‘(k) DETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PRES-
ENCE .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— Any period of continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis under this section shall not ter-minate on the date on which the alien is served a notice to appear under section 239(a). ‘‘(2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN  
PRESENCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States if the alien has departed from the United States for any period greater than 90 days or for any periods, in the aggregate, greater than 180 days. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXTENUATING CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the time periods described in subparagraph (A) for an alien who demonstrates that the fail-ure to timely return to the United States was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the control of the alien, including the serious illness of the alien, or death or seri-ous illness of a parent, grandparent, sibling, or child of the alien. ‘‘(C) T
RAVEL AUTHORIZED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .—Any period of travel outside of the United States by an alien that was author-ized by the Secretary may not be counted to-ward any period of departure from the United States under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General may not remove an alien who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section. ‘‘(2) A
LIENS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL .—With re- spect to an alien who is in removal pro-ceedings, the subject of a final removal order, or the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, the Attorney General shall pro-vide the alien with a reasonable opportunity to apply for relief under this section. ‘‘(m) C
ERTAIN ALIENS ENROLLED IN ELEMEN -
TARY OR SECONDARY SCHOOL .— ‘‘(1) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall stay the removal proceedings of an alien who— ‘‘(A) meets all the requirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sub-section (b)(2), subject to subsections (c) and (d); ‘‘(B) is at least 5 years of age; and ‘‘(C) is enrolled in an elementary school, a secondary school, or an early childhood edu-cation program. ‘‘(2) C
OMMENCEMENT OF REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary may not com-mence removal proceedings for an alien de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYMENT .—An alien whose re-moval is stayed pursuant to paragraph (1) or who may not be placed in removal pro-ceedings pursuant to paragraph (2) shall, on application to the Secretary, be granted an employment authorization document. ‘‘(4) L
IFT OF STAY .—The Secretary or At-torney General may not lift the stay granted to an alien under paragraph (1) unless the alien ceases to meet the requirements under that paragraph. ‘‘(n) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law applies a numerical limitation on the number of aliens who may be granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.036 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S961 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(o) T ERMS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-
TUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS.— ‘‘(1) P
ERIOD OF STATUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis is— ‘‘(i) subject to subparagraph (B), valid for a period of 7 years; and ‘‘(ii) subject to termination under para-graph (3). ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary may extend the period described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) N
OTICE OF REQUIREMENTS .—At the time an alien obtains permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary shall provide notice to the alien regarding the pro-visions of this section and the requirements to have the conditional basis of that status removed. ‘‘(3) T
ERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec- retary may terminate the permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis of an alien only if the Secretary— ‘‘(A) subject to subsections (c) and (d), de-termines that the alien— ‘‘(i) is inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a); ‘‘(ii) has ordered, incited, assisted, or oth-erwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, nation-ality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; or ‘‘(iii) has been convicted of— ‘‘(I) a felony; ‘‘(II) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(III) 3 or more misdemeanors— ‘‘(aa) not occurring on the same date; and ‘‘(bb) not arising out of the same act, omis-sion, or scheme of misconduct; and ‘‘(B) prior to the termination, provides the alien— ‘‘(i) notice of the proposed termination; and ‘‘(ii) the opportunity for a hearing to pro-vide evidence that the alien meets the re-quirements or otherwise contest the termi-nation. ‘‘(4) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA -
TUS.—The immigration status of an alien whose permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis expires under paragraph (1)(A)(i) or is terminated under paragraph (3) or whose application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis is denied shall return to the immigration status of the alien on the day before the date on which the alien received permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis or applied for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis, as appro-priate. ‘‘(p) R
EMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS OF  P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR REMOVAL OF CONDI -
TIONAL BASIS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall remove the condi-tional basis of the permanent resident status of an alien granted under this section and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien— ‘‘(i) subject to subsections (c) and (d)— ‘‘(I) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a); ‘‘(II) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and ‘‘(III) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(aa) a felony; ‘‘(bb) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(cc) 3 or more misdemeanors— ‘‘(AA) not occurring on the same date; and ‘‘(BB) not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of misconduct; ‘‘(ii) has not abandoned the residence of the alien in the United States; ‘‘(iii)(I) has acquired a degree from an in-stitution of higher education or has com-pleted at least 2 years, in good standing, in a program for a bachelor’s degree or higher degree in the United States; ‘‘(II)(aa) has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years; or ‘‘(bb) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Uniformed Services, has received an honorable discharge; or ‘‘(III) has been employed for periods total-ing at least 3 years and at least 75 percent of the time that the alien has had a valid em-ployment authorization, except that any pe-riod during which the alien is not employed while having a valid employment authoriza-tion and is enrolled in an institution of high-er education, a secondary school, or an edu-cation program described in subsection (b)(2)(D)(iii), shall not count toward the time requirements under this clause; ‘‘(iv)(I) has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien has been in permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or ‘‘(II) has entered into an agreement to pay the applicable Federal tax liability through a payment installment plan approved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and ‘‘(v) has demonstrated good moral char-acter during the entire period for which the alien has been in permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(B) CITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .—The condi-tional basis of the permanent resident status granted to an alien under this section may not be removed unless the alien dem-onstrates that the alien satisfies the require-ments of section 312(a). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for lawful permanent resident status under this subsection to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(ii) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under clause (i) only if the alien— ‘‘(I)(aa) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(bb) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and ‘‘(cc) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; ‘‘(II) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(III)(aa) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(bb) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or ‘‘(IV)(aa) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, the alien accumulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(bb) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. ‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not remove the conditional basis of the perma-nent resident status of an alien unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) ALTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec- retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any applicant who is unable to provide the biometric or biographic data referred to in clause (i) due to physical impairment. ‘‘(E) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— ‘‘(I) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for removal of the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien; and ‘‘(II) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for re-moval of the conditional basis of the perma-nent resident status of the alien. ‘‘(ii) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under clause (i) shall be completed, to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary removes the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien. ‘‘(2) N
ATURALIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of title III, an alien granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall be considered to have been admitted to the United States, and to be present in the United States, as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON APPLICATION FOR NATU -
RALIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An alien shall not be nat-uralized— ‘‘(I) on any date on which the alien is in permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or ‘‘(II) subject to clause (iii), before the date that is 12 years after the date on which the alien was granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(ii) A
DVANCED FILING DATE .—Subject to clause (iii), with respect to an alien granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the alien may file an application for naturalization not more than 90 days before the date that is 12 years after the date on which the alien was granted permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(iii) R
EDUCTION IN PERIOD .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), the 12-year period referred to in clause (i)(II) and clause (ii) may be reduced by the number of days on which the alien was a DACA re-cipient, if applicable. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-clause (I), the reduction in the 12-year period referred to in clause (i)(II) and clause (ii) shall be not more than 2 years. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN PARENTS .—An alien shall not be eligible to adjust status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence based on a petition filed by a child or a son or daughter of the alien if— ‘‘(A) the child or son or daughter was granted permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis; and ‘‘(B) the alien knowingly assisted the child or son or daughter to enter the United States unlawfully. ‘‘(q) D
OCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— An alien’s application for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis may in-clude, as proof of identity— ‘‘(A) a passport or national identity docu-ment from the alien’s country of origin that includes the alien’s name and the alien’s photograph or fingerprint; ‘‘(B) the alien’s birth certificate and an identity card that includes the alien’s name and photograph; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.036 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES962 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(C) a school identification card that in-cludes the alien’s name and photograph, and school records showing the alien’s name and that the alien is or was enrolled at the school; ‘‘(D) a Uniformed Services identification card issued by the Department of Defense; ‘‘(E) any immigration or other document issued by the United States Government bearing the alien’s name and photograph; or ‘‘(F) a State-issued identification card bearing the alien’s name and photograph. ‘‘(2) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING CONTINUOUS  
PHYSICAL PRESENCE IN THE UNITED STATES .— To establish that an alien has been continu-ously physically present in the United States, as required under subsection (b)(2)(A), or to establish that an alien has not abandoned residence in the United States, as required under subsection (p)(1)(A)(ii), the alien may submit documents to the Secretary, including— ‘‘(A) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; ‘‘(B) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; ‘‘(C) records of service from the Uniformed Services; ‘‘(D) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; ‘‘(E) passport entries; ‘‘(F) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; ‘‘(G) automobile license receipts or reg-istration; ‘‘(H) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; ‘‘(I) tax receipts; ‘‘(J) insurance policies; ‘‘(K) remittance records; ‘‘(L) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; ‘‘(M) copies of money order receipts for money sent in or out of the United States; ‘‘(N) dated bank transactions; or ‘‘(O) 2 or more sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien who have direct knowledge of the alien’s contin-uous physical presence in the United States, that contain— ‘‘(i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and ‘‘(ii) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien. ‘‘(3) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING INITIAL  
ENTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES .—To establish under subsection (b)(2)(B) that an alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States, an alien may submit documents to the Secretary, including— ‘‘(A) an admission stamp on the alien’s passport; ‘‘(B) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; ‘‘(C) any document from the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Se-curity stating the alien’s date of entry into the United States; ‘‘(D) hospital or medical records showing medical treatment or hospitalization, the name of the medical facility or physician, and the date of the treatment or hospitaliza-tion; ‘‘(E) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; ‘‘(F) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; ‘‘(G) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; ‘‘(H) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; ‘‘(I) automobile license receipts or reg-istration; ‘‘(J) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; ‘‘(K) tax receipts; ‘‘(L) travel records; ‘‘(M) copies of money order receipts sent in or out of the country; ‘‘(N) dated bank transactions; ‘‘(O) remittance records; or ‘‘(P) insurance policies. ‘‘(4) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ADMISSION TO  
AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—To es- tablish that an alien has been admitted to an institution of higher education, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a document from the institution of higher education cer-tifying that the alien— ‘‘(A) has been admitted to the institution; or ‘‘(B) is currently enrolled in the institu-tion as a student. ‘‘(5) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF A  
DEGREE FROM AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDU -
CATION .—To establish that an alien has ac-quired a degree from an institution of higher education in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a diploma or other document from the institution stating that the alien has received such a degree. ‘‘(6) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF  
HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA , GENERAL EDUCATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE , OR A RECOGNIZED  
EQUIVALENT .—To establish that an alien has earned a high school diploma or a commen-surate alternative award from a public or private high school, or has obtained a gen-eral educational development certificate rec-ognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) a high school diploma, certificate of completion, or other alternate award; ‘‘(B) a high school equivalency diploma or certificate recognized under State law; or ‘‘(C) evidence that the alien passed a State- authorized exam, including the general edu-cational development exam, in the United States. ‘‘(7) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ENROLLMENT  
IN AN EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM .—To establish that an alien is enrolled in any school or education program described in subsection (b)(2)(D)(iii), (m)(1)(C), or (p)(1)(A)(iii)(III), the alien shall submit school records from the United States school that the alien is currently attending that include— ‘‘(A) the name of the school; and ‘‘(B) the alien’s name, periods of attend-ance, and current grade or educational level. ‘‘(8) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EXEMPTION  
FROM APPLICATION FEES .—To establish that an alien is exempt from an application fee under subsection (f)(2) or (p)(1)(C)(ii), the alien shall submit to the Secretary the fol-lowing relevant documents: ‘‘(A) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH AGE .—To es- tablish that an alien meets an age require-ment, the alien shall provide proof of iden-tity, as described in paragraph (1), that es-tablishes that the alien is younger than 18 years of age. ‘‘(B) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH INCOME .—To establish the alien’s income, the alien shall provide— ‘‘(i) employment records that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency; ‘‘(ii) bank records; or ‘‘(iii) at least 2 sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the alien’s work and income that contain— ‘‘(I) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and ‘‘(II) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien. ‘‘(C) DOCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH FOSTER  
CARE , LACK OF FAMILIAL SUPPORT , HOMELESS -
NESS, OR SERIOUS , CHRONIC DISABILITY .—To establish that the alien was in foster care, lacks parental or familial support, is home-less, or has a serious, chronic disability, the alien shall provide at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the circumstances that contain— ‘‘(i) a statement that the alien is in foster care, otherwise lacks any parental or other familiar support, is homeless, or has a seri-ous, chronic disability, as appropriate; ‘‘(ii) the name, address, and telephone number of the affiant; and ‘‘(iii) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien. ‘‘(D) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH UNPAID MED -
ICAL EXPENSE .—To establish that the alien has debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses, the alien shall provide receipts or other documentation from a medical pro-vider that— ‘‘(i) bear the provider’s name and address; ‘‘(ii) bear the name of the individual re-ceiving treatment; and ‘‘(iii) document that the alien has accumu-lated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an imme-diate family member of the alien. ‘‘(9) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING SERVICE IN  
THE UNIFORMED SERVICES .—To establish that an alien has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years and, if discharged, re-ceived an honorable discharge, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) a Department of Defense form DD-214; ‘‘(B) a National Guard Report of Separa-tion and Record of Service form 22; ‘‘(C) personnel records for such service from the appropriate Uniformed Service; or ‘‘(D) health records from the appropriate Uniformed Service. ‘‘(10) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EMPLOY -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may satisfy the employment requirement under section (p)(1)(A)(iii)(III) by submitting records that— ‘‘(i) establish compliance with such em-ployment requirement; and ‘‘(ii) have been maintained by the Social Security Administration, the Internal Rev-enue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency. ‘‘(B) O
THER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is unable to submit the records described in subparagraph (A) may satisfy the employ-ment requirement by submitting at least 2 types of reliable documents that provide evi-dence of employment, including— ‘‘(i) bank records; ‘‘(ii) business records; ‘‘(iii) employer records; ‘‘(iv) records of a labor union, day labor center, or organization that assists workers in employment; ‘‘(v) sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have di-rect knowledge of the alien’s work, that con-tain— ‘‘(I) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and ‘‘(II) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien; and ‘‘(vi) remittance records. ‘‘(11) A
UTHORITY TO PROHIBIT USE OF CER -
TAIN DOCUMENTS .—If the Secretary deter-mines, after publication in the Federal Reg-ister and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.036 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S963 February 14, 2018 
does not reliably establish identity or that permanent resident status on a conditional basis is being obtained fraudulently to an unacceptable degree, the Secretary may pro-hibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents. ‘‘(r) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL PUBLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register regulations implementing this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) A
FFIRMATIVE APPLICATION .—The regu-lations published under subparagraph (A) shall allow any eligible individual to imme-diately apply affirmatively for the relief available under subsection (b) without being placed in removal proceedings. ‘‘(2) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations published pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall be effective, on an in-terim basis, immediately on publication in the Federal Register, but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. ‘‘(3) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which interim reg-ulations are published under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish final regulations implementing this section. ‘‘(4) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT .—The re- quirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘Paperwork Reduction Act’) shall not apply to any action to implement this sub-section. ‘‘(s) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not disclose or use for the purpose of immigra-tion enforcement any information provided in— ‘‘(A) an application filed under this sec-tion; or ‘‘(B) a request for deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(2) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Sec-retary may not refer to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or any designee of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Customs and Border Protection any in-dividual who— ‘‘(A) has been granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or ‘‘(B) was granted deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(3) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), information provided in an application for permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis or a request for de-ferred action status under DACA may be shared with a Federal security or law en-forcement agency— ‘‘(A) for assistance in the consideration of an application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis; ‘‘(B) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; ‘‘(C) for national security purposes; or ‘‘(D) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. ‘‘(4) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this subsection shall be fined not more than $10,000.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 244 the following: ‘‘Sec. 244A. Cancellation of removal for cer-tain long-term residents who entered the United States as children.’’. SEC. 3. REDUCTION OF FAMILY-SPONSORED IM-MIGRANT VISAS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION AGAINST THE SPONSOR OF  U
NMARRIED CHILDREN OLDER THAN 21 Y EARS  
OFAGE BY LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .— Section 203(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) S
POUSES AND CHILDREN OF ALIENS LAW -
FULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT RESI -
DENCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Qualified immigrants who are the spouse or child of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence shall be allocated visas in a number not to exceed the sum of— ‘‘(i) 114,200; ‘‘(ii) the number (if any) by which such worldwide level exceeds 226,000; and ‘‘(iii) the number of visas not required for the class described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall not allocate a visa based on a petition filed by an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on behalf of an unmarried son or daughter under subparagraph (B) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act) after December 31, 2018. ‘‘(ii) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The Secretary of State shall allocate a visa to a principal or derivative beneficiary of an approved peti-tion filed by an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence on behalf of a spouse or an unmarried son or daughter under subpara-graph (B) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) before Janu-ary 1, 2019, in accordance with that subpara-graph (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act), if the principal or derivative beneficiary is otherwise eligible for the visa. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF PRIORITY DATE .—In the case of an alien child who is the principal or derivative beneficiary of a petition filed under subparagraph (A) who turns 21 years old before the date on which a visa becomes available, the alien may retain the priority date assigned to the alien under that sub-paragraph for a petition filed under this sub-section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 101(a)(15)(V) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; (2) in section 201(f)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1151(f)(2)), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; (3) in section 202— (A) in subsection (a)(8 U.S.C. 1152(a))— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3) and (4)’’ (ii) by striking paragraph (4); and (iii) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘, or as limiting the number of visas that may be issued under section 203(a)(2)(A) pursuant to subsection (a)(4)(A)’’; (4) in section 203(h)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(A) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’; (5) in section 204— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (i) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘if such a child has not been classified under clause (iii) of section 203(a)(2)(A) and’’; and (II) in subclause (II)(cc), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; and (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; and (B) in subsection (k)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘alien unmarried son or daughter’s classification as a family-spon-sored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘alien child’s classification as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘son or daughter’’ and in-serting ‘‘child’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘unmarried son or daugh-ter as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘child as an immediate relative under section 201(b)(2)’’; and (6) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date on which— (1) the Secretary of Homeland Security has adjudicated each petition that is filed under section 203(a)(2)(B) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) be-fore January 1, 2019; and (2) the Secretary of State has allocated to each eligible alien a visa based on a petition described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4. BORDER SECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) A
PPROPRIATIONS FOR BORDER SECU-
RITY.—The following sum is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, namely $25,000,000,000 for— (1) the construction of physical barriers; (2) border security technologies; (3) tactical infrastructure; (4) marine vessels; (5) aircraft; (6) unmanned aerial systems; (7) facilities; and (8) equipment. (c) A
VAILABILITY FOR FISCAL YEAR2018.—Of the amount appropriated by subsection (b), amounts shall be available for fiscal year 2018 as follows: (1) For impedance and denial, $1,571,000,000. (2) For domain awareness, $658,000,000. (3) For access and mobility, $143,000,000. (4) For the retention, recruitment, and re-location of officers of Border Patrol Agents, Customs Officers, and Air and Marine per-sonnel, $148,000,000, including for not fewer than 615 officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (5) To hire 615 U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers for deployment to ports of entry, $75,000,000. (d) A
VAILABILITY FOR FISCAL YEARS 2019 T
HROUGH 2027.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (f), of the amount appropriated by subsection (b), the amount available for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 shall be $2,500,000,000. (2) L
IMITATION .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (b) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 shall only be available for operationally effective designs deployed as of the date of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), such as currently de-ployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (e) R
EPORT ON PLAN FOR IMPROVEMENT OF  B
ORDER SECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the Commit-tees of jurisdiction of the Senate and the House of Representatives a risk-based plan 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00035 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.036 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES964 February 14, 2018 
for improving security along the borders of the United States, including the use of per-sonnel, fencing, other forms of tactical infra-structure, and technology. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by this subsection shall include the following: (A) A statement of goals, objectives, ac-tivities, and milestones for the plan. (B) A detailed implementation schedule for the plan with estimates for the planned obli-gation of funds for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 that are linked to the milestone-based delivery of specific— (i) capabilities and services; (ii) mission benefits and outcomes; (iii) program management capabilities; and (iv) lifecycle cost estimates. (C) A description of the manner in which specific projects under the plan will enhance border security goals and objectives and ad-dress the highest priority border security needs. (D) An identification of the planned loca-tions, quantities, and types of resources, such as fencing, other physical barriers, or other tactical infrastructure and technology, under the plan. (E) A description of the methodology and analyses used to select specific resources for deployment to particular locations under the plan that includes— (i) analyses of alternatives, including com-parative costs and benefits; (ii) an assessment of effects on commu-nities and property owners near areas of in-frastructure deployment; and (iii) a description of other factors critical to the decision-making process. (F) An identification of staffing require-ments under the plan, including full-time equivalents, contractors, and detailed per-sonnel, by activity. (G) A description of performance metrics for the plan for assessing and reporting on the contributions of border security capabili-ties realized from current and future invest-ments. (H) A description of the status of the ac-tions of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to address open recommendations by the Office of Inspector General and the Govern-ment Accountability Office relating to bor-der security, including plans, schedules, and associated milestones for fully addressing such recommendations. (I) A comprehensive plan to consult State and local elected officials on the eminent do-main and construction process relating to physical barriers; (J) A comprehensive analysis, following consultation with the Secretary of Interior and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, of the environmental im-pacts of the construction and placement of physical barriers planned along the South-west border, including barriers in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; (K) Certifications by the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Management, in-cluding all documents, memoranda, and a de-scription of the investment review and infor-mation technology management oversight and processes supporting such certifications, that— (i) the plan has been reviewed and approved in accordance with an acquisition review management process that complies with cap-ital planning and investment control and re-view requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including as pro-vided in Circular A–11, part 7; and (ii) all activities under the plan comply with Federal acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and practices. (f) L
IMITATION ON AVAILABILITY FOR FISCAL  Y
EARS 2019 T HROUGH 2027.— (1) L
IMITATION .—The amount specified in subsection (d) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 shall not be available for such fiscal year unless— (A) the Secretary submits to Congress, not later than 60 days before the beginning of such fiscal year, a report setting forth— (i) a description of every planned expendi-ture in such fiscal year under the plan re-quired by subsection (e) in an amount in ex-cess of $50,000,000; (ii) a description of the total number of miles of security fencing or barriers that will be constructed in such fiscal year under the plan; (iii) a statement of the number of new U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers to be hired in such fiscal year under the plan and the intended location of deployment; (iv) a description of the new roads to be in-stalled in such fiscal year under the plan; (v) a description of the land to be acquired in such fiscal year under the plan, includ-ing— (I) all necessary land acquisitions; (II) the total number of necessary con-demnation actions; and (III) the precise number of landowners that will be affected by the construction of such physical barriers; (vi) a description of the amount and types of technology to be acquired for each of the northern border and the southern border in such fiscal year under the plan; and (vii) a statement of the percentage of each of the northern border and the southern bor-der for which the Department of Homeland Security will obtain full situational aware-ness in such fiscal year under the plan; and (B) not later than October 1 of such fiscal year, the Secretary certifies to Congress that the Department of Homeland achieved not less than 75 percent of the goals of the Department under the plan (other than for land acquisition) for the prior fiscal year. (2) AVAILABILITY WITHOUT CERTIFICATION .— If the Secretary is unable to make the cer-tification described in paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a fiscal year as of October 1 of the succeeding fiscal year, the amount specified in subsection (d) for such succeeding fiscal year shall not be available except pursuant to an Act of Congress specifically making such amount available for such succeeding fiscal year that is enacted into law in such succeeding fiscal year. (g) A
VAILABILITY .—If amounts described in subsection (d) are available for a fiscal year, such amounts shall remain available for 5 years. (h) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the amounts appropriated under this section may be re-programmed for or transferred to any other component of the Department of Homeland Security. (i) B
UDGET REQUEST .—An expenditure plan for amounts made available pursuant to sub-section (b)— (1) shall be included in each budget for a fiscal year submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; and (2) shall describe planned obligations by program, project, and activity in the receiv-ing account at the same level of detail pro-vided for in the request for other appropria-tions in that account. (j) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The budgetary effects of this section shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. (2) S
ENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this section shall not be en-tered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H.Con.Res. 71 (115th Congress). (k) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (1) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered appropriation amount’’ means the amount appropriated for border security for a fiscal year under subsection (b). (2) P
OINT OF ORDER IN THE SENATE .— (A) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to consider a provision in a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce the covered appropriation amount for a fiscal year. (ii) P
OINT OF ORDER SUSTAINED .—If a point of order is made by a Senator against a pro-vision described in clause (i), and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that pro-vision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (B) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subparagraph (A) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (C) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subparagraph (A), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (D) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— In the Senate, this paragraph may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this paragraph. (l) E
NFORCEMENT PRIORITIES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) F
ELONY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘felony’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense punishable by imprisonment for a term that exceeds 1 year. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘felony’’ does not include a State or local criminal offense for which an essential element is the immi-gration status of an alien. (B) M
ISDEMEANOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal of-fense for which— (I) the maximum term of imprisonment is— (aa) greater than 5 days; and (bb) not greater than 1 year; and (II) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘misdemeanor’’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is— (I) the immigration status of the alien; (II) a significant misdemeanor; or (III) a minor traffic offense. (C) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00036 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.036 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S965 February 14, 2018 
(I) for which the maximum term of impris-onment is— (aa) more than 5 days; and (bb) not more than 1 year; and (II)(aa) that, regardless of the sentence im-posed, is— (AA) a crime of domestic violence (as de-fined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)(i)); or (BB) an offense of— (CC) sexual abuse or exploitation; (DD) burglary; (EE) unlawful possession or use of a fire-arm; (FF) drug distribution or trafficking; or (GG) driving under the influence, if the ap-plicable State law requires, as elements of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alco-hol content equal to or greater than .08; or (bb) that resulted in a sentence of time in custody of more than 90 days. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is the immigration status of an alien. (2) P
RIORITIES .—In carrying out immigra-tion enforcement activities, the Secretary shall prioritize available immigration en-forcement resources to aliens who— (A) have been convicted of— (i) a felony; (ii) a significant misdemeanor; or (iii) 3 or more misdemeanor offenses; (B) pose a threat to national security or public safety; or (C)(i) are unlawfully present in the United States; and (ii) arrived in the United States after June 30, 2018. 
SEC. 5. OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI-BILITY. 
Not later than September 30, 2021, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign suffi-cient special agents at the Office of Profes-sional Responsibility. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ma-jority leader. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for amendment No. 1955. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on amend-ment No. 1955 to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to un-subsidized COBRA continuation coverage. Angus S. King, Jr., Christopher A. Coons, Heidi Heitkamp, Joe Donnelly, Tim Kaine, Mark R. Warner, Sheldon Whitehouse, Debbie Stabenow, Mar-garet Wood Hassan, Jeanne Shaheen, Jack Reed, Tammy Baldwin, Patty Murray, Edward J. Markey, Amy Klo-buchar, Richard J. Durbin, Brian Schatz, Charles E. Schumer. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for amendment No. 1948. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 1948 to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Thune, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker, James Lankford, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, Lamar Alexander, Steve Daines, Shelley Moore Capito, Dan Sullivan. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture motion to the desk for amendment No. 1958, as modified. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 1958, as modified, to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA con-tinuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Thune, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker, James Lankford, Lisa Murkowski, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, Lamar Alexander, Steve Daines, Shelley Moore Capito. 
CLOTURE MOTION  
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I send a cloture amendment to the desk for amendment No. 1959. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clo-ture motion having been presented under rule XXII, the Chair directs the clerk to read the motion. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on Senate amendment No. 1959 to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Thom Tillis, Chuck Grassley, John Cornyn, David Perdue, John Thune, Cory Gardner, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker, James Lankford, John Hoeven, Rob Portman, Lamar Alexander, Steve Daines, Shelley Moore Capito, Dan Sullivan. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the man-datory quorum calls for the cloture motions be waived. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. EXECUTIVE SESSION EXECUTIVE CALENDAR Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to executive session for the consideration of the following nomina-tion: Executive Calendar No. 586. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the nomination. The senior assistant legislative clerk read the nomination of Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Di-rector for Management, Office of Man-agement and Budget. Thereupon, the Senate proceeded to consider the nomination. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I ask unanimous consent that the Senate vote on the nomination with no intervening action or debate; that if confirmed, the mo-tion to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table; that the Presi-dent be immediately notified of the Senate’s action; that no further mo-tions be in order; and that any state-ments relating to the nomination be printed in the R
ECORD . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The question is, Will the Senate ad-vise and consent to the Weichert nomi-nation? The nomination was confirmed. 
f 
NOMINATIONS DISCHARGED Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation be discharged from and the Senate proceed to the consider-ation of PN474–2; that the nominations be confirmed, the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate; that no further motions be in order; that any statements related to the nominations be printed in the R
ECORD ; that the President be imme-diately notified of the Senate’s action, and the Senate then resume legislative session. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The nominations considered and con-firmed are as follows: 
IN THE COAST GUARD  The following named officers for appoint-ment in the United States Coast Guard to the grade indicated under title 14, U.S.C., section 271(d): To be rear admiral Rear Adm. (lh) Steven J. Andersen Rear Adm. (lh) Keith M. Smith f 
LEGISLATIVE SESSION The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ate will now resume legislative session. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00037 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.036 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES966 February 14, 2018 
with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FAMILY AND MEDICAL LEAVE ACT Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, last week marked the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act, a landmark law that resulted in an im-portant victory for working families in Illinois and across the country. I am proud that I supported this bill in 1993 while serving in the House of Rep-resentatives. Before passage of the Family and Medical Leave Act, being a working parent meant that you might have to choose between keeping your job or taking care of yourself and your fam-ily. This is an impossible choice that no hard-working American should have to make. This legislation extended im-portant protections to workers so that they would no longer have to risk los-ing their job in order to care for a new child or a loved one who is seriously ill or to address their own serious health condition. But for too many hard-working Americans, taking unpaid leave is still not an option. These workers could be fired for taking time to care for a loved one, meaning they can’t buy food, clothes for their kids, or pay medical bills. In Illinois alone, unpaid leave through the Family and Medical Leave Act is inaccessible for 60 percent of working adults. I have heard from many of these constituents. They are worried about the impossible choices they are forced to make in order to take care of themselves and their loved ones. Additionally, just 15 percent of American workers have access to paid family leave. These gaps cost nearly $21 billion in lost wages annually, mak-ing it more difficult for parents and family caregivers to boost their earn-ings and savings over time. At the same time, the responsibil-ities of the American workforce have changed in the past 25 years. As work-ing Americans get older, they are more likely to require medical care and sup-port from their loved ones to recover from illness. At the same time, more and more women are becoming the breadwinner for their families; among women of color in my home State, this trend couldn’t be clearer. Eighty-four percent of Black mothers and 49 per-cent of Latina mothers in Illinois are the breadwinners in their family. In Congress, we must do more to en-sure that family leave is widely acces-sible and fits the needs of today’s workforce. I am proud to be a cospon-sor of the FAMILY Act, which would create a national paid family and med-ical leave policy. Expanding access to paid family leave makes it easier for parents and caregivers to return to their jobs and stay in the workforce. It also means they have more money to spend and put back into their local economies. This policy doesn’t just make moral sense, it makes economic sense. As we mark the 25th anniversary of the Family and Medical Leave Act, I hope that Congress can come together on this issue and expand paid family and medical leave to cover more Amer-icans. I am committed to doing my part to ensure fairer workplaces and better health and financial security for hardworking families across the coun-try. 
f 
REMEMBERING GLADYS LLANES Mr. RUBIO. Mr. President, today I want to commemorate the life of Glad-ys Llanes, who passed away last week in Miami, FL. As she was in life, in the end, she was surrounded by family and friends who loved and cared for her deeply. Gladys served as a senior con-stituent services representative in my office specializing in immigration issues. I was not the first Senator for whom Gladys worked. That honor goes to the senior Senator from New Jersey. Even though she had lived in South Florida for a number of years, Gladys remained a Jersey girl through and through. I was fortunate to have Gladys in my office, and the people of Florida were fortunate to have Gladys working for them because she was the best at what she did. I do not say that as conjecture; I know she was the best. I heard it from her colleagues, from the constituents she served, from the attorneys she as-sisted, and from the agency with which she worked daily. Gladys was so good at her job that, when the agency want-ed to train their own staff on how to work with congressional offices, they brought Gladys to their training throughout the country to help teach agency staff. That is high praise and an acknowledgment of professional excel-lence. The stories have come rushing out as people have heard of her passing: families reunited who thought they would never see each other again, daughters able to spend the last mo-ments of their parent’s life with them because of a visa issued, family mem-bers who needed admittance to this country to donate organs to loved ones, children who are alive today because Gladys helped them get into this coun-try to receive the lifesaving treatment they needed. Repeatedly, Gladys found ways to make the seemingly impos-sible possible. She lived an impactful and meaningful life and touched thou-sands of lives for the better. But there was so much more to Glad-ys than just her professional success. Gladys was fiercely patriotic and loved America—not the ideals of America or America in theory, she loved America, and she made it her mission to see as much of it as possible. In her 50th year, Gladys met her goal of seeing each of the 50 States. Just driving through a State or transferring in an airport did not count; she actually had to spend time there. She loved to visit light-houses, national parks, and Major League Baseball stadiums. Thwarted constantly in her goal to see all the ballparks because they kept opening new ones, she had a ready excuse to go back to those cities again and see an-other game. Gladys did not just love America; she loved Americans. She could not visit to a town, eat a meal, fly on a plane, or stand in a line without making a friend. Funny and full of life, Gladys attracted friends like few others. She knew someone almost everywhere and stayed in touch constantly. When she would go back through their State, she would go out of her way to visit, share a meal, and stay at their homes. When folks from across the country came to south Florida, they wanted see the ocean and feel the Sun, but they also wanted to catch up with their friend Gladys. Everywhere that Gladys went, she took photos. Family photos, land-scape photos, photos of friends—Gladys would tell you, if you did not take a photo, how would you know it hap-pened? I cannot count how many photos I took with Gladys—easily doz-ens. We took one together almost every time I saw her, and I can trace how being a Senator has aged me just going through my photos with Gladys over the years. Sometimes I would take a photo with her after having taken one a few days before and wonder why we needed to take another one so soon. Nevertheless, Gladys always insisted we take one more photo. What we would not give to have a few more op-portunities to take more photos with her. A photo captures a moment in times, moments that are fleeting and pass in-stantly, but added up, life is a series of moments and memories. Gladys Llanes captured those moments to live a life full of joy and accomplishment. She is missed by her friends and family, and we will remember her and all the mo-ments she was with us. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
TRIBUTE TO PAUL REEDER ∑Mr. TESTER. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Paul Reeder, a retired Billings Police Department chaplain, for his unwavering faith, rock-solid dedication, and compassionate heart. His words of wisdom have brought comfort, peace, and joy to families all across Billings and the State of Mon-tana. Paul was born to John and Ella Reed-er during the Great Depression, and as a young boy, Paul helped support his family, working in their garden, rais-ing food, and helping to preserve it each fall. Paul took his first job in the min-istry in 1955 in Valier, MT, before mov-ing to Havre in 1958 to pastor at the First Baptist Church. In 1966, he and his family moved to Great Falls, where he led the Riverview 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00038 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G14FE6.056 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S967 February 14, 2018 
Baptist Church. After a few years there, he reached out to other commu-nity organizations in the area facing administrative challenges. Finally, he, his wife, Mary, and their three children Doug, Karen, and Bar-bara moved to Billings, where Paul ac-cepted the directorship of Friendship House of Christian Service. He helped coordinate and expand programs there including early childcare, afterschool programs, and nutrition classes. Though Paul is retired, he continues to preach one Sunday each month at All Nations Church and still attends morning briefings at the Billings Po-lice Department. Paul has built a life around helping others and building stronger commu-nities. He is a role model for Montana, and Billings is a better place because of his work.∑ 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 11:20 a.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 3397. An act to direct the National Science Foundation to support STEM edu-cation research focused on early childhood. H.R. 4376. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to re-search equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 4377. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to re-search equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes. H.R. 4378. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, and for other purposes. H.R. 4533. An act to designate the health care system of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lexington, Kentucky, as the ‘‘Lex-ington VA Health Care System’’ and to make certain other designations. H.R. 4675. An act to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to provide for a low-dose radi-ation basic research program. H.R. 4979. An act to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
The President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ) reported that on today, Feb-ruary 14, 2018, he has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bill, which was pre-viously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 96. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 3397. An act to direct the National Science Foundation to support STEM edu-cation research focused on early childhood; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. H.R. 4376. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to re-search equipment and the construction of a research user facility, and for other pur-poses; to the Committee on Energy and Nat-ural Resources. H.R. 4377. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out certain upgrades to re-search equipment and construct research user facilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. H.R. 4378. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to carry out the construction of a versatile reactor-based fast neutron source, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4675. An act to amend the Energy Pol-icy Act of 2005 to provide for a low-dose radi-ation basic research program; to the Com-mittee on Energy and Natural Resources. H.R. 4979. An act to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program; to the Committee on Finance. f ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, February 14, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 96. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES The following reports of committees were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute: S. 951. A bill to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formu-late new regulations and guidance docu-ments, and for other purposes (Rept. No. 115– 208). f 
EXECUTIVE REPORTS OF COMMITTEE The following executive reports of nominations were submitted: 
By Mr. JOHNSON for the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. *Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director of the Office of Personnel Management. *Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Di-rector of the Office of Personnel Manage-ment for a term of four years. 
*Nomination was reported with rec-ommendation that it be confirmed sub-ject to the nominee’s commitment to respond to requests to appear and tes-tify before any duly constituted com-mittee of the Senate. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Ms. W ARREN ): S. 2425. A bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to repeal the Internal Rev-enue Service’s private debt collection pro-gram; to the Committee on Finance. By Mrs. GILLIBRAND: S. 2426. A bill to amend the Agricultural Act of 2014 to return premiums paid under the margin protection program for dairy pro-ducers to participating dairy operations; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. PETERS (for himself and Mr. B
URR): S. 2427. A bill to establish a task force to identify countervailable subsidies and dump-ing; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. HATCH: S. 2428. A bill to amend the Commodity Ex-change Act to exempt certain small entities dealing in foreign exchange that serve small- and medium-sized businesses from certain capital and margin requirements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agri-culture, Nutrition, and Forestry. By Mr. BROWN (for himself, Mr. C
OR-
NYN, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. N ELSON , Mr. P
ORTMAN , Mr. T ILLIS , and Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ): S. 2429. A bill to amend chapter 77 of title 18, United States Code, to clarify that using drugs or illegal substances to cause a person to engage in a commercial sex act con-stitutes coercion and using drugs or illegal substances to provide or obtain the labor or services of a person constitutes forced labor; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. COONS (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. M ORAN , Mr. D ONNELLY , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mrs. E RNST , Mrs. C AP-
ITO, and Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO ): S. 2430. A bill to provide a permanent ap-propriation of funds for the payment of death gratuities and related benefits for sur-vivors of deceased members of the uniformed services in event of any period of lapsed ap-propriations; to the Committee on Appro-priations. f 
SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. M CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ): S. Res. 406. A resolution to authorize rep-resentation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of United States v. Ahmed Alahmedalabdaloklah; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 266 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. B
LUMENTHAL ), the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) and the Sen-ator from Virginia (Mr. W
ARNER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 266, a bill to award the Congressional Gold Medal to Anwar Sadat in recognition of his he-roic achievements and courageous con-tributions to peace in the Middle East. 
S. 292 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the names of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) and the Senator from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00039 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.047 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES968 February 14, 2018 
Mississippi (Mr. W ICKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 292, a bill to maximize discovery, and accelerate development and availability, of promising child-hood cancer treatments, and for other purposes. 
S. 339 
At the request of Mr. N ELSON , the name of the Senator from Vermont (Mr. S
ANDERS ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 339, a bill to amend title 10, United States Code, to repeal the re-quirement for reduction of survivor an-nuities under the Survivor Benefit Plan by veterans’ dependency and in-demnity compensation, and for other purposes. 
S. 424 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 424, a bill to amend title 5, United States Code, to include certain Federal positions within the definition of law enforcement officer for retire-ment purposes, and for other purposes. 
S. 732 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from Michigan (Mr. P
ETERS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 732, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a refund-able tax credit against income tax for the purchase of qualified access tech-nology for the blind. At the request of Mr. B
OOZMAN , the names of the Senator from Nebraska (Mrs. F
ISCHER ) and the Senator from Oklahoma (Mr. I
NHOFE ) were added as cosponsors of S. 732, supra. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to estab-lish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the Na-tional Park Service, and for other pur-poses. 
S. 915 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) were added as cosponsors of S. 915, a bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the Government pension offset and windfall elimination provi-sions. 
S. 980 
At the request of Mrs. C APITO , the name of the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN) was added as a cosponsor of S. 980, a bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for pay-ments for certain rural health clinic and Federally qualified health center services furnished to hospice patients under the Medicare program. 
S. 1027 
At the request of Mr. H ATCH , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. CORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1027, a bill to extend the Se-cure Rural Schools and Community Self-Determination Act of 2000. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the names of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) and the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collec-tively, to the Chinese-American Vet-erans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1215 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the name of the Senator from Arkansas (Mr. C
OTTON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1215, a bill to amend part E of title IV of the Social Security Act to allow States that provide foster care for children up to age 21 to serve former foster youths through age 23 under the John H. Chafee Foster Care Independence Program. 
S. 1537 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Oregon (Mr. M
ERKLEY ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 1537, a bill to amend the Neotropical Migratory Bird Con-servation Act to reauthorize the Act. 
S. 1689 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1689, a bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the applica-tion of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes. 
S. 1719 
At the request of Mr. B LUNT , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1719, a bill to eliminate duties on imports of recreational performance outerwear, to establish the Sustainable Textile and Apparel Research Fund, and for other purposes. 
S. 1917 
At the request of Mr. G RASSLEY , the names of the Senator from Indiana (Mr. Y
OUNG ) and the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) were added as co-sponsors of S. 1917, a bill to reform sen-tencing laws and correctional institu-tions, and for other purposes. 
S. 2032 
At the request of Ms. C ANTWELL , the name of the Senator from Washington (Mrs. M
URRAY ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2032, a bill to make certain footwear eligible for duty-free treat-ment under the Generalized System of Preferences, and for other purposes. 
S. 2076 
At the request of Ms. C OLLINS , the name of the Senator from Idaho (Mr. C
RAPO ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2076, a bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to authorize the expansion of activities related to Alzheimer’s dis-ease, cognitive decline, and brain health under the Alzheimer’s Disease and Healthy Aging Program, and for other purposes. S. 2147 
At the request of Mr. B ROWN , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) and the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. B
OOKER ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2147, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to create a Pension Rehabilitation Trust Fund to establish a Pension Re-habilitation Administration within the Department of the Treasury to make loans to multiemployer defined benefit plans, and for other purposes. 
S. 2270 
At the request of Mr. D AINES , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Ms. W
ARREN ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2270, a bill to make im-provements to the account for the State response to the opioid abuse cri-sis to improve tribal health. 
S. 2324 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from New Jersey (Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2324, a bill to amend the In-vestment Company Act of 1940 to change certain requirements relating to the capital structure of business de-velopment companies, to direct the Se-curities and Exchange Commission to revise certain rules relating to business development companies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2345 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the names of the Senator from Michigan (Ms. S
TABENOW ) and the Senator from New Hampshire (Ms. H
ASSAN ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2345, a bill to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide addi-tional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. 
S. 2353 
At the request of Mr. C OTTON , the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2353, a bill to require the Secretary of the Treasury to report on the esti-mated total assets under direct or indi-rect control by certain senior Iranian leaders and other figures, and for other purposes. 
S. 2354 
At the request of Mr. U DALL , the name of the Senator from Florida (Mr. N
ELSON ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2354, a bill to provide for the adminis-tration of certain national monuments, to establish a National Monument En-hancement Fund, and to establish cer-tain wilderness areas in the States of New Mexico and Nevada. 
S. 2379 
At the request of Mr. K AINE, the name of the Senator from Georgia (Mr. P
ERDUE ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2379, a bill to improve and expand au-thorities, programs, services, and bene-fits for military spouses and military families, and for other purposes. 
S. 2421 
At the request of Mrs. F ISCHER , the name of the Senator from Nebraska 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:21 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00040 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.009 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S969 February 14, 2018 
(Mr. S ASSE) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2421, a bill to amend the Com-prehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 to provide an exemption from cer-tain notice requirements and penalties for releases of hazardous substances from animal waste at farms. 
S. RES. 61 
At the request of Mr. D ONNELLY , his name was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 61, a resolution calling on the De-partment of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to in-vestigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States. 
S. RES. 368 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the name of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. Res. 368, a resolution sup-porting the right of all Iranian citizens to have their voices heard. 
S. RES. 402 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the names of the Senator from Illinois (Mr. D
URBIN ) and the Senator from Massa-chusetts (Ms. W
ARREN ) were added as cosponsors of S. Res. 402, a resolution calling upon the President to exercise relevant mandatory sanctions authori-ties under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act in response to the Government of the Russian Federation’s continued aggres-sion in Ukraine and illegal occupation of Crimea and assault on democratic institutions around the world, includ-ing through cyber attacks. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1948 
At the request of Mr. T OOMEY , the names of the Senator from West Vir-ginia (Mrs. C
APITO ), the Senator from West Virginia (Mr. M
ANCHIN ), the Sen-ator from Nevada (Mr. H
ELLER ), the Senator from Louisiana (Mr. K
ENNEDY ) and the Senator from Montana (Mr. D
AINES ) were added as cosponsors of amendment No. 1948 proposed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1954 
At the request of Mr. H ELLER , the name of the Senator from Texas (Mr. C
ORNYN ) was added as a cosponsor of amendment No. 1954 intended to be pro-posed to H.R. 2579, a bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 406—TO AU-THORIZE REPRESENTATION BY THE SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL IN THE CASE OF UNITED STATES V. AHMED ALAHMEDALABDALOKLAH Mr. M
CCONNELL (for himself and Mr. S
CHUMER ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: S. R ES. 406 Whereas, in the case of United States v. Ahmed Alahmedalabdaloklah, No. CR–12–01263– 001–PHX–ROS, pending in the United States District Court for the District of Arizona, the defendant has issued a subpoena for tes-timony and documents to Senator Lindsey Graham; Whereas, pursuant to sections 703(a) and 704(a)(2) of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978, 2 U.S.C. §§288b(a) and 288c(a)(2), the Senate may direct its counsel to represent Members of the Senate with respect to any subpoena, order, or request for testimony or documents relating to their official respon-sibilities; Whereas, by the privileges of the Senate of the United States and Rule XI of the Stand-ing Rules of the Senate, no evidence under the control or in the possession of the Senate may, by the judicial or administrative proc-ess, be taken from such control or possession but by permission of the Senate; and Whereas, by Rule VI of the Standing Rules of the Senate, no Senator shall absent him-self from the service of the Senate without leave: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate Legal Counsel is authorized to represent Senator Lindsey Graham in this matter. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. Mr. President, on behalf of myself and the distinguished Democratic leader, Mr. S
CHUMER , I send to the desk a resolution author-izing representation by the Senate Legal Counsel and ask for its imme-diate consideration. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, this resolution concerns a subpoena from the defendant in a criminal case pend-ing in Arizona Federal court. The de-fendant is charged with various crimes alleging his assistance to an Iraqi in-surgent group by supplying parts for use in improvised explosive devices. The defendant issued a trial subpoena to Senator G
RAHAM for testimony and documents arising out of his Senate duties. As any information Senator G
RAHAM would have in this matter would have been acquired as part of his legislative duties, the information sought would be privileged under the Speech or Debate Clause. This resolu-tion would authorize the Senate Legal Counsel to represent Senator G
RAHAM  and move to quash the subpoena. 
f 
AMENDMENTS SUBMITTED AND PROPOSED 
SA 1957. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1958. Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Mr. A
LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I SAK-
SON, and Mr. W ARNER ) proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 2579, supra. SA 1959. Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C OT-
TON, Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. A LEX-ANDER , and Mr. I SAKSON ) proposed an amend-ment to the bill H.R. 2579, supra. SA 1960. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1961. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1962. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1963. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1964. Mr. HATCH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1965. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1966. Mr. PAUL submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1967. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1968. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. V
AN H
OLLEN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. R EED, Mr. K
AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. S MITH, and Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1969. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1970. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1971. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1972. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1973. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1974. Ms. SMITH submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1975. Mrs. M
CCASKILL (for herself, Mr. T
ESTER , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1976. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1977. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1978. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1979. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1980. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:46 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00041 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.011 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES970 February 14, 2018 
SA 1981. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for herself and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1982. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1959 proposed by Mr. G
RASS -
LEY(for himself, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. I SAKSON ) to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1983. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1984. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1985. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1986. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1987. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1988. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1989. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1990. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1991. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1992. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1993. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1994. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 1995. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1996. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1997. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1998. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 1999. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2000. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2001. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for herself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2002. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2003. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2004. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. HASSAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2005. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2006. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2007. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2008. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2009. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2010. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. G RA-
HAM, Mr. K AINE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G
ARDNER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub- mitted an amendment intended to be pro-posed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2011. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2012. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2013. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2014. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2015. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. U DALL ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was or-dered to lie on the table. SA 2016. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. SA 2017. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, supra; which was ordered to lie on the table. f 
TEXT OF AMENDMENTS 
SA 1957. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Three-Year DACA Extension Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 102. Operations and support. TITLE II—DACA EXTENSION Sec. 201. Provisional protected presence for young individuals. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY 
SEC. 101. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated $5,013,000,000 to the Department of Homeland Security for fiscal years 2018 through 2020 for the purpose of improving border security. 
SEC. 102. OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT. 
(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this sec-tion to establish a Border Security Enforce-ment Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), to be administered through the De-partment of Homeland Security and, in fiscal year 2018 only, through the Department of State, to provide for costs necessary to im-plement this Act and other Acts related to border security for activities, including— (1) constructing, installing, deploying, op-erating, and maintaining tactical infrastruc-ture and technology in the vicinity of the United States border— (A) to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border; and (B) to deter, impede, and detect illegal ac-tivity in high traffic areas; and (C) to implement other border security provisions under titles I and II; (2) implementing port of entry provisions under titles I and II; (3) purchasing new aircraft, vessels, spare parts, and equipment to operate and main-tain such craft; and (4) hiring and recruitment. (b) F
UNDING .—There are authorized to be appropriated, and are appropriated, to the Fund, out of any monies in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, a total of $7,639,000,000, as follows: (1) For fiscal year 2018, $2,947,000,000, to re-main available through fiscal year 2022. (2) For fiscal year 2019, $2,225,000,000, to re-main available through fiscal year 2023. (3) For fiscal year 2020, $2,467,000,000, to re-main available through fiscal year 2024. (c) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In each of the following fiscal years, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity shall transfer, from the Fund to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Pro-curement, Construction and Improvements account, for the purpose of constructing, re-placing, or planning physical barriers along the United States land border, a total of $5,013,000,000, as follows: (A) $1,571,000,000 for fiscal year 2018. (B) $1,600,000,000 for fiscal year 2019. (C) $1,842,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1552(a) of title 31, United States Code, any amounts obligated for the purposes described in this subsection shall remain available for disbursement until ex-pended. (d) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Other than the amounts transferred by the Secretary of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00042 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.015 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S971 February 14, 2018 
Homeland Security and the Secretary of State pursuant to subsections (b) and (c), the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives may provide for the transfer of amounts in the Fund for each fiscal year to eligible activities under this section, including— (1) for the purpose of constructing, replac-ing, or planning for physical barriers along the United States land border; or (2) for any of the technologies described in subsection (a). (e) U
SE OF FUND.—If the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives do not provide for the trans-fer of funds in a full-year appropriation in any fiscal year in accordance with sub-section (d), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall transfer amounts in the Fund to accounts within the Department of Home-land Security for eligible activities under this section, including not less than the amounts specified in subsection (c) for the purpose of constructing, replacing, or plan-ning for physical barriers along the United States land border. (f) B
UDGET REQUEST .—A request for the transfer of amounts in the Fund under this section— (1) shall be included in each budget for a fiscal year submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; and (2) shall detail planned obligations by pro-gram, project, and activity in the receiving account at the same level of detail provided for in the request for other appropriations in that account. (g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—At the be-ginning of fiscal year 2019, and annually thereafter until the funding made available under this title has been expended, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives that describes— (1) the status of border security in the United States; and (2) the amount planned to be expended on border security during the upcoming fiscal year, broken down by project and activity. TITLE II—DACA EXTENSION 
SEC. 201. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE FOR YOUNG INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 244A. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRES-ENCE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) DACA 
RECIPIENT .—- The term ‘DACA recipient’ means an alien who is in deferred action status on the date of the enactment of this section pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (‘DACA’) Program an-nounced on June 15, 2012. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (ex-cluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigra-tion status) punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year. ‘‘(3) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status, a significant misdemeanor, and a minor traffic offense) for which— ‘‘(A) the maximum term of imprisonment is greater than five days and not greater than 1 year; and ‘‘(B) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. ‘‘(4) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(5) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status) for which the maximum term of imprison-ment is greater than 5 days and not greater than 1 year that— ‘‘(A) regardless of the sentence imposed, is a crime of domestic violence (as defined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)) or an offense of sexual abuse or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession or use of a firearm, drug distribu-tion or trafficking, or driving under the in-fluence if the State law requires, as an ele-ment of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alcohol content of .08 or higher; or ‘‘(B) resulted in a sentence of time in cus-tody of more than 90 days, excluding an of-fense for which the sentence was suspended. ‘‘(6) T
HREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—An alien is a ‘threat to national security’ if the alien is— ‘‘(A) inadmissible under section 212(a)(3); or ‘‘(B) deportable under section 237(a)(4). ‘‘(7) T
HREAT TO PUBLIC SAFETY .—An alien is a ‘threat to public safety’ if the alien— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of an offense for which an element was participation in a criminal street gang (as defined in section 521(a) of title 18, United States Code); or ‘‘(B) has engaged in a continuing criminal enterprise (as defined in section 408(c) of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 848(c))). ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall grant provisional protected pres-ence to an alien who files an application demonstrating that he or she meets the eli-gibility criteria under subsection (c) and pays the appropriate application fee; ‘‘(2) may not remove such alien from the United States during the period in which such provisional protected presence is in ef-fect unless such status is rescinded pursuant to subsection (g); and ‘‘(3) shall provide such alien with employ-ment authorization. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—An alien is eli-gible for provisional protected presence under this section and employment author-ization if the alien— ‘‘(1) was born after June 15, 1981; ‘‘(2) entered the United States before reaching 16 years of age; ‘‘(3) continuously resided in the United States between June 15, 2007, and the date on which the alien files an application under this section; ‘‘(4) was physically present in the United States on June 15, 2012, and on the date on which the alien files an application under this section; ‘‘(5) was unlawfully present in the United States on June 15, 2012; ‘‘(6) on the date on which the alien files an application for provisional protected pres-ence— ‘‘(A) is enrolled in school or in an edu-cation program assisting students in obtain-ing a regular high school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent under State law, or in passing a general educational development exam or other State-authorized exam; ‘‘(B) has graduated or obtained a certifi-cate of completion from high school; ‘‘(C) has obtained a general educational de-velopment certificate; or ‘‘(D) is an honorably discharged veteran of the Coast Guard or Armed Forces of the United States; ‘‘(7) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(A) a felony; ‘‘(B) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(C) 3 or more misdemeanors not occurring on the same date and not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of mis-conduct; and ‘‘(8) does not otherwise pose a threat to na-tional security or a threat to public safety. ‘‘(d) DURATION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE AND EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—Provisional protected presence and the employment authorization provided under this section shall be effective until the date that is 3 years after the date of the en-actment of this section. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS DURING PERIOD OF PROVISIONAL  P
ROTECTED PRESENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien granted provi-sional protected presence is not considered to be unlawfully present in the United States during the period beginning on the date such status is granted and ending on the date de-scribed in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) S
TATUS OUTSIDE PERIOD .—The granting of provisional protected presence under this section does not excuse previous or subse-quent periods of unlawful presence. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) A
GE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien who has never been in removal proceedings, or whose pro-ceedings have been terminated before mak-ing a request for provisional protected pres-ence, shall be at least 15 years old on the date on which the alien submits an applica-tion under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The age requirement set forth in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who, on the date on which the alien applies for provisional protected presence, is in removal proceedings, has a final removal order, or has a voluntary departure order. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION FEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire aliens applying for provisional pro-tected presence and employment authoriza-tion under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— ‘‘(i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level; and ‘‘(III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; ‘‘(ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level; or ‘‘(iv)(I) as of the date on which the alien files an application under this section, has accumulated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level. ‘‘(3) R
EMOVAL STAYED WHILE APPLICATION  
PENDING .—The Secretary may not remove an alien from the United States who appears prima facie eligible for provisional protected 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00043 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.017 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES972 February 14, 2018 
presence while the alien’s application for provisional protected presence is pending. ‘‘(4) A
LIENS NOT IN IMMIGRATION DETEN -
TION.—An alien who is not in immigration detention, but who is in removal pro-ceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, may apply for provisional pro-tected presence under this section if the alien appears prima facie eligible for provi-sional protected presence. ‘‘(5) A
LIENS IN IMMIGRATION DETENTION .— The Secretary shall provide any alien in im-migration detention, including any alien who is in removal proceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a voluntary departure order, who appears prima facie eligible for provisional protected presence, upon request, with a reasonable op-portunity to apply for provisional protected presence under this section. ‘‘(6) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-tect information provided in applications for provisional protected presence under this section and in requests for consideration of DACA from disclosure to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the purpose of im-migration enforcement proceedings. ‘‘(B) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Sec-retary may not refer individuals whose cases have been deferred pursuant to DACA or who have been granted provisional protected presence under this section to U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(C) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—The information submitted in applications for provisional protected presence under this section and in requests for consideration of DACA may be shared with national security and law en-forcement agencies— ‘‘(i) for assistance in the consideration of the application for provisional protected presence; ‘‘(ii) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; ‘‘(iii) for national security purposes; and ‘‘(iv) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. ‘‘(7) A
CCEPTANCE OF APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Secretary shall begin accepting applications for provisional protected presence and employment author-ization. ‘‘(g) R
ESCISSION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE .—The Secretary may not rescind an alien’s provisional protected presence or employment authorization granted under this section unless the Secretary determines that the alien— ‘‘(1) has been convicted of— ‘‘(A) a felony; ‘‘(B) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(C) 3 or more misdemeanors not occurring on the same date and not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of mis-conduct; ‘‘(2) poses a threat to national security or a threat to public safety; ‘‘(3) has traveled outside of the United States without authorization from the Sec-retary; or ‘‘(4) has ceased to continuously reside in the United States. ‘‘(h) T
REATMENT OF BRIEF, CASUAL , ANDIN-
NOCENT DEPARTURES AND CERTAIN OTHER AB-
SENCES .—For purposes of subsections (c)(3) and (g)(4), an alien shall not be considered to have failed to continuously reside in the United States due to— ‘‘(1) brief, casual, and innocent absences from the United States during the period be-ginning on June 15, 2007, and ending on Au-gust 14, 2012; or ‘‘(2) travel outside of the United States on or after August 15, 2012, if such travel was authorized by the Secretary. ‘‘(i) TREATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVIC -
TIONS .—For purposes of subsections (c)(7) and (g)(1), an expunged conviction shall not auto-matically be treated as a disqualifying fel-ony, significant misdemeanor, or mis-demeanor, but shall be evaluated on a case- by-case basis according to the nature and se-verity of the offense to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien should be eligible for provisional pro-tected presence under this section. ‘‘(j) E
FFECT OF DEFERRED ACTION UNDER  D
EFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) P
ROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE .—A DACA recipient is deemed to have provi-sional protected presence under this section through the expiration date of the alien’s de-ferred action status, as specified by the Sec-retary in conjunction with the approval of the alien’s DACA application. ‘‘(2) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .—If a DACA recipient has been granted employ-ment authorization by the Secretary in addi-tion to deferred action, the employment au-thorization shall continue through the expi-ration date of the alien’s deferred action sta-tus, as specified by the Secretary in conjunc-tion with the approval of the alien’s DACA application. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPLICATION .—If a DACA re-cipient files an application for provisional protected presence under this section not later than the expiration date of the alien’s deferred action status, as specified by the Secretary in conjunction with the approval of the alien’s DACA application, the alien’s provisional protected presence, and any em-ployment authorization, shall remain in ef-fect pending the adjudication of such appli-cation.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 244 the following: ‘‘Sec. 244A. Provisional protected pres-ence.’’. 
SA 1958. Mr. SCHUMER (for himself, Mr. R
OUNDS , Mr. K ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M
ANCHIN , Mr. G RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F
LAKE , Mr. C OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S
HAHEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LO-
BUCHAR , Mr. I SAKSON , and Mr. W ARNER ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; as fol-lows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be strick-en, insert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Immigration Reform Act of 2018’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Subtitle A—Appropriations for U.S. Customs and Border Protection Sec. 101. Operations and support. Sec. 102. Procurement, construction, and improvements. Sec. 103. Administrative provisions. Subtitle B—Improving Border Safety and Security Sec. 111. Border access roads. Sec. 112. Flexibility in employment authori-ties. Sec. 113. Distress beacons. Sec. 114. Southern border region emergency communications grants. Sec. 115. Office of Professional Responsi-bility. Subtitle C—Body-Worn Cameras With Privacy Protections Sec. 121. Short title. Sec. 122. Pilot program on use of body-worn cameras. Sec. 123. Development of policies with re-spect to body-worn cameras. Sec. 124. Consultations; public comment. Sec. 125. Implementation plan. Sec. 126. Deployment. Subtitle D—GAO Studies Sec. 131. GAO study on the use of visa fees. Sec. 132. GAO study on deaths in custody. Sec. 133. GAO studies on migrant deaths. TITLE II—DREAM ACT AND PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE Subtitle A—Dream Act Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Definitions. Sec. 203. Permanent resident status on a conditional basis for certain long-term residents who en-tered the United States as chil-dren. Sec. 204. Terms of permanent resident status on a conditional basis. Sec. 205. Removal of conditional basis of permanent resident status. Sec. 206. Documentation requirements. Sec. 207. Rulemaking. Sec. 208. Confidentiality of information. Sec. 209. Restoration of State option to de-termine residency for purposes of higher education benefits. TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Subtitle A—Appropriations for U.S. Customs and Border Protection SEC. 101. OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT. 
There is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and in addition to any amounts otherwise pro-vided in such fiscal year, $675,000,000 to U.S. Customs and Border Protection for ‘‘Oper-ations and Support’’, to remain available until September 30, 2019, which shall be available as follows: (1) $531,000,000 for— (A) border security technologies; (B) facilities; (C) equipment; and (D) the purchase, maintenance, or oper-ation of marine vessels, aircraft, and un-manned aerial systems. (2) $48,000,000 for retention, recruitment, and relocation of Border Patrol Agents, Cus-toms Officers, and Air and Marine personnel. (3) $75,000,000 to hire 615 additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers for deployment to ports of entry. (4) $21,000,000 for data circuits and network bandwidth surveillance and associated per-sonnel. 
SEC. 102. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS. 
There is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and in addition to any amounts otherwise pro-vided in such fiscal year, $2,030,239,000 for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improve-ments’’, to remain available until September 30, 2022, which shall be available as follows: (1) $784,000,000 for 32 miles of border bollard fencing in the Rio Grande Valley Sector, Texas. (2) $498,000,000 for 28 miles of a bollard levee fencing in the Rio Grande Valley Sec-tor, Texas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:00 May 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00044 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\FEBRUARY\S14FE8.REC S14FE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S973 February 14, 2018 
(3) $251,000,000 for 14 miles of secondary fencing in the San Diego Sector, California. (4) $444,000,000 for border security tech-nologies, marine vessels, aircraft unmanned aerial systems, facilities, and equipment. (5) $38,239,000 to prepare the reports re-quired under subsections (b) and (c) of sec-tion 103. (6) $15,000,000 for chemical screening de-vices (as defined in section 2 of the INTER-DICT Act (Public Law 115–112)). 
SEC. 103. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Amounts appropriated under paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 102 shall only be available for operationally effective designs deployed as of the date of the enactment of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), such as currently deployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (b) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit an interim report to the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States that— (1) identifies, with respect to the physical barriers described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 102— (A) all necessary land acquisitions; (B) the total number of necessary con-demnation actions; and (C) the precise number of landowners that will be impacted by the construction of such physical barriers; (2) contains a comprehensive plan to con-sult State and local elected officials on the eminent domain and construction process re-lating to such physical barriers; (3) provides, after consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency, a comprehensive analysis of the en-vironmental impacts of the construction and placement of such physical barriers along the Southwest border, including barriers in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; and (4) includes, for each barrier segment de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of sec-tion 102, a thorough analysis and comparison of alternatives to a physical barrier to deter-mine the most cost effective security solu-tion, including— (A) underground sensors; (B) infrared or other day/night cameras; (C) tethered or mobile aerostats; (D) drones or other airborne assets; (E) integrated fixed towers; and (F) the deployment of additional border personnel. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report containing all of the information required under paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (b) to the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, and the Comptroller General of the United States. (d) GAO E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits each report de-scribed in subsections (b) and (c), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit an evaluation of the strengths and weaknesses of the report to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (e) RESCISSION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appro-priated under paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 102 that remain available after the completion of the construction projects de-scribed in such paragraphs shall be rescinded and returned to the general fund of the Treasury. (f) P
ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the amounts appropriated under this subtitle may be re-programmed or transferred for any other ac-tivity within the Department of Homeland Security. Subtitle B—Improving Border Safety and Security 
SEC. 111. BORDER ACCESS ROADS. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall construct roads along the Southern land border of the United States to facilitate safe and swift access for U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel to ac-cess the border for purposes of patrol and ap-prehension. (2) T
YPES OF ROADS .—The roads con-structed under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) access roads; (B) border roads; (C) patrol roads; and (D) Federal, State, local, and privately- owned roads. (b) M
AINTENANCE .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in partnership with local stakeholders, shall maintain roads used for patrol and apprehension. (c) P
OLICY GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (1) develop such policies and guidance for documenting agreements with landowners relating to the construction of roads under subsection (a) as the Secretary determines to be necessary; (2) share the policies and guidance devel-oped under paragraph (1) with each Border Patrol Sector of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (3) document and communicate the process and criteria for prioritizing funding for oper-ational roads not owned by the Federal Gov-ernment; and (4) assess the feasibility of options for ad-dressing the maintenance of non-Federal public roads, including any data needs relat-ing to such maintenance. 
SEC. 112. FLEXIBILITY IN EMPLOYMENT AU-THORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection employment authorities ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘rural or remote area’ means an area within the United States that is not within an area defined and designated as an urbanized area by the Bureau of the Census during the most recently completed decen-nial census; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION OF RECRUITMENT AND  R
ETENTION DIFFICULTIES IN RURAL OR RE-
MOTE AREAS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (c) and (d), the Secretary shall de-termine, for a rural or remote area, whether there is— ‘‘(A) a critical hiring need in the area; and ‘‘(B) a direct relationship between— ‘‘(i) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(ii) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area. ‘‘(2) FACTORS .—To inform the determina-tion of a direct relationship under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may consider evi-dence— ‘‘(A) that the Secretary— ‘‘(i) is unable to efficiently and effectively recruit individuals for positions as CBP em-ployees, which may be demonstrated with various types of evidence, including— ‘‘(I) evidence that multiple positions have been continuously vacant for significantly longer than the national average period for which similar positions in U.S. Customs and Border Protection are vacant; or ‘‘(II) recruitment studies that demonstrate the inability of the Secretary to efficiently and effectively recruit CBP employees for positions in the area; or ‘‘(ii) experiences a consistent inability to retain CBP employees that negatively im-pacts agency operations at a local or re-gional level; or ‘‘(B) of any other inability, directly related to recruitment or retention difficulties, that the Secretary determines sufficient. ‘‘(c) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-point, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, candidates to po-sitions in the competitive service as CBP employees, in a rural or remote area, if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) determines that— ‘‘(I) there is a critical hiring need; and ‘‘(II) there exists a severe shortage of qualified candidates because of the direct re-lationship identified by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(aa) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(bb) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(ii) has given public notice for the posi-tions. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIZATION OF HIRING VETERANS .— If the Secretary uses the direct hiring au-thority under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall apply the principles of pref-erence for the hiring of veterans established under subchapter I of chapter 33. ‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a bonus to an individual (other than an individual de-scribed in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) conditions consistent with the condi-tions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of such section 5753 are satis-fied with respect to the individual (without regard to any other provision of that sec-tion); and ‘‘(ii) the position to which the individual is appointed or to which the individual moves or must relocate— ‘‘(I) is a position as a CBP employee; and ‘‘(II) is in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct rela-tionship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(aa) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(bb) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00045 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES974 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(3) R
ETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus to a CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of such section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP employee (without regard to any other provision of that section); ‘‘(ii) the CBP employee is employed in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct relationship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(I) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(II) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(iii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) R
ULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee under— ‘‘(i) paragraph (2) may not exceed 100 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (3) may not exceed 50 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period. ‘‘(B) R
ELATION TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (2) or (3) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose. ‘‘(5) OPM 
OVERSIGHT .—The Director shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) set aside a determination of the Sec-retary under this subsection if the Director finds substantial evidence that the Secretary abused the discretion of the Secretary in making the determination; and ‘‘(B) oversee the compliance of the Sec-retary with this subsection. ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL PAYAUTHORITY .—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may estab-lish special rates of pay in accordance with that section if the Director finds that the re-cruitment or retention efforts of the Sec-retary with respect to positions for CBP em-ployees in 1 or more areas or locations are, or are likely to become, significantly handi-capped because the positions are located in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct relationship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(1) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(2) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area. ‘‘(e) REGULAR CBP R EVIEW .— ‘‘(1) E
NSURING FLEXIBILITIES MEET CBP  
NEEDS .—Each year, the Secretary shall re-view the use of hiring flexibilities under sub-sections (c) and (d) to fill positions at a loca-tion in a rural or remote area to determine— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of those flexi-bilities on solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the location; ‘‘(B) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the location; and ‘‘(C) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use those flexibilities at the loca-tion. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In conducting the re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (c) or (d) and then transferred to a new loca-tion or left U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on each review required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) I
MPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Immigration Reform Act of 2018, and in conjunction with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall de-velop and implement a strategy to improve education regarding hiring and human re-sources flexibilities (including hiring and human resources flexibilities for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency headquarters or field of-fices, who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assessment, or selection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(B) Regular training sessions for per-sonnel who are critical to filling open posi-tions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(C) The development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, to address identified hiring challenges in rural or re-mote areas. ‘‘(D) Developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through relationships with institutions of higher education, as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), veterans transition and employment centers, and job placement pro-gram in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(E) Examination of existing agency pro-grams on how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are can-didates or new hires in a rural or remote area. ‘‘(F) Feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families. ‘‘(G) Feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families. ‘‘(H) Evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of those programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) EVALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall — ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. ‘‘(g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of the Immigration Reform Act of 2018, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall review the use of hiring flexibilities by the Secretary under subsections (c) and (d) to determine whether the use of those flexibilities is helping the Secretary meet hiring and retention needs in rural and remote areas. ‘‘(h) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (c) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary may delegate any author-ity under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(B) O
VERSIGHT .—The Commissioner may not make a determination under subsection (b)(1) unless the Secretary approves the de-termination. ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from the applica-bility of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(j) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (c) and (d) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the en-actment of the Immigration Reform Act of 2018.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection employment authorities.’’. 
SEC. 113. DISTRESS BEACONS. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, working through U.S. Border Patrol, shall— (A) identify areas near the international border between the United States and Can-ada or the international border between the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00046 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S975 February 14, 2018 
United States and Mexico where migrant deaths are occurring due to climatic and en-vironmental conditions; and (B) deploy up to 1,000 beacon stations in the areas identified pursuant to subpara-graph (A). (2) F
EATURES .—Beacon stations deployed pursuant to paragraph (1) should— (A) include a self-powering mechanism, such as a solar-powered radio button, to sig-nal U.S. Border Patrol personnel or other emergency response personnel that a person at that location is in distress; (B) include a self-powering cellular phone relay limited to 911 calls to allow persons in distress in the area who are unable to get to the beacon station to signal their location and access emergency personnel; and (C) be movable to allow U.S. Border Patrol to relocate them as needed— (i) to mitigate migrant deaths; (ii) to facilitate access to emergency per-sonnel; and (iii) to address any use of the beacons for diversion by criminals. 
SEC. 114. SOUTHERN BORDER REGION EMER-GENCY COMMUNICATIONS GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the gov-ernors of the States located on the inter-national border between the United States and Mexico, shall establish a 2-year grant program to improve emergency communica-tions in the Southern border region. (b) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS .—An individual is eligible for a grant under this section if the individual demonstrates that he or she— (1) regularly resides or works in a State that shares a land border with Mexico; and (2) is at greater risk of border violence due to a lack of cellular and LTE network serv-ice at the individual’s residence or business and the individual’s proximity to the South-ern border. (c) U
SE OF GRANTS .—Grants awarded under this section may be used to purchase sat-ellite telephone communications systems and services that— (1) can provide access to 9–1–1 service; and (2) are equipped with receivers for the Global Positioning System. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SEC. 115. OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI-BILITY. 
Not later than September 30, 2021, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign suffi-cient special agents at the Office of Profes-sional Responsibility to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 550 full-time equivalent special agents. Subtitle C—Body-Worn Cameras With Privacy Protections 
SEC. 121. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘CBP Body-Worn Camera Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 122. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF BODY- WORN CAMERAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, through the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall establish a pilot program to test and evalu-ate the use of body-worn cameras by officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR PILOT PROGRAM AT  U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) D
URATION .—The pilot program required under subsection (a)— (A) shall be implemented not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) shall terminate on the date that is 11 months after such date of enactment. (2) DEPLOYMENT .—In carrying out the pilot program under this section, the Secretary shall ensure that— (A) not fewer than 500 body-worn cameras are deployed to officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (B) not fewer than 
1⁄2of such cameras are deployed to agents of U.S. Border Patrol; and (C) not fewer than 
1⁄2of such cameras are deployed along the international border be-tween the United States and Mexico. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the pilot program is terminated pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(B), the Secretary shall sub-mit a report to Congress that includes— (1) a detailed description of incidences of the use of force recorded using body-worn cameras under the pilot program, disaggregated by the race, ethnicity, gender, and age of the individuals involved; (2) a detailed description of incidences of the use of force in which a body-worn camera was not used, disaggregated by the race, eth-nicity, gender, and age of the individuals in-volved; (3) the number of complaints filed against officers or agents relating to the use of body- worn cameras under the pilot program; (4) the number of complaints filed related to an incident in which a body-worn camera was worn by an officer or agent, but in which the body-worn camera was not activated; (5) the disposition of complaints described in paragraphs (3) and (4); (6) an assessment of the effect of the use of body-worn cameras under the pilot program on the accountability and transparency of the use of force, including an assessment of— (A) the efficacy of body-worn cameras in deterring the use of excessive force by offi-cers and agents; and (B) the effect of the use of body-worn cam-eras on responses to and adjudications of complaints; (7) an assessment of the effect of the use of body-worn cameras under the pilot program on the safety of officers and agents; (8) an assessment of the effect of the use of body-worn cameras under the pilot program on public safety; (9) an assessment of the effect of the use of body-worn cameras under the pilot program on the collection of evidence for criminal in-vestigations and civil immigration enforce-ment, including the number of cases in which data from a body-worn camera was used as evidence; (10) an assessment of the effect of body- worn cameras on the personal privacy of members of the public and officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, and whether the use of pinpoint redac-tion technology may have assisted in pro-tecting personal privacy; (11) a description of issues that arose under the pilot program relating to the secure stor-age and handling of recordings from body- worn cameras; (12) a description of issues that arose under the pilot program relating to the access of the public to recordings from body-worn cameras, including— (A) issues that arose in situations in which the use of force by an officer or agent was in-volved; and (B) an accounting of any body-worn cam-era footage released to the public; (13) best practices for the development of protocols for the safe and effective use of body-worn cameras; (14) a description of issues that arose under the pilot program relating to violations of policies developed under section 123, includ-ing— (A) the number of violations detected, disaggregated by the type of violation; and (B) the number of internal affairs cases opened and the disposition of such cases; (15) the total number of hours body-worn cameras were activated under the pilot pro-gram, disaggregated by region; (16) an accounting of who accessed any body-worn camera recordings, disaggregated by classified position title and region; (17) an accounting and description of the total number of instances an activity that was required to be recorded by a body-worn camera was not recorded as described in sec-tion 123(b)(1)(E); and (18) any other matters relating to the pilot program that the Secretary considers appro-priate. 
SEC. 123. DEVELOPMENT OF POLICIES WITH RE-SPECT TO BODY-WORN CAMERAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall develop draft policies with respect to the use of body-worn cameras by officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The draft policies devel-oped under subsection (a) shall— (1) with respect to when a body-worn cam-era is activated or deactivated in the course of duty— (A) specify under what circumstances a body-worn camera is required to be acti-vated, including that such cameras shall be activated, at a minimum, at the inception of any calls for service or law enforcement en-counters, including vehicle stops, pedestrian stops, foot pursuits, witness and victim interviews, in-custody transports, and uses of force, except that when an immediate threat to an officer’s or agent’s life or safety makes activating the camera impossible or dangerous, the officer or agent shall activate the camera at the first reasonable oppor-tunity to do so; (B) include policies with respect to the use of body-worn cameras in use of force inci-dents, such as a shooting involving an officer or agent, or in critical incidents, including such an incident that results in an in-cus-tody death; (C) specify at what point a body-worn cam-era is required to be deactivated, which may be no earlier than when an encounter de-scribed in subparagraph (A) has fully con-cluded; (D) ensure that an officer or agent does not have the ability to edit or delete a recording taken by a body-worn camera; and (E) specify that an officer or agent who is wearing a body-worn camera shall provide an explanation if an activity that is required to be recorded by a body-worn camera is not re-corded; (2) with respect to the storage and mainte-nance of recordings from body-worn cam-eras— (A) define the minimum and maximum lengths of time for which such recordings shall be retained; (B) provide for the secure storage, han-dling, and destruction of recordings from body-worn cameras; (C) prevent and address issues relating to tampering with, or deleting or copying, such recordings; and (D) establish a system to store recordings collected by body-worn cameras in a manner that— (i) requires the logging of all viewing, modification, and deletion of such record-ings; and (ii) prevents, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, unauthorized access to and unau-thorized disclosure of such recordings; (3) with respect to privacy protections— (A) provide for necessary privacy protec-tions for officers and agents wearing body- worn cameras and members of the public with whom such officers and agents interact, including the use of pinpoint redaction tech-nology to protect personal privacy in a man-ner that does not interfere with the ability 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00047 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES976 February 14, 2018 
to fully and accurately ascertain the events that transpired; (B) require the consent of victims of and witnesses to a crime before recording inter-views relating to the crime may be recorded; (C) require that an officer or agent who is wearing a body-worn camera notify an indi-vidual that is the subject of a recording that the individual is being recorded as close to the inception of the encounter as reasonably possible; (D) require that, before entering a resi-dence without a warrant or in nonexigent circumstances, an officer or agent obtain consent from the occupant of the residence to continue the use of a body-worn camera; and (E) ensure that recordings unrelated to law enforcement purposes are minimized to the greatest extent practicable; (4) with respect to access to recordings from body-worn cameras— (A) ensure that any officer or agent wear-ing a body-worn camera is prohibited from accessing a recording on the camera without an authorized purpose; (B) clearly describe the circumstances in which officers and agents and their super-visors may view recordings from body-worn cameras; (C) permit supervisors to view recordings from body-worn cameras only for training purposes (and not for use in any disciplinary action against an agent or officer) or when there is a complaint filed against an agent or officer or a use of force incident; and (D) establish— (i) under what circumstances a recording from a body-worn camera will be released to the subject of the recording or to another law enforcement or intelligence agency or to the public; and (ii) protocols for such release; (5) establish under what circumstances re-cordings from body-worn cameras will be used to investigate potential misconduct of officers or agents or for other law enforce-ment purposes; (6) establish disciplinary procedures for violations of body-worn camera policies by agency personnel, including agents, officers and supervisors; and (7) ensure that training— (A) is required and provided to all officers and agents who use body-worn cameras and any personnel involved in the management, storage, or use of body-worn camera data; and (B) is provided before the use of any body- worn camera by such an officer or agent or the involvement of such agency personnel in the direct management, storage, or use of body-worn camera data. 
SEC. 124. CONSULTATIONS; PUBLIC COMMENT. 
In developing the pilot program under sec-tion 122 and the draft policies required under section 123, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall— (1) consult with— (A) the Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department of Homeland Se-curity; (B) the Chief Privacy Officer of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; (C) the Director of the Office of Privacy and Civil Liberties of the Department of Jus-tice; and (D) any labor organizations representing employees of the Department of Homeland Security who are involved with the use of body-worn cameras; (2) provide an opportunity for public com-ment; and (3) compile a report, which shall be posted on a publicly available website of the De-partment of Homeland Security, that— (A) summarizes the comments received pursuant to paragraph (2); and (B) describes the final policies adopted under section 123 and the rationale for each such policy. SEC. 125. IMPLEMENTATION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a plan to Congress for the permanent implementation of the use of body-worn cameras by officers and agents of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (b) E
LEMENTS .—The plan required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a detailed description of the draft poli-cies developed under section 123; (2) an identification of— (A) the number of body-worn cameras to be purchased and deployed; (B) operational requirements for body- worn cameras, including systems and sup-port staff; (C) the locations where body-worn cameras will be used; (D) costs associated with the use of body- worn cameras; and (E) a description of the cost-benefit anal-ysis used to determine the number, place-ment, and location of body-worn cameras specified in the plan. 
SEC. 126. DEPLOYMENT. 
Not later than 6 months after the date on which the implementation plan is submitted under section 125, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure the agency-wide de-ployment of body-worn cameras for U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel at the Office of Field Operations, U.S. Border Pa-trol, and the Office of Air and Marine whose job duties involve or may reasonably be ex-pected to involve law-enforcement contacts with the public. Subtitle D—GAO Studies 
SEC. 131. GAO STUDY ON THE USE OF VISA FEES. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Appro-priations of the House of Representatives that— (1) describes the impact of authorizing— (A) surcharges on immigration-related fees, including visa application and border crossing fees, to be dedicated to border secu-rity; and (B) the use of currently collected fees for border security; and (2) addresses the potential impact on U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services oper-ations of imposing surcharges on immigra-tion-related fees, including the potential im-pact on processing times and backlogs. 
SEC. 132. GAO STUDY ON DEATHS IN CUSTODY. 
Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity and Governmental Affairs of the Sen-ate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives on the deaths of detainees who were in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security, including, with re-spect to such deaths— (1) whether any such deaths could have been prevented by the delivery of medical treatment administered while the detainee was in such custody; (2) whether the practices and procedures of the Department of Homeland Security were properly followed and obeyed; (3) whether such practices and procedures are sufficient to protect the health and safe-ty of such detainees; and (4) whether such deaths were reported through the Deaths in Custody Reporting Program. SEC. 133. GAO STUDIES ON MIGRANT DEATHS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives that includes— (1) the total number of migrant deaths along the international border between the United States and Mexico during the most recent 5-year period; (2) the total number of unidentified de-ceased migrants found along such border during such period; (3) the level of cooperation between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, local and State law enforcement, foreign diplomatic and consular posts, nongovernmental organi-zations, and family members to accurately identify deceased individuals; (4) the use of DNA testing and sharing of such data between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, State and local law enforcement, foreign diplomatic and consular posts, and nongovernmental organizations to accu-rately identify deceased individuals; (5) the comparison of DNA data with infor-mation on Federal, State, and local missing person registries; and (6) the procedures and processes used by U.S. Customs and Border Protection for noti-fying relevant authorities or family mem-bers after missing persons are identified through DNA testing. TITLE II—DREAM ACT AND PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE Subtitle A—Dream Act 
SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Dream Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 202. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, any term used in this sub-title that is used in the immigration laws shall have the meaning given the term in the immigration laws. (2) A
PPLICABLE FEDERAL TAX LIABILITY .— The term ‘‘applicable Federal tax liability’’ means liability for Federal taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in-cluding any penalties and interest on taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) DACA.—The term ‘‘DACA’’ means de-ferred action granted to an alien pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program announced by President Obama on June 15, 2012. (4) D
ISABILITY .—The term ‘‘disability’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(1) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102(1)). (5) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). (6) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL ; HIGH SCHOOL ; SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given the terms 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00048 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S977 February 14, 2018 
in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (7) F
ELONY .—The term ‘‘felony’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (ex-cluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigra-tion status) punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year. (8) I
MMIGRATION LAWS .—The term ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)). (9) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and (B) does not include an institution of high-er education outside of the United States. (10) M
ISDEMEANOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal of-fense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element is the alien’s im-migration status, a significant misdemeanor, and a minor traffic offense) for which— (i) the maximum term of imprisonment is greater than 5 days and not greater than 1 year; and (ii) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. (11) P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CON -
DITIONAL BASIS .—The term ‘‘permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis’’ means status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis under this subtitle. (12) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty line’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902). (13) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (14) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status) for which the maximum term of imprison-ment is greater than 5 days and not greater than 1 year that— (A) regardless of the sentence imposed, is a crime of domestic violence (as defined in sec-tion 237(a)(2)(E)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)(i)) or an offense of sexual abuse or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession or use of a firearm, drug distribution or trafficking, or driving under the influence if the State law requires, as an element of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alcohol content of .08 or higher; or (B) resulted in a sentence of time in cus-tody of more than 90 days, excluding an of-fense for which the sentence was suspended. (15) U
NIFORMED SERVICES .—The term ‘‘Uni-formed Services’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 203. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL BASIS FOR STATUS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, an alien who obtains the status of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence under this section shall be considered to have obtained that status on a conditional basis as of the date on which the alien ob-tained the status, subject to this subtitle. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who is inadmissible or deportable from the United States or is in temporary pro-tected status under section 244 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a), if— (A) the alien has been continuously phys-ically present in the United States since June 15, 2012; (B) the alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; (C) subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the alien— (i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); (ii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and (iii) has not been convicted of— (I) a felony; (II) a significant misdemeanor; or (III) 3 or more misdemeanors— (aa) not occurring on the same date; and (bb) not arising out of the same act, omis-sion, or scheme of misconduct; (D) the alien— (i) has been admitted to an institution of higher education; (ii) has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a pub-lic or private high school, or has obtained a general education development certificate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States; (iii) is enrolled in secondary school or in an education program assisting students in— (I) obtaining a regular high school diploma or the recognized equivalent of a regular high school diploma under State law; or (II) passing a general educational develop-ment exam, a high school equivalence di-ploma examination, or other similar State- authorized exam; or (iv)(I) has served, is serving, or has enlisted in the Armed Forces; and (II) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Armed Forces, has re-ceived an honorable discharge; and (E)(i) the alien has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the entire period for which the alien was a DACA recipient; or (ii) the alien has entered into an agree-ment to pay any applicable Federal tax li-ability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien was a DACA recipient through a payment installment plan approved by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue. (2) WAIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any ben-efit under this subtitle, the Secretary may, on a case-by-case basis, waive the grounds of inadmissibility under paragraph (2), (6)(E), (6)(G), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a))— (i) for humanitarian purposes; or (ii) if the waiver is otherwise in the public interest. (B) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that in-cludes, for the preceding quarter— (i) the number of requests submitted by aliens for a waiver under subparagraph (A); (ii) the number of waivers granted under that subparagraph; and (iii) the number of requests for a waiver under that subparagraph denied by the Sec-retary. (3) TREATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVICTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An expunged conviction shall not automatically be treated as a con-viction referred to in paragraph (1)(C)(iii). (B) C
ASE-BY-CASE EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary shall evaluate an expunged conviction on a case-by-case basis according to the na-ture and severity of the offense underlying the expunged conviction, based on the record of conviction, to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien is el-igible for cancellation of removal, adjust-ment to permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis, or other adjustment of status. (4) DACA 
RECIPIENTS .—With respect to an alien granted DACA, the Secretary shall can-cel the removal of the alien and adjust the status of the alien to the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence on a conditional basis unless, since the date on which the alien was granted DACA, the alien has engaged in conduct that would render an alien ineligible for DACA. (5) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) only if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, accu-mulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. (6) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not grant an alien permanent resident status on a conditional basis unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Sec-retary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any alien who is unable to provide the bi-ometric or biographic data referred to in subparagraph (A) due to a physical impair-ment. (7) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00049 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES978 February 14, 2018 
(ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for permanent resident status on a conditional basis. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary grants the alien per-manent resident status on a conditional basis. (C) C
RIMINAL RECORDS REQUESTS .—With re- spect to an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to obtain from INTERPOL, EUROPOL, or any other international or na-tional law enforcement agency of the coun-try of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien, information about any criminal activ-ity— (i) in which the alien engaged in the coun-try of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien; or (ii) for which the alien was convicted in the country of nationality, country of citi-zenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien. (8) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall undergo a medical examination. (B) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall prescribe policies and procedures for the na-ture and timing of the examination under subparagraph (A). (9) M
ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall establish that the alien has registered under the Military Se-lective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), if the alien is subject to registration under that Act. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PRES-
ENCE .— (1) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— Any period of continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis shall not terminate on the date on which the alien is served a notice to ap-pear under section 239(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229(a)). (2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN PRES -
ENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States under subsection (b)(1)(A) if the alien has de-parted from the United States for any period greater than 90 days or for any periods, in the aggregate, greater than 180 days. (B) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXTENUATING CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the time periods described in subparagraph (A) for an alien who demonstrates that the fail-ure to timely return to the United States was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the control of the alien, including the serious illness of the alien, or death or seri-ous illness of a parent, grandparent, sibling, or child of the alien. (C) T
RAVEL AUTHORIZED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .—Any period of travel outside of the United States by an alien that was author-ized by the Secretary may not be counted to-ward any period of departure from the United States under subparagraph (A). (d) L
IMITATION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General may not remove an alien who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section. (2) A
LIENS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL .—With re- spect to an alien who is in removal pro-ceedings, the subject of a final removal order, or the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, the Attorney General shall pro-vide the alien with a reasonable opportunity to apply for relief under this section. (3) C
ERTAIN ALIENS ENROLLED IN ELEMEN -
TARY OR SECONDARY SCHOOL .— (A) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall stay the removal proceedings of an alien who— (i) meets all the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (b)(1), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that subsection; (ii) is at least 5 years of age; and (iii) is enrolled in an elementary school, a secondary school, or an early childhood edu-cation program. (B) C
OMMENCEMENT OF REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary may not com-mence removal proceedings for an alien de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (C) E
MPLOYMENT .—An alien whose removal is stayed pursuant to subparagraph (A) or who may not be placed in removal pro-ceedings pursuant to subparagraph (B) shall, upon application to the Secretary, be grant-ed an employment authorization document. (D) L
IFT OF STAY .—The Secretary or Attor-ney General may not lift the stay granted to an alien under subparagraph (A) unless the alien ceases to meet the requirements under such subparagraph. (e) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law may be construed to apply a nu-merical limitation on the number of aliens who may be granted permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis. 
SEC. 204. TERMS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-TUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS. 
(a) P ERIOD OF STATUS .—Permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis is— (1) valid for a period of 8 years, unless that period is extended by the Secretary; and (2) subject to termination under subsection (c). (b) N
OTICE OF REQUIREMENTS .—At the time an alien obtains permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary shall provide notice to the alien regarding the pro-visions of this subtitle and the requirements to have the conditional basis of such status removed. (c) T
ERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary may terminate the permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis of an alien only if the Secretary— (1) determines that the alien ceases to meet the requirements under paragraph (1)(C) of section 203(b), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section; and (2) prior to the termination, provides the alien— (A) notice of the proposed termination; and (B) the opportunity for a hearing to pro-vide evidence that the alien meets such re-quirements or otherwise contest the termi-nation. (d) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA-
TUS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the immigration status of an alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis is denied shall return to the immigration status of the alien on the day before the date on which the alien received permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis or applied for such status, as appropriate. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR TEMPORARY PRO -
TECTED STATUS .—An alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis is denied and who had temporary pro-tected status under section 244 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) immediately before receiving or applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis, as appropriate, may not return to tem-porary protected status if— (A) the relevant designation under section 244(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)) has been terminated; or (B) the Secretary determines that the rea-son for terminating the permanent resident status on a conditional basis renders the alien ineligible for temporary protected sta-tus. (e) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR PUBLIC BENEFITS .—An alien who has been granted permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis shall not be eligible for any Federal means-tested pub-lic benefit (within the meaning of section 403 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Op-portunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613)) until the date on which the conditional permanent resident status of the alien is re-moved. 
SEC. 205. REMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY FOR REMOVAL OF CONDI-
TIONAL BASIS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall remove the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of an alien granted under this subtitle and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence if the alien— (A) is described in paragraph (1)(C) of sec-tion 203(b), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section; (B) has not abandoned the residence of the alien in the United States; (C)(i) has acquired a degree from an insti-tution of higher education or has completed at least 2 years, in good standing, in a pro-gram for a bachelor’s degree or higher degree in the United States; (ii)(I) has served in the Uniformed Services for at least 2 years; or (II) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Uniformed Services, has received an honorable discharge; or (iii) has been employed for periods totaling at least 3 years and at least 75 percent of the time that the alien has had a valid employ-ment authorization, except that any period during which the alien is not employed while having a valid employment authorization and is enrolled in an institution of higher education, a secondary school, or an edu-cation program described in section 203(b)(1)(D)(iii), shall not count toward the time requirements under this clause; and (D)(i) has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien was in perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis; or (ii) has entered into an agreement to pay the applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the entire period for which the alien was in permanent resident status on a conditional basis through a pay-ment installment plan approved by the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue. (2) H
ARDSHIP EXCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-move the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of an alien and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00050 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S979 February 14, 2018 
(i) satisfies the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); (ii) demonstrates compelling cir-cumstances for the inability to satisfy the requirements under subparagraph (C) of such paragraph; and (iii) demonstrates that— (I) the alien has a disability; (II) the alien is a full-time caregiver of a minor child; or (III) the removal of the alien from the United States would result in extreme hard-ship to the alien or the alien’s spouse, par-ent, or child who is a national of the United States or is lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (3) C
ITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the conditional basis of the permanent resident status granted to an alien under this subtitle may not be removed unless the alien demonstrates that the alien satisfies the requirements under section 312(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)). (B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who is unable to meet the requirements under section 312(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)) due to disability. (4) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for lawful permanent resident status under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) only if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, the alien accumulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. (5) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not remove the conditional basis of the perma-nent resident status of an alien unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any applicant who is unable to provide the biometric or biographic data referred to in subparagraph (A) due to physical impair-ment. (6) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for removal of the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for re-moval of the conditional basis if the perma-nent resident status of the alien. (B) COMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary removes the condi-tional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien. (b) N
ATURALIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of title III of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), an alien granted perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis shall be considered to have been admitted to the United States, and to be present in the United States, as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (2) L
IMITATIONS ON APPLICATION FOR NATU -
RALIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may not be nat-uralized— (i) on any date on which the alien is in per-manent resident status on a conditional basis; or (ii) before the date that is 12 years after the date on which the alien was granted per-manent resident status on a conditional basis. (B) R
EDUCTION IN PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 12-year period referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be reduced by the number of days that the alien was a DACA recipient. (ii) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding clause (i), the 12-year period may not be reduced by more than 2 years. (C) A
DVANCED FILING DATE .—With respect to an alien granted permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis, the alien may file an application for naturalization not more than 90 days before the date on which the ap-plicant meets the requirements for natu-ralization under subparagraph (A). 
SEC. 206. DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) D OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— An alien’s application for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis may in-clude, as proof of identity— (1) a passport or national identity docu-ment from the alien’s country of origin that includes the alien’s name and the alien’s photograph or fingerprint; (2) the alien’s birth certificate and an iden-tity card that includes the alien’s name and photograph; (3) a school identification card that in-cludes the alien’s name and photograph, and school records showing the alien’s name and that the alien is or was enrolled at the school; (4) a Uniformed Services identification card issued by the Department of Defense; (5) any immigration or other document issued by the United States Government bearing the alien’s name and photograph; or (6) a State-issued identification card bear-ing the alien’s name and photograph. (b) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING CONTINUOUS  P
HYSICAL PRESENCE IN THE UNITED STATES .— To establish that an alien has been continu-ously physically present in the United States, as required under section 203(b)(1)(A), or to establish that an alien has not aban-doned residence in the United States, as re-quired under section 205(a)(1)(B), the alien may submit documents to the Secretary, in-cluding— (1) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) records of service from the Uniformed Services; (4) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (5) passport entries; (6) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; (7) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (8) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (9) tax receipts; (10) insurance policies; (11) remittance records; (12) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (13) copies of money order receipts for money sent in or out of the United States; (14) dated bank transactions; or (15) 2 or more sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien who have direct knowledge of the alien’s contin-uous physical presence in the United States, that contain— (A) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (B) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (c) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING INITIAL  E
NTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES .—To estab- lish under section 203(b)(1)(B) that an alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States, an alien may submit docu-ments to the Secretary, including— (1) an admission stamp on the alien’s pass-port; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) any document from the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Se-curity stating the alien’s date of entry into the United States; (4) hospital or medical records showing medical treatment or hospitalization, the name of the medical facility or physician, and the date of the treatment or hospitaliza-tion; (5) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an immediate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (6) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (7) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (8) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; (9) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (10) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (11) tax receipts; (12) travel records; (13) copies of money order receipts sent in or out of the country; (14) dated bank transactions; (15) remittance records; or (16) insurance policies. (d) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ADMISSION TO  
ANINSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—To establish that an alien has been admitted to an institution of higher education, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a document from the institution of higher education cer-tifying that the alien— (1) has been admitted to the institution; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00051 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES980 February 14, 2018 
(2) is currently enrolled in the institution as a student. (e) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF A  D
EGREE FROM AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER  E
DUCATION .—To establish that an alien has acquired a degree from an institution of higher education in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a di-ploma or other document from the institu-tion stating that the alien has received such a degree. (f) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF  H
IGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA , G ENERAL EDU-
CATIONAL DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE , OR A  R
ECOGNIZED EQUIVALENT .—To establish that an alien has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a public or private high school, or has obtained a general educational development certifi-cate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Sec-retary— (1) a high school diploma, certificate of completion, or other alternate award; (2) a high school equivalency diploma or certificate recognized under State law; or (3) evidence that the alien passed a State- authorized exam, including the general edu-cational development exam, in the United States. (g) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ENROLLMENT  
IN AN EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM .—To establish that an alien is enrolled in any school or education program described in section 203(b)(1)(D)(iii), 203(d)(3)(A)(iii), or 205(a)(1)(C)(i), the alien shall submit school records from the United States school that the alien is currently attending that in-clude— (1) the name of the school; and (2) the alien’s name, periods of attendance, and current grade or educational level. (h) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EXEMPTION  F
ROM APPLICATION FEES.—To establish that an alien is exempt from an application fee under section 203(b)(5)(B) or 205(a)(4)(B), the alien shall submit to the Secretary the fol-lowing relevant documents: (1) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH AGE .—To es- tablish that an alien meets an age require-ment, the alien shall provide proof of iden-tity, as described in subsection (a), that es-tablishes that the alien is younger than 18 years of age. (2) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH INCOME .—To establish the alien’s income, the alien shall provide— (A) employment records that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency; (B) bank records; or (C) at least 2 sworn affidavits from individ-uals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the alien’s work and income that contain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (3) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH FOSTER CARE , 
LACK OF FAMILIAL SUPPORT , HOMELESSNESS , 
OR SERIOUS , CHRONIC DISABILITY .—To estab-lish that the alien was in foster care, lacks parental or familial support, is homeless, or has a serious, chronic disability, the alien shall provide at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that contain— (A) a statement that the alien is in foster care, otherwise lacks any parental or other familiar support, is homeless, or has a seri-ous, chronic disability, as appropriate; (B) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (C) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (4) DOCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH UNPAID MED -
ICAL EXPENSE .—To establish that the alien has debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses, the alien shall provide receipts or other documentation from a medical pro-vider that— (A) bear the provider’s name and address; (B) bear the name of the individual receiv-ing treatment; and (C) document that the alien has accumu-lated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an imme-diate family member of the alien. (i) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING QUALIFICATION  
FORHARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—To establish that an alien satisfies 1 of the criteria for the hardship exemption described in section 205(a)(2)(A)(iii), the alien shall submit to the Secretary at least 2 sworn affidavits from in-dividuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that warrant the exemption, that contain— (1) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (2) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (j) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING SERVICE IN  
THEUNIFORMED SERVICES .—To establish that an alien has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years and, if discharged, re-ceived an honorable discharge, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— (1) a Department of Defense form DD-214; (2) a National Guard Report of Separation and Record of Service form 22; (3) personnel records for such service from the appropriate Uniformed Service; or (4) health records from the appropriate Uniformed Service. (k) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EMPLOY -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may satisfy the employment requirement under section 205(a)(1)(C)(iii) by submitting records that— (A) establish compliance with such em-ployment requirement; and (B) have been maintained by the Social Se-curity Administration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency. (2) O
THER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is un-able to submit the records described in para-graph (1) may satisfy the employment re-quirement by submitting at least 2 types of reliable documents that provide evidence of employment, including— (A) bank records; (B) business records; (C) employer records; (D) records of a labor union, day labor cen-ter, or organization that assists workers in employment; (E) sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have di-rect knowledge of the alien’s work, that con-tain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien; and (F) remittance records. (l) A
UTHORITY TO PROHIBIT USE OF CERTAIN  D
OCUMENTS .—If the Secretary determines, after publication in the Federal Register and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents does not re-liably establish identity or that permanent resident status on a conditional basis is being obtained fraudulently to an unaccept-able degree, the Secretary may prohibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents. 
SEC. 207. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NITIAL PUBLICATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register regulations implementing this sub-title. (2) A
FFIRMATIVE APPLICATION .—The regula-tions published under paragraph (1) shall allow any eligible individual to immediately apply affirmatively for the relief available under section 203 without being placed in re-moval proceedings. (b) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations published pursuant to subsection (a)(1) shall be effective, on an in-terim basis, immediately on publication in the Federal Register, but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. (c) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which interim regula-tions are published under this section, the Secretary shall publish final regulations im-plementing this subtitle. (d) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—The re- quirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) shall not apply to any action to implement this sub-title. 
SEC. 208. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not disclose or use for the purpose of immigra-tion enforcement any information provided in— (1) an application filed under this subtitle; or (2) a request for DACA. (b) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not refer to U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or any designee of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection any individual who— (1) has been granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or (2) was granted DACA. (c) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), information provided in an application for permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis or a request for DACA may be shared with a Federal security or law enforcement agency— (1) for assistance in the consideration of an application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis; (2) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; (3) for national security purposes; or (4) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this section shall be fined not more than $10,000. 
SEC. 209. RESTORATION OF STATE OPTION TO DETERMINE RESIDENCY FOR PUR-POSES OF HIGHER EDUCATION BEN-EFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 505 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1623) is repealed. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The repeal under subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the original enactment of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–546). 
SA 1959. Mr. GRASSLEY (for him-self, Mrs. E
RNST , Mr. T ILLIS , Mr. L
ANKFORD , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. P ERDUE , Mr. C
ORNYN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. I
SAKSON ) proposed an amendment to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00052 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.020 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S981 February 14, 2018 
premium tax credit with respect to un-subsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLES; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLES .—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SECURE and SUCCEED Act’’. (b) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of con-tents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short titles; table of contents. TITLE I—BUILDING AMERICA’S TRUST ACT Sec. 1001. Short title. Subtitle A—Border Security Sec. 1101. Definitions. C
HAPTER 1—INFRASTRUCTURE AND EQUIPMENT  Sec. 1111. Strengthening the requirements for barriers along the southern border. Sec. 1112. Air and Marine Operations flight hours. Sec. 1113. Capability deployment to specific sectors and transit zone. Sec. 1114. U.S. Border Patrol activities. Sec. 1115. National Guard support to secure the southern border. Sec. 1116. Operation Phalanx. Sec. 1117. Merida Initiative. Sec. 1118. Prohibitions on actions that im-pede border security on certain Federal land. Sec. 1119. Landowner and rancher security enhancement. Sec. 1120. Limitation on land owner’s liabil-ity. Sec. 1121. Eradication of carrizo cane and salt cedar. Sec. 1122. Prevention, detection, control, and eradication of diseases and pests. Sec. 1123. Transnational criminal organiza-tion illicit spotter prevention and detection. Sec. 1124. Southern border threat analysis. Sec. 1125. Amendments to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Sec. 1126. Agent and officer technology use. Sec. 1127. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams. Sec. 1128. Land use or acquisition. Sec. 1129. Tunnel Task Forces. Sec. 1130. Pilot program on use of electro-magnetic spectrum in support of border security operations. Sec. 1131. Foreign migration assistance. C
HAPTER 2—P ERSONNEL  Sec. 1141. Additional U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection agents and offi-cers. Sec. 1142. Fair labor standards for border pa-trol agents. Sec. 1143. U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion retention incentives. Sec. 1144. Rate of pay for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement offi-cers and agents. Sec. 1145. Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act. Sec. 1146. Training for officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. Sec. 1147. Additional U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement per-sonnel. Sec. 1148. Other immigration and law en-forcement personnel. Sec. 1149. Judicial resources for border secu-rity. Sec. 1150. Reimbursement to State and local prosecutors for federally initi-ated, immigration-related criminal cases. C
HAPTER 3—G RANTS  Sec. 1151. State Criminal Alien Assistance Program. Sec. 1152. Southern border security assist-ance grants. Sec. 1153. Operation Stonegarden. Sec. 1154. Grants for identification of vic-tims of cross-border human smuggling. Sec. 1155. Grant accountability. Subtitle B—Emergency Port of Entry Personnel and Infrastructure Funding Sec. 1201. Definitions. Sec. 1202. Ports of entry infrastructure. Sec. 1203. Secure communications. Sec. 1204. Border security deployment pro-gram. Sec. 1205. Pilot and upgrade of license plate readers at ports of entry. Sec. 1206. Biometric technology. Sec. 1207. Nonintrusive inspection oper-ational demonstration project. Sec. 1208. Biometric exit data system. Sec. 1209. Sense of Congress on cooperation between agencies. Subtitle C—Border Security Enforcement Fund Sec. 1301. Border Security Enforcement Fund. Subtitle D—Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act Sec. 1401. Short titles. Sec. 1402. Establishment of Schedule A. Sec. 1403. Temporary and permanent sched-uling of schedule A substances. Sec. 1404. Penalties. Sec. 1405. False labeling of schedule A con-trolled substances. Sec. 1406. Registration requirements for handlers of schedule A sub-stances. Sec. 1407. Additional conforming amend-ments. Sec. 1408. Clarification of the definition of controlled substance analogue under the Analogue Enforce-ment Act. Sec. 1409. Rules of construction. Subtitle E—Domestic Security CHAPTER 1—G ENERAL MATTERS  Sec. 1501. Keep Our Communities Safe Act. Sec. 1502. Deterring visa overstays. Sec. 1503. Increase in immigration detention capacity. Sec. 1504. Collection of DNA from criminal and detained aliens. Sec. 1505. Collection, use, and storage of bio-metric data. Sec. 1506. Pilot program for electronic field processing. Sec. 1507. Ending abuse of parole authority. Sec. 1508. Reports to Congress on parole. Sec. 1509. Reinstatement of the Secure Com-munities Program. Sec. 1510. Ensuring that local and Federal law enforcement officers may cooperate to safeguard our communities. C
HAPTER 2—P ROTECTION AND DUEPROCESS  
FORUNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN  Sec. 1520. Short title. Sec. 1521. Repatriation of unaccompanied alien children. Sec. 1522. Child welfare and law enforcement information sharing. Sec. 1523. Accountability for children and taxpayers. Sec. 1524. Custody of unaccompanied alien children in formal removal pro-ceeding. Sec. 1525. Fraud in connection with the transfer of custody of unaccom-panied alien children. Sec. 1526. Notification of States and foreign governments, reporting, and monitoring. Sec. 1527. Reports to Congress. CHAPTER 3—C OOPERATION WITHMEXICO AND  O
THER COUNTRIES ON ASYLUM AND REFUGEE  I
SSUES  Sec. 1541. Strengthening internal asylum systems in Mexico and other countries. Sec. 1542. Expanding refugee processing in Mexico and Central America for third country resettlement. Subtitle F—Penalties for Smuggling, Drug Trafficking, Human Trafficking, Ter-rorism, and Illegal Entry and Reentry; Bars to Readmission of Removed Aliens Sec. 1601. Dangerous human smuggling, human trafficking, and human rights violations. Sec. 1602. Putting the Brakes on Human Smuggling Act. Sec. 1603. Drug trafficking and crimes of vio-lence committed by illegal aliens. Sec. 1604. Establishing inadmissibility and deportability. Sec. 1605. Penalties for illegal entry; en-hanced penalties for entering with intent to aid, abet, or commit terrorism. Sec. 1606. Penalties for reentry of removed aliens. Sec. 1607. Laundering of monetary instru-ments. Sec. 1608. Freezing bank accounts of inter-national criminal organizations and money launderers. Sec. 1609. Criminal proceeds laundered through prepaid access devices, digital currencies, or other similar instruments. Sec. 1610. Closing the loophole on drug car-tel associates engaged in money laundering. Subtitle G—Protecting National Security and Public Safety C
HAPTER 1—G ENERAL MATTERS  Sec. 1701. Definitions of terrorist activity, engage in terrorist activity, and terrorist organization. Sec. 1702. Terrorist and security-related grounds of inadmissibility. Sec. 1703. Expedited removal for aliens inad-missible on criminal or security grounds. Sec. 1704. Detention of removable aliens. Sec. 1705. GAO study on deaths in custody. Sec. 1706. GAO study on migrant deaths. Sec. 1707. Statute of limitations for visa, naturalization, and other fraud offenses involving war crimes, crimes against humanity, or human rights violations. Sec. 1708. Criminal detention of aliens to protect public safety. Sec. 1709. Recruitment of persons to partici-pate in terrorism. Sec. 1710. Barring and removing persecutors, war criminals, and participants in crimes against humanity from the United States. Sec. 1711. Child soldier recruitment ineligi-bility technical correction. Sec. 1712. Gang membership, removal, and increased criminal penalties re-lated to gang violence. Sec. 1713. Barring aggravated felons, border checkpoint runners, and sex of-fenders from admission to the United States. Sec. 1714. Protecting immigrants from con-victed sex offenders. Sec. 1715. Enhanced criminal penalties for high speed flight. Sec. 1716. Prohibition on asylum and can-cellation of removal for terror-ists. Sec. 1717. Aggravated felonies. Sec. 1718. Failure to obey removal orders. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00053 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES982 February 14, 2018 
Sec. 1719. Sanctions for countries that delay or prevent repatriation of their nationals. Sec. 1720. Enhanced penalties for construc-tion and use of border tunnels. Sec. 1721. Enhanced penalties for fraud and misuse of visas, permits, and other documents. Sec. 1722. Expansion of criminal alien repa-triation programs. Sec. 1723. Prohibition on flight training and nuclear studies for nationals of high-risk countries. C
HAPTER 2—S TRONG VISAINTEGRITY SECURES  A
MERICA ACT Sec. 1731. Short title. Sec. 1732. Visa security. Sec. 1733. Electronic passport screening and biometric matching. Sec. 1734. Reporting visa overstays. Sec. 1735. Student and exchange visitor in-formation system verification. Sec. 1736. Social media review of visa appli-cants. C
HAPTER 3—V ISACANCELLATION AND  R
EVOCATION  Sec. 1741. Cancellation of additional visas. Sec. 1742. Visa information sharing. Sec. 1743. Visa interviews. Sec. 1744. Visa revocation and limits on judi-cial review. C
HAPTER 4—S ECURE VISAS ACT Sec. 1751. Short title. Sec. 1752. Authority of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State. C
HAPTER 5—V ISAFRAUD AND SECURITY  I
MPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Sec. 1761. Short title. Sec. 1762. Expanded usage of fraud preven-tion and detection fees. Sec. 1763. Inadmissibility of spouses and sons and daughters of traf-fickers. Sec. 1764. DNA testing and criminal history. Sec. 1765. Access to NCIC criminal history database for diplomatic visas. Sec. 1766. Elimination of signed photograph requirement for visa applica-tions. C
HAPTER 6—O THER MATTERS  Sec. 1771. Requirement for completion of background checks. Sec. 1772. Withholding of adjudication. Sec. 1773. Access to the National Crime In-formation Center Interstate Identification Index. Sec. 1774. Appropriate remedies for immi-gration litigation. Sec. 1775. Use of 1986 IRCA legalization in-formation for national security purposes. Sec. 1776. Uniform statute of limitations for certain immigration, natu-ralization, and peonage of-fenses. Sec. 1777. Conforming amendment to the definition of racketeering ac-tivity. Sec. 1778. Validity of electronic signatures. Subtitle H—Prohibition on Terrorists Ob-taining Lawful Status in the United States C
HAPTER 1—P ROHIBITION ON ADJUSTMENT TO  L
AWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS  Sec. 1801. Lawful permanent residents as ap-plicants for admission. Sec. 1802. Date of admission for purposes of adjustment of status. Sec. 1803. Precluding asylee and refugee ad-justment of status for certain grounds of inadmissibility and deportability. Sec. 1804. Revocation of lawful permanent resident status for human rights violators. Sec. 1805. Removal of condition on lawful permanent resident status prior to naturalization. Sec. 1806. Prohibition on terrorists and aliens who pose a threat to na-tional security or public safety from receiving an adjustment of status. Sec. 1807. Treatment of applications for ad-justment of status during pend-ing denaturalization pro-ceedings. Sec. 1808. Extension of time limit to permit rescission of permanent resi-dent status. Sec. 1809. Barring persecutors and terrorists from registry. CHAPTER 2—P ROHIBITION ON NATURALIZATION  
ANDUNITED STATES CITIZENSHIP  Sec. 1821. Barring terrorists from becoming naturalized United States citi-zens. Sec. 1822. Terrorist bar to good moral char-acter. Sec. 1823. Prohibition on judicial review of naturalization applications for aliens in removal proceedings. Sec. 1824. Limitation on judicial review when agency has not made deci-sion on naturalization applica-tion and on denials. Sec. 1825. Clarification of denaturalization authority. Sec. 1826. Denaturalization of terrorists. Sec. 1827. Treatment of pending applications during denaturalization pro-ceedings. Sec. 1828. Naturalization document reten-tion. C
HAPTER 3—F ORFEITURE OF PROCEEDS FROM P
ASSPORT AND VISAOFFENSES , AND PASS-
PORT REVOCATION . Sec. 1831. Forfeiture of proceeds from pass-port and visa offenses. Sec. 1832. Passport Revocation Act. TITLE II—PERMANENT REAUTHORIZA-TION OF VOLUNTARY E–VERIFY Sec. 2001. Permanent reauthorization. Sec. 2002. Preemption; liability. Sec. 2003. Information sharing. Sec. 2004. Small Business Demonstration Program. Sec. 2005. Fraud prevention. Sec. 2006. Identity authentication employ-ment eligibility verification pilot programs. TITLE III—SUCCEED ACT Sec. 3001. Short titles. Sec. 3002. Definitions. Sec. 3003. Cancellation of removal of certain long-term residents who en-tered the United States as chil-dren. Sec. 3004. Conditional temporary resident status. Sec. 3005. Removal of conditional basis for temporary residence. Sec. 3006. Benefits for relatives of aliens granted conditional temporary resident status. Sec. 3007. Exclusive jurisdiction. Sec. 3008. Confidentiality of information. Sec. 3009. Restriction on welfare benefits for conditional temporary resi-dents. Sec. 3010. GAO report. Sec. 3011. Military enlistment. Sec. 3012. Eligibility for naturalization. Sec. 3013. Funding. TITLE IV—ENSURING FAMILY REUNIFICATION Sec. 4001. Short title. Sec. 4002. Family-Sponsored immigration priorities. Sec. 4003. Elimination of Diversity Visa Pro-gram. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS Sec. 5001. Other Immigration and Nation-ality Act amendments. Sec. 5002. Exemption from the Administra-tive Procedure Act. Sec. 5003. Exemption from the Paperwork Reduction Act. Sec. 5004. Exemption from government con-tracting and hiring rules. Sec. 5005. Ability to fill and retain Depart-ment of Homeland Security po-sitions in United States terri-tories. Sec. 5006. Severability. Sec. 5007. Funding. TITLE VI—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS Sec. 6001. References to the Immigration and Nationality Act. Sec. 6002. Technical amendments to title I of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. Sec. 6003. Technical amendments to title II of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. Sec. 6004. Technical amendments to title III of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. Sec. 6005. Technical amendment to title IV of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. Sec. 6006. Technical amendments to title V of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act. Sec. 6007. Other amendments. Sec. 6008. Repeals; rule of construction. Sec. 6009. Miscellaneous technical correc-tion. TITLE I—BUILDING AMERICA’S TRUST ACT SEC. 1001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Building America’s Trust Act’’. Subtitle A—Border Security 
SEC. 1101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DVANCED UNATTENDED SURVEILLANCE  
SENSORS .—The term ‘‘advanced unattended surveillance sensors’’ means sensors that utilize an onboard computer to analyze de-tections in an effort to discern between vehi-cles, humans, and animals, and ultimately filter false positives before transmission. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(2) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(2)). (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (4) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘‘high traffic areas’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102(e)(1) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996, as added by section 1111. (5) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘‘operational control’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (7) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1092(a)(7) of the Na-tional Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7); Public Law 114– 328). (8) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘small unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small un-manned aircraft’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00054 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S983 February 14, 2018 
(9) T RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit zone’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 1092(a)(8) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7); Public Law 114–328). (10) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial system’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (11) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). CHAPTER 1—INFRASTRUCTURE AND EQUIPMENT 
SEC. 1111. STRENGTHENING THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BARRIERS ALONG THE SOUTH-ERN BORDER. 
Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1103 note) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall take such actions as may be necessary (including the removal of obsta-cles to detection of illegal entrants) to con-struct, install, deploy, operate, and perma-nently maintain physical barriers, tactical infrastructure and technology in the vicinity of the United States border to achieve situa-tional awareness and operational control of the border and deter, impede, and detect ille-gal activity in high traffic areas.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ENCING AND ROADIMPROVEMENTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘P
HYSICAL BARRIERS ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘this section’’; (II) by striking ‘‘roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors’’ and inserting ‘‘tactical infra-structure, and technology’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘gain’’ and inserting ‘‘achieve situational awareness and’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS AND TACTICAL IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective physical bar-riers and tactical infrastructure available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION FOR CERTAIN PHYSICAL  
BARRIERS AND TACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— The deployment of physical barriers and tac-tical infrastructure under this subparagraph shall not apply in any area or region along the border where natural terrain features, natural barriers, or the remoteness of such area or region would make any such deploy-ment ineffective, as determined by the Sec-retary, for the purposes of gaining situa-tional awareness or operational control of such area or region.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, before constructing physical barriers in a specific area or region, consult with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, appropriate representatives of Federal, State, local, and tribal govern-ments, and appropriate private property owners in the United States to minimize the impact on the environment, culture, com-merce, and quality of life for the commu-nities and residents located near the sites at which such physical barriers are to be con-structed.’’; (II) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (III) by inserting after clause (i), as amend-ed, the following: ‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the consultation required under clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate of the type of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology the Secretary has determined is most practical and effective to achieve sit-uational awareness and operational control in a specific area and the other alternatives the Secretary considered before making such a determination.’’; and (IV) in clause (iii), as redesignated— (aa) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (bb) by amending subclause (II) to read as follows: ‘‘(II) delay the transfer of the possession of property to the United States or affect the validity of any property acquisition by pur-chase or eminent domain, or to otherwise af-fect the eminent domain laws of the United States or of any state; or’’; and (cc) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) create any right or liability for any party.’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (D); (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘this section’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘construction of fences’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of physical barriers’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) A
GENT SAFETY .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, when designing, constructing, and deploying physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology, shall incorporate such safety features into the design, construction, or de-ployment of such physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology, as the case may be, that the Secretary determines, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, are necessary to maximize the safety and effectiveness of officers or agents of the Department of Homeland Security or of any other Federal agency deployed in the vicinity of such phys-ical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or tech-nology.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending para-graph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall have the authority to waive all legal requirements that the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines necessary to ensure the expeditious design, testing, construction, installation, deployment, operation, and maintenance of the physical barriers, tactical infrastructure and technology under this section. Any such decision by the Secretary shall be effective upon publication in the Federal Register.’’; and (4) by adding after subsection (d) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) T
ECHNOLOGY .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy, operate, and permanently maintain along the United States border the most practical and effective technology available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(f) LIMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as re-quiring the Secretary to install tactical in-frastructure, technology, and physical bar-riers in a particular location along an inter-national border of the United States if the Secretary determines that the use or place-ment of such resources is not the most ap-propriate means to achieve and maintain sit-uational awareness and operational control over the international border at such loca-tion. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘high traffic areas’ means areas in the vicinity of the United States border that— ‘‘(A) are within the responsibility of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) have significant unlawful cross-border activity, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘operational control’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). ‘‘(3) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS .—The term ‘phys-ical barriers’ includes reinforced fencing, a border wall system, and levee walls. ‘‘(4) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS DEFINED .— The term ‘situational awareness’ has the meaning given the term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7); Public Law 114–328). ‘‘(5) T
ACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘tactical infrastructure’ includes boat ramps, access gates, checkpoints, lighting, and roads. ‘‘(6) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ means border surveillance and detection technology, including— ‘‘(A) tower-based surveillance technology; ‘‘(B) deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment; ‘‘(C) Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radars (VADER); ‘‘(D) 3-dimensional, seismic acoustic detec-tion and ranging border tunneling detection technology; ‘‘(E) advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors; ‘‘(F) mobile vehicle-mounted and man- portable surveillance capabilities; ‘‘(G) unmanned aerial vehicles; and ‘‘(H) other border detection, communica-tion, and surveillance technology. ‘‘(7) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .—The term ‘unmanned aerial vehicle’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 1112. AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS FLIGHT HOURS. 
(a) I NCREASED FLIGHT HOURS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that not fewer than 95,000 annual flight hours are carried out by Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The Sec- retary, after coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, shall ensure that Air and Marine Oper-ations operate unmanned aerial systems on the southern border of the United States for not fewer than 24 hours per day for 5 days per week. (c) C
ONTRACT AIRSUPPORT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—The Commissioner shall contract for the unfulfilled identified air support mission critical hours, as identified by the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol. (d) P
RIMARY MISSION .—The Commissioner shall ensure that— (1) the primary missions for Air and Ma-rine Operations are to directly support U.S. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00055 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES984 February 14, 2018 
Border Patrol activities along the southern border of the United States and Joint Inter-agency Task Force South operations in the transit zone; and (2) the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Air and Marine Operations assigns the greatest priority to support missions estab-lished by the Commissioner to carry out the requirements under this Act. (e) H
IGH-DEMAND FLIGHT HOUR REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In accordance with subsection (d), the Commissioner shall ensure that U.S. Border Patrol Sector Chiefs— (1) identify critical flight hour require-ments; and (2) direct Air and Marine Operations to support requests from Sector Chiefs as their primary mission. (f) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of the U.S. Bor-der Patrol shall be the executive agent for U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of small, unmanned aerial vehicles for the pur-pose of meeting the U.S. Border Patrol’s unmet flight hour operational requirements and to achieve situational awareness and operational control. (2) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall— (A) coordinate flight operations with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to ensure the safe and efficient operation of the National Airspace System; and (B) coordinate with the Executive Assist-ant Commissioner for Air and Marine Oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure the safety of other aircraft flying in the vicinity of small, unmanned aerial vehicles operated by the U.S. Border Patrol. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 411(e)(3) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(e)(3)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) carry out the small unmanned aerial vehicle requirements pursuant to section 1112(f) of the Building America’s Trust Act; and’’. (g) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to confer, transfer, or delegate to the Secretary, the Commis-sioner, the Executive Assistant Commis-sioner for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol any authority of the Secretary of Transportation or the Ad-ministrator of the Federal Aviation Admin-istration relating to the use of airspace or aviation safety. 
SEC. 1113. CAPABILITY DEPLOYMENT TO SPE-CIFIC SECTORS AND TRANSIT ZONE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary, in implementing sec-tion 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, as amended by section 1111, and acting through the appropriate component of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, shall deploy to each sector or region of the southern border and the northern border, in a prioritized manner to achieve situational awareness and operational control of such borders, the fol-lowing additional capabilities: (1) S
AN DIEGO SECTOR .—For the San Diego sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Subterranean surveillance and detec-tion technologies. (C) To increase coastal maritime domain awareness, the following: (i) Deployable, lighter-than-air surface sur-veillance equipment. (ii) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (iii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection maritime patrol aircraft. (iv) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (v) Maritime signals intelligence capabili-ties. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (2) EL CENTRO SECTOR .—For the El Centro sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (3) Y
UMA SECTOR .—For the Yuma sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (4) T
UCSON SECTOR .—For the Tucson sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (C) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (5) E
L PASO SECTOR .—For the El Paso sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (6) BIG BEND SECTOR .—For the Big Bend sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (7) D
EL RIO SECTOR .—For the Del Rio sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Improved maritime capabilities in the Amistad National Recreation Area. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (8) L
AREDO SECTOR .—For the Laredo sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Maritime detection resources for the Falcon Lake region. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (F) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (9) R
IO GRANDE VALLEY SECTOR .—For the Rio Grande Valley sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, footpaths. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (I) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (J) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (K) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (10) B
LAINE SECTOR .—For the Blaine sector, the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00056 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S985 February 14, 2018 
(A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (11) S
POKANE SECTOR .—For the Spokane sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (C) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (F) Completion of six miles of the Bog Creek road. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (12) H
AVRE SECTOR .—For the Havre sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (13) G
RAND FORKS SECTOR .—For the Grand Forks sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (14) D
ETROIT SECTOR .—For the Detroit sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (15) B
UFFALO SECTOR .—For the Buffalo sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (16) SWANTON SECTOR .—For the Swanton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (17) H
OULTON SECTOR .—For the Houlton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (18) T
RANSIT ZONE .—For the transit zone, the following: (A) Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, an increase in the number of overall cutter, boat, and aircraft hours spent conducting interdiction oper-ations over the average number of such hours during the preceding 3 fiscal years. (B) Increased maritime signals intelligence capabilities. (C) To increase maritime domain aware-ness— (i) unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability; and (ii) increased maritime aviation patrol hours. (D) Increased operational hours for mari-time security components dedicated to joint counter-smuggling and interdiction efforts with other Federal agencies, including the Deployable Specialized Forces of the Coast Guard. (E) Coastal radar surveillance systems with long range day and night cameras capa-ble of providing full maritime domain aware-ness of the United States territorial waters surrounding Puerto Rico, Mona Island, Desecheo Island, Vieques Island, Culebra Is-land, Saint Thomas, Saint John, and Saint Croix. (b) R
EIMBURSEMENT RELATED TO THE LOWER  R
IO GRANDE VALLEY FLOOD CONTROL  P
ROJECT .—The International Boundary and Water Commission is authorized to reim-burse State and local governments for any expenses incurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act by such governments in designing, constructing, and rehabilitating the Lower Rio Grande Valley Flood Control Project of the Commission. (c) T
ACTICAL FLEXIBILITY .— (1) S
OUTHERN AND NORTHERN LAND BOR -
DERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on September 30, 2021, or after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of the capabilities re-quired in each sector specified in subsection (a), whichever comes later, the Secretary may deviate from such capability deploy-ments if the Secretary determines that such deviation is required to achieve situational awareness or operational control. (B) NOTIFICATION .—If the Secretary exer-cises the authority described in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after such exercise, notify the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives regarding the deviation under such subparagraph that is the subject of such exercise. If the Secretary makes any changes to such deviation, the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after any such change, notify such committees regarding such change. (2) T
RANSIT ZONE .— (A) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the capa-bility deployments for the transit zone speci-fied in paragraph (18) of subsection (a), in-cluding information relating to— (i) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed; and (ii) the impact such deployments have on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (B) A
LTERATION .—The Secretary may alter the capability deployments referred to in this section if the Secretary— (i) determines, after consultation with the committees referred to in subparagraph (A), that such alteration is necessary; and (ii) not later than 30 days after making a determination under clause (i), notifies the committees referred to in such subparagraph regarding such alteration, including infor-mation relating to— (I) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed pursuant to such alteration; and (II) the impact such alteration has on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (d) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), the Secretary may deploy the ca-pabilities referred to in subsection (a) in a manner that is inconsistent with the re-quirements specified in such subsection if, after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of such capabilities, the Secretary determines that exigent circumstances de-mand such an inconsistent deployment or that such an inconsistent deployment is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, , not later than 30 days after making a determination under paragraph (1). Such notification shall in-clude a detailed justification for such deter-mination. 
SEC. 1114. U.S. BORDER PATROL ACTIVITIES. 
The Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall prioritize the deployment of U.S. Border Pa-trol agents to as close to the physical land border as possible, consistent with border se-curity enforcement priorities and accessi-bility to such areas. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00057 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES986 February 14, 2018 
(a) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 434. Border security technology pro-gram management.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 434 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). Such section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized for such pur-poses. 
SEC. 1115. NATIONAL GUARD SUPPORT TO SE-CURE THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quest that the Secretary of Defense support, pursuant to chapter 15 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary’s efforts to secure the southern border of the United States. The Secretary of Defense may authorize the provision of such support under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, including pur-suant to chapter 9 of such title 32. (b) T
YPE OF SUPPORT AUTHORIZED .—The support provided in accordance with sub-section (a) may include— (1) construction of reinforced fencing or other physical barriers; (2) operation of ground-based surveillance systems; (3) deployment of manned aircraft, un-manned aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to sup-port continuous surveillance of the southern border; and (4) intelligence analysis support. (c) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense may deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistical support as may be necessary to ensure the effective-ness of the assistance provided under sub-section (a). (d) R
EADINESS .—To ensure that the use of units and personnel of the National Guard of a State authorized pursuant to this section does not degrade the training and readiness of such units and personnel, in determining the homeland defense activities that such units and personnel may perform, the fol-lowing requirements shall apply: (1) The performance of such activities shall not affect adversely the quality of such training or readiness or otherwise interfere with the ability of a unit or personnel of the National Guard of a State to perform the military functions of such member or unit. (2) The performance of such activities shall not degrade the military skills of the units or personnel of the National Guard of a State performing such activities. (e) R
EIMBURSEMENT NOTIFICATION .—Prior to providing any support in accordance with subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Secretary whether such support qualifies for a reimbursement waiver under chapter 15 of title 10, United States Code. (f) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biannually thereafter through December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall sub-mit a report to the congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) that describes any support provided pursuant to subsection (a) during the 6-month period preceding each such report. (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include a description of— (A) the support provided; and (B) the sources and amounts of funds obli-gated and expended to provide such support 
SEC. 1116. OPERATION PHALANX. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary, shall provide assistance to U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection for purposes of increasing on-going efforts to secure the southern border. (b) TYPES OF ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— The assistance provided under subsection (a) may include— (1) deployment of manned aircraft, un-manned aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to sup-port continuous surveillance of the southern border; and (2) intelligence analysis support. (c) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense may deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistics support as may be necessary to ensure the effectiveness of the assistance provided under subsection (a). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense $75,000,000 to pro-vide assistance under this section. The Sec-retary of Defense may not seek reimburse-ment from the Secretary for any assistance provided under this section. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) regarding any assistance pro-vided under subsection (a) during the period specified in paragraph (3). (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include, for the period speci-fied in paragraph (3), a description of— (A) the assistance provided; (B) the sources and amounts of funds used to provide such assistance; and (C) the amounts obligated to provide such assistance. (3) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this paragraph is— (A) in the case of the first report required under paragraph (1), the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) in the case of any subsequent report submitted under paragraph (1), the calendar year for which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 1117. MERIDA INITIATIVE. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that assistance to Mexico, includ-ing assistance from the Department of State and the Department of Defense and any aid related to the Merida Initiative— (1) should be focused on providing en-hanced border security at Mexico’s northern and southern borders, judicial reform, and support for Mexico’s anti-drug efforts; and (2) should return to its original focus and prioritize security, training, and acquisition of equipment for Mexican security forces in-volved in border security and anti-drug ef-forts as well as be used to train prosecutors in ongoing justice reform efforts. (b) A
SSISTANCE FOR MEXICO .—The Sec-retary of State, in coordination with the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense, shall provide level and consistent assistance to Mexico— (1) to combat drug production and traf-ficking and related violence, transnational organized criminal organizations, and cor-ruption; (2) to build a secure, modern border secu-rity system capable of preventing illegal mi-gration; (3) to support border security and coopera-tion with United States military, intel-ligence, and law enforcement agencies on border incursions; (4) to support judicial reform, institution building, and rule of law activities to build judicial capacity, address corruption and im-punity, and support human rights; and (5) to provide for training and equipment for Mexican security forces involved in ef-forts to eradicate and interdict drugs. (c) ALLOCATION OF FUNDS ; REPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, 50 percent of any as-sistance appropriated in any appropriations Act to implement this section shall be with-held until after the Secretary of State sub-mits a written report to the congressional committees specified in paragraph (3) certi-fying that the Government of Mexico is— (A) significantly reducing illegal migra-tion, drug trafficking, and cross-border criminal activities on Mexico’s northern and southern borders; (B) taking significant action to address corruption, impunity, and human rights abuses; and (C) improving the transparency and ac-countability of Mexican Federal police forces and working with Mexican State and munic-ipal authorities to improve the transparency and accountability of Mexican State and mu-nicipal police forces. (2) M
ATTERS TO INCLUDE .—The report re-quired under paragraph (1) shall include a de-scription of— (A) actions taken by the Government of Mexico to address the matters described in such paragraph; (B) any relevant assessments by civil soci-ety and non-government organizations in Mexico relating to such matters; and (C) any instances in which the Secretary determines that the actions taken by the Government of Mexico are inadequate to ad-dress such matters. (3) C
ONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES SPECI -
FIED.—The congressional committees speci-fied in this paragraph are— (A) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; (F) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (G) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (H) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (d) N
OTIFICATIONS .—Any assistance made available by the Secretary of State under this section shall be subject to— (1) the notification procedures set forth in section 634A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2394–1); and (2) the notification requirements of— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (C) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (e) S
PENDING PLAN.—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit, to the congressional committees specified in sub-section (c)(3), a detailed spending plan for as-sistance to Mexico under this section, which shall include a strategy, developed after con-sulting with relevant authorities of the Gov-ernment of Mexico, for— (1) combating drug trafficking and related violence and organized crime; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00058 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S987 February 14, 2018 
(2) anti-corruption and rule of law activi-ties, which shall include concrete goals, ac-tions to be taken, budget proposals, and a de-scription of anticipated results. 
SEC. 1118. PROHIBITIONS ON ACTIONS THAT IM-PEDE BORDER SECURITY ON CER-TAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON INTERFERENCE WITH U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned shall not impede, prohibit, or restrict activi-ties of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on covered Federal land to carry out the ac-tivities described in subsection (b). (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct activities described in subsection (b) on cov-ered Federal land applies without regard to whether a state of emergency exists. (b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES OF U.S. C US-
TOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall have immediate access to covered Federal land to conduct the activi-ties described in paragraph (2) on such land to prevent all unlawful entries into the United States, including entries by terror-ists, unlawful aliens, instruments of ter-rorism, narcotics, and other contraband through the southern border or the northern border. (2) A
CTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are— (A) the execution of search and rescue op-erations; (B) the use of motorized vehicles, foot pa-trols, and horseback to patrol the border area, apprehend illegal entrants, and rescue individuals; and (C) the design, testing, construction, in-stallation, deployment, and operation of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology pursuant to section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, as amended by section 1111 of this title. (c) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO WAIVER AU-
THORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The activities of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection described in sub-section (b)(2) may be carried out without re-gard to the provisions of law specified in paragraph (2). (2) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW SPECIFIED .—The pro- visions of law specified in this paragraph are all Federal, State, or other laws, regulations, and legal requirements of, deriving from, or related to the subject of, the following laws: (A) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (C) The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’). (D) Division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code (54 U.S.C. 300301 et seq.) (formerly known as the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Act’’). (E) The Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.). (F) The Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (G) The Archaeological Resources Protec-tion Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.). (H) The Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.). (I) The Noise Control Act of 1972 (42 U.S.C. 4901 et seq.). (J) The Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (K) The Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). (L) Chapter 3125 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Archeological and Historic Preservation Act’’). (M) The Antiquities Act (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.). (N) Chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Historic Sites, Buildings, and Antiquities Act’’). (O) The Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). (P) The Farmland Protection Policy Act (7 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). (Q) The Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.). (R) The Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (S) The Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (T) The National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.). (U) The Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.). (V) The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). (W) Subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’). (X) The Otay Mountain Wilderness Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–145). (Y) Sections 102(29) and 103 of the Cali-fornia Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433). (Z) Division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘National Park Service Organic Act’’. (AA) The National Park Service General Authorities Act (Public Law 91–383, 16 U.S.C. 1a–1 et seq.). (BB) Sections 401(7), 403, and 404 of the Na-tional Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–625). (CC) Sections 301(a) through (f) of the Ari-zona Desert Wilderness Act (Public Law 101– 628). (DD) The Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403). (EE) The Eagle Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.). (FF) The Native American Graves Protec-tion and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). (GG) The American Indian Religious Free-dom Act (42 U.S.C. 1996). (HH) The Religious Freedom Restoration Act (42 U.S.C. 2000bb). (II) The National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.). (JJ) The Multiple Use and Sustained Yield Act of 1960 (16 U.S.C. 528 et seq.). (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF WAIVER TO SUCCESSOR  
LAWS .—If a provision of law specified in para-graph (2) was repealed and incorporated into title 54, United States Code, after April 1, 2008, and before the date of the enactment of this Act, the waiver described in paragraph (1) shall apply to the provision of such title that corresponds to the provision of law specified in paragraph (2) to the same extent the waiver applied to that provision of law. (4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The waiver authority under this subsection may not be construed as affecting, negating, or diminishing in any manner the applicability of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), in any relevant matter. (d) P
ROTECTION OF LEGAL USES.—Nothing in this section may be construed to provide— (1) authority to restrict legal uses, such as grazing, hunting, mining, or recreation or the use of backcountry airstrips, on land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture; or (2) any additional authority to restrict legal access to such land. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE AND PRIVATE LAND.— This section shall have no force or effect on State lands or private lands and shall not provide authority, on or access to, State lands or private lands. (f) TRIBAL SOVEREIGNTY .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede, re-place, negate, or diminish treaties or other agreements between the United States and Indian tribes. (g) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The requirements under this section shall not apply to the extent that such requirements are incompatible with any memorandum of understanding or similar agreement entered into between the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and a National Park Unit before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘covered Federal land’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary concerned that is located within 100 miles of the south-ern border or the northern border. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Agriculture, the Secretary of Agriculture; and (B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of the Interior, the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 1119. LANDOWNER AND RANCHER SECURITY ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BORDER  S
ECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Sec- retary shall establish a National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee, which— (1) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to border security matters, including— (A) verifying security claims and the bor-der security metrics established by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 1092 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223); and (B) discussing ways to improve the secu-rity of high traffic areas along the northern border and the southern border; and (2) may provide, through the Secretary, recommendations to Congress. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS.—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of the National Border Security Advisory Committee in for-mulating policy regarding matters affecting border security. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee shall consist of at least 1 member from each State who— (1) has at least 5 years practical experience in border security operations; or (2) lives and works in the United States within 80 miles of the southern border or within 80 miles of the northern border. (d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the National Border Security Advi-sory Committee. 
SEC. 1120. LIMITATION ON LAND OWNER’S LI-ABILITY. 
Section 287 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(i) I
NDEMNITY FOR ACTIONS OF LAWEN-
FORCEMENT OFFICERS .— ‘‘(1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘land’ includes roads, water, watercourses, and private ways, and build-ings, structures, machinery, and equipment that is attached to real property; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘owner’ includes the pos-sessor of a fee interest, a tenant, a lessee, an occupant, the possessor of any other interest in land, and any person having a right to grant permission to use the land. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00059 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES988 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(2) R EIMBURSEMENT AUTHORIZED .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, and subject to the availability of appropriations, any owner of land located in the United States within 150 miles of the southern bor-der of the United States may seek reim-bursement from the Department and the Secretary shall pay for any adverse final tort judgment for negligence (excluding attor-neys’ fees and costs) authorized under Fed-eral or State tort law, arising directly from any border patrol action, such as apprehen-sions, tracking, and detention of aliens, that is conducted on privately-owned land if— ‘‘(A) such land owner has been found neg-ligent by a Federal or State court in any tort litigation; ‘‘(B) such land owner has not already been reimbursed for the final tort judgment, in-cluding outstanding attorneys’ fees and costs; ‘‘(C) such land owner did not have or does not have sufficient property insurance to cover the judgment and has had an insurance claim for such coverage denied; and ‘‘(D) such tort action was brought against such land owner as a direct result of activity of law enforcement officers of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, acting in their official capacity, on the owner’s land. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTIONS .—Nothing in this sub-section may be construed to require the Sec-retary to reimburse a land owner under para-graph (2) for any adverse final tort judgment for negligence or to limit land owner liabil-ity which would otherwise exist for— ‘‘(A) willful or malicious failure to guard or warn against a known dangerous condi-tion, use, structure, or activity likely to cause harm; ‘‘(B) maintaining an attractive nuisance; ‘‘(C) gross negligence; or ‘‘(D) direct interference with, or hindrance of, any agent or officer of the Federal Gov-ernment who is authorized to enforce the im-migration laws during— ‘‘(i) a patrol of such landowner’s land; or ‘‘(ii) any action taken to apprehend or de-tain any alien attempting to enter the United States illegally or to evade execution of an arrest warrant for a violation of any immigration law. ‘‘(4) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to affect any right or remedy available pursuant to chap-ter 171 of title 28, United States Code (com-monly known as the ‘Federal Tort Claims Act’).’’. 
SEC. 1121. ERADICATION OF CARRIZO CANE AND SALT CEDAR. 
Not later than September 30, 2022, the Sec-retary, after coordinating with the heads of the relevant Federal, State, and local agen-cies, shall begin eradicating the carrizo cane plant and any salt cedar along the Rio Grande River. 
SEC. 1122. PREVENTION, DETECTION, CONTROL, AND ERADICATION OF DISEASES AND PESTS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
NIMAL .—The term ‘‘animal’’ means any member of the animal kingdom (except a human). (2) A
RTICLE .—The term ‘‘article’’ means any pest or disease or any material or tan-gible object that could harbor a pest or dis-ease. (3) D
ISEASE .—The term ‘‘disease’’ has the meaning given such term by the Secretary of Agriculture. (4) L
IVESTOCK .—The term ‘‘livestock’’ means all farm-raised animals. (5) M
EANS OF CONVEYANCE .—The term ‘‘means of conveyance’’ means any personal property used for, or intended for use for, the movement of any other personal property. (6) P
EST.—The term ‘‘pest’’ means any of the following that can directly or indirectly injure, cause damage to, or cause disease in human livestock, a plant, or a plant part: (A) A protozoan. (B) A plant or plant part. (C) An animal. (D) A bacterium. (E) A fungus. (F) A virus or viroid. (G) An infectious agent or other pathogen. (H) An arthropod. (I) A parasite or parasitic plant. (J) A prion. (K) A vector. (L) Any organism similar to or allied with any of the organisms described in this para-graph. (7) PLANT .—The term ‘‘plant’’ means any plant (including any plant part) capable of propagation, including a tree, a tissue cul-ture, a plantlet culture, pollen, a shrub, a vine, a cutting, a graft, a scion, a bud, a bulb, a root, and a seed. (8) S
TATE .—The term ‘‘State’’ means any of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands of the United States, and any territory or possession of the United States. (b) D
ETECTION , CONTROL , AND ERADICATION  
OF THE SPREAD OF DISEASES AND PESTS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture may carry out operations and meas-ures to prevent, detect, control, or eradicate the spread of any pest or disease of livestock or plant that threatens any segment of agri-culture. (2) C
OMPENSATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Agri-culture may pay a claim arising out of— (i) the destruction of any animal, plant, plant part, article, or means of conveyance consistent with the purposes of this section; and (ii) implementing measures to prevent, de-tect, control, or eradicate the spread of any pest disease of livestock or plant that threatens any segment of agriculture. (B) S
PECIFIC COOPERATIVE PROGRAMS .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall compensate industry participants and State agencies that cooperate with the Secretary of Agri-culture in carrying out operations and meas-ures under this subsection for up to 100 per-cent of eligible costs relating to— (i) cooperative programs involving Federal, State, or industry participants to control diseases of low or high pathogenicity and pests in accordance with regulations issued by the Secretary of Agriculture; and (ii) the construction and operation of re-search laboratories, quarantine stations, and other buildings and facilities for special pur-poses. (C) R
EVIEWABILITY .—The action of any offi-cer, employee, or agent of the Secretary of Agriculture under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to review by any officer or employee of the Federal Government other than the Secretary of Agriculture or a designee of the Secretary of Agriculture. (c) C
OOPERATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary of Agriculture may co-operate with other Federal agencies, States, State agencies, political subdivisions of States, national and local governments of foreign countries, domestic and inter-national organizations and associations, do-mestic nonprofit corporations, Indian tribes, and other persons. (2) R
ESPONSIBILITY .—The person or other entity cooperating with the Secretary of Ag-riculture shall be responsible for the author-ity necessary to carry out operations or measures— (A) on all land and property within a for-eign country or State, or under the jurisdic-tion of an Indian tribe, other than on land and property owned or controlled by the United States; and (B) using other facilities and means, as de-termined by the Secretary of Agriculture. (d) FUNDING .—For fiscal year 2018, and for each subsequent fiscal year, the Secretary of Agriculture shall use such amounts from the Commodity Credit Cooperation as may be necessary to carry out operations and meas-ures to prevent, detect, control, or eradicate the spread of any pest or disease of livestock or plant that threatens any segment of agri-culture. (e) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Ag-riculture shall reimburse any Federal agen-cy, State, State agency, political subdivision of a State, national or local government of a foreign country, domestic or international organization or association, domestic non-profit corporation, Indian tribe, or other per-son for specified costs, as prescribed by the Secretary of Agriculture, in the discretion of the Secretary of Agriculture, that result from cooperation with the Secretary of Agri-culture in carrying out operations and meas-ures under this section. 
SEC. 1123. TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANI-ZATION ILLICIT SPOTTER PREVEN-TION AND DETECTION. 
(a) B RINGING IN AND HARBORING CERTAIN  A
LIENS .—Section 274(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘brings to or attempts to’’ and inserting ‘‘brings to or attempts or conspires to’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) The sentence otherwise provided for a person who has brought aliens into the United States in violation of this subsection may be increased by up to 10 years if that person— ‘‘(A) at the time of the offense, used or car-ried a firearm; or ‘‘(B) in furtherance of any such crime, pos-sessed a firearm.’’. (b) A
IDING OR ASSISTING CERTAIN ALIENS TO  E
NTER THE UNITED STATES .—Section 277 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1327) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or attempts to aid or as-sist’’ after ‘‘knowingly aids or assists’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The sentence otherwise provided for a per-son convicted of an offense under this sec-tion may be increased by up to 10 years if that person, at the time of the offense, used or carried a firearm or who, in furtherance of any such crime, possessed a firearm.’’. (c) D
ESTRUCTION OF UNITED STATES BORDER  C
ONTROLS .—Section 1361 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘If the damage’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(1) Except as otherwise provided in this section, if the damage’’; and (2) by striking the semicolon and inserting a period; (3) by striking ‘‘if the damage’’ after ‘‘both.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Except as otherwise provided in this section, if the damage’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) If the injury or depredation was made or attempted against any fence, barrier, sen-sor, camera, or other physical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry or otherwise was intended to construct, exca-vate, or make any structure intended to de-feat, circumvent, or evade any such fence, barrier, sensor camera, or other physical or electronic device deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry, by a fine under this title, imprison-ment for not more than 15 years, or both. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00060 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S989 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(4) If the injury or depredation was de-scribed under paragraph (2) and, in the com-mission of the offense, the offender used or carried a firearm or, in furtherance of any such offense, possessed a firearm, by a fine under this title, imprisonment for not more than 20 years, or both.’’. (d) U
NLAWFULLY HINDERING IMMIGRATION , B
ORDER , ANDCUSTOMS CONTROLS .— (1) E
NHANCED PENALTIES .—Chapter 9 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1351 et seq.) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 295. UNLAWFULLY HINDERING IMMIGRA-TION, BORDER, AND CUSTOMS CON-TROLS. 
‘‘(a) I LLICIT SPOTTING .—Any person who knowingly transmits, by any means, to an-other person the location, movement, or ac-tivities of any Federal, State, local, or tribal law enforcement agency or officer with the intent to further a Federal crime relating to United States immigration, customs, con-trolled substances, agriculture, monetary in-struments, or other border controls shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(b) D
ESTRUCTION OF UNITED STATES BOR-
DER CONTROLS .—Any person who knowingly and without lawful authorization destroys, alters, or damages any fence, barrier, sensor, camera, or other physical or electronic de-vice deployed by the Federal Government to control the border or a port of entry or oth-erwise seeks to construct, excavate, or make any structure intended to defeat, cir-cumvent, or evade any such fence, barrier, sensor camera, or other physical or elec-tronic device deployed by the Federal Gov-ernment to control the border or a port of entry— ‘‘(1) shall be fined under title 18, impris-oned not more than 10 years, or both; and ‘‘(2) if, at the time of the offense, the per-son uses or carries a firearm or who, in fur-therance of any such crime, possesses a fire-arm, shall be fined under title 18, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘(c) C
ONSPIRACY AND ATTEMPT .—Any per- son who attempts or conspires to violate subsection (a) or (b) shall be punished in the same manner as a person who completes a violation of such subsection.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 294 the following: ‘‘Sec. 295. Unlawfully hindering immigra-tion, border, and customs con-trols.’’. (e) C
ARRYING OR USING A FIREARM DURING  
AND IN RELATION TO AN ALIEN SMUGGLING  C
RIME.—Section 924(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, alien smuggling crime,’’ after ‘‘crime of vio-lence’’ each place that term appears; and (B) in subparagraph (D)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, alien smuggling crime,’’ after ‘‘crime of vio-lence’’; (2) by striking paragraphs (2) through (4); (3) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (2); and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘alien smuggling crime’ means any felony punishable under section 274(a), 277, or 278 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a), 1327, and 1328); ‘‘(B) the term ‘brandish’ means, with re-spect to a firearm, to display all or part of the firearm, or otherwise make the presence of the firearm known to another person, in order to intimidate that person, regardless of whether the firearm is directly visible to that person; ‘‘(C) the term ‘crime of violence’ means a felony offense that— ‘‘(i) has as an element the use, attempted use, or threatened use of physical force against the person or property of another; or ‘‘(ii) by its nature, involves a substantial risk that physical force against the person or property of another may be used in the course of committing the offense; and ‘‘(D) the term ‘drug trafficking crime’ means any felony punishable under the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and Ex-port Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), or chapter 705 of title 46.’’. (f) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—Section 3298 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, or 295’’ after ‘‘274(a)’’. 
SEC. 1124. SOUTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) T HREAT ANALYSIS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a southern border threat anal-ysis. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The analysis submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an assess-ment of— (A) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (i) to unlawfully enter the United States through the southern border; or (ii) to exploit security vulnerabilities along the southern border; (B) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the southern border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; (C) gaps in law, policy, and coordination between State, local, or tribal law enforce-ment, international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder effective and effi-cient border security, counterterrorism, and anti-human smuggling and trafficking ef-forts; (D) the current percentage of situational awareness achieved by the Department of Homeland Security along the southern bor-der; (E) the current percentage of operational control achieved by the Department of Homeland Security along the southern bor-der; and (F) traveler crossing times and any poten-tial security vulnerability associated with prolonged wait times. (3) A
NALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In compiling the southern border threat analysis under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider and examine— (A) the technology needs and challenges, including such needs and challenges identi-fied as a result of previous investments that have not fully realized the security and oper-ational benefits that were sought; (B) the personnel needs and challenges, in-cluding such needs and challenges associated with recruitment and hiring; (C) the infrastructure needs and chal-lenges; (D) the roles and authorities of State, local, and tribal law enforcement in general border security activities; (E) the status of coordination among Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and Mexican law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (F) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the southern border; and (G) the international agreements between the United States and Mexico related to bor-der security. (4) CLASSIFIED FORM .—To the extent pos-sible, the Secretary shall submit the south-ern border threat analysis required under this subsection in unclassified form, but may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines such action is appropriate. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL STRATEGIC PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than the later of 180 days after the submission of the threat analysis under subsection (a) or June 30, 2018, and every 5 years thereafter, the Secretary, acting through the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, shall issue a Border Patrol Strategic Plan. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The Border Patrol Stra-tegic Plan required under this subsection shall include a consideration of— (A) the southern border threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a), with an empha-sis on efforts to mitigate threats identified in such threat analysis; (B) efforts to analyze and disseminate bor-der security and border threat information between border security components of the Department of Homeland Security and other appropriate Federal departments and agen-cies with missions associated with the south-ern border; (C) efforts to increase situational aware-ness, including— (i) surveillance capabilities, including ca-pabilities developed or utilized by the De-partment of Defense, and any appropriate technology determined to be excess by the Department of Defense; and (ii) the use of manned aircraft and un-manned aerial systems, including camera and sensor technology deployed on such as-sets; (D) efforts to detect and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; (E) efforts to detect, interdict, and disrupt aliens and illicit drugs at the earliest pos-sible point; (F) efforts to focus intelligence collection to disrupt transnational criminal organiza-tions outside of the international and mari-time borders of the United States; (G) efforts to ensure that any new border security technology can be operationally in-tegrated with existing technologies in use by the Department of Homeland Security; (H) any technology required to maintain, support, and enhance security and facilitate trade at ports of entry, including nonintru-sive detection equipment, radiation detec-tion equipment, biometric technology, sur-veillance systems, and other sensors and technology that the Secretary determines to be necessary; (I) operational coordination unity of effort initiatives of the border security components of the Department of Homeland Security, in-cluding any relevant task forces of the De-partment of Homeland Security; (J) lessons learned from Operation Jumpstart and Operation Phalanx; (K) cooperative agreements and informa-tion sharing with State, local, tribal, terri-torial, and other Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the north-ern border or the southern border; (L) border security information received from consultation with State, local, tribal, territorial, and Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the north-ern border or the southern border, or in the maritime environment, and from border community stakeholders (including through public meetings with such stakeholders), in-cluding representatives from border agricul-tural and ranching organizations and rep-resentatives from business and civic organi-zations along the northern border or the southern border; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00061 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES990 February 14, 2018 
(M) staffing requirements for all depart-mental border security functions; (N) a prioritized list of departmental re-search and development objectives to en-hance the security of the southern border; (O) an assessment of training programs, in-cluding training programs for— (i) identifying and detecting fraudulent documents; (ii) understanding the scope of enforce-ment authorities and the use of force poli-cies; and (iii) screening, identifying, and addressing vulnerable populations, such as children and victims of human trafficking; and (P) an assessment of how border security operations affect border crossing times. 
SEC. 1125. AMENDMENTS TO U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) D UTIES .—Section 411(c) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(c)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (19) as para-graph (21); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(19) administer the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection public private partnerships under subtitle G; ‘‘(20) administer preclearance operations under the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4431 et seq.); enacted as sub-title B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et. seq.); and’’. (b) O
FFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS STAFF -
ING.—Section 411(g)(5)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(g)(5)(A)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘compared to the number indicated by the current fiscal year work flow staffing model’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Subparagraph (B) of section 814(e)(1) of the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4433(e)(1)), as enacted in subtitle B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade En-forcement Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) a port of entry vacancy rate which compares the number of officers identified in subparagraph (A) with the number of officers at the port at which such officer is currently assigned.’’. (d) D
EFINITIONS .—Section 411(r) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section, the terms’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this section:’’ ‘‘(1) the terms’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as added by subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) the term ‘unmanned aerial systems’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 1126. AGENT AND OFFICER TECHNOLOGY USE. 
In carrying out section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996, as amended by section 1111, and in carrying out section 1112, the Secretary, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, shall ensure that technology de-ployed to gain situational awareness and operational control of the border be provided to front-line officers and agents of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 1127. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘SEC. 434. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a program, which shall be known as the Integrated Bor-der Enforcement Team program (referred to in this section as the ‘IBET Program’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the IBET Program in a manner that re-sults in a cooperative approach between the United States and Canada to— ‘‘(1) strengthen security between des-ignated ports of entry; ‘‘(2) detect, prevent, investigate, and re-spond to terrorism and violations of law re-lated to border security; ‘‘(3) facilitate collaboration among compo-nents and offices within the Department and international partners; ‘‘(4) execute coordinated activities in fur-therance of border security and homeland se-curity; and ‘‘(5) enhance information-sharing, includ-ing the dissemination of homeland security information among such components and of-fices. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION AND LOCATION OF  IBET
S.— ‘‘(1) C
OMPOSITION .—IBETs shall be led by the U.S. Border Patrol and may be comprised of personnel from— ‘‘(A) other subcomponents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(B) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, led by Homeland Security Inves-tigations; ‘‘(C) the Coast Guard, for the purpose of se-curing the maritime borders of the United States; ‘‘(D) other Department personnel, as ap-propriate; ‘‘(E) other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate; ‘‘(F) appropriate State law enforcement agencies; ‘‘(G) foreign law enforcement partners; ‘‘(H) local law enforcement agencies from affected border cities and communities; and ‘‘(I) appropriate tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(2) L
OCATION .—The Secretary is author-ized to establish IBETs in regions in which such teams can contribute to IBET missions, as appropriate. When establishing an IBET, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) whether the region in which the IBET would be established is significantly im-pacted by cross-border threats; ‘‘(B) the availability of Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign law enforcement re-sources to participate in an IBET; and ‘‘(C) whether, in accordance with para-graph (3), other joint cross-border initiatives already take place within the region in which the IBET would be established, includ-ing other Department cross-border programs such as the Integrated Cross-Border Mari-time Law Enforcement Operation Program established under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border En-forcement Security Task Force established under section 432. ‘‘(3) D
UPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—In deter- mining whether to establish a new IBET or to expand an existing IBET in a given region, the Secretary shall ensure that the IBET under consideration does not duplicate the efforts of other existing interagency task forces or centers within such region, includ-ing the Integrated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforcement Operation Program estab-lished under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border Enforcement Security Task Force established under sec-tion 432. ‘‘(d) OPERATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After determining the regions in which to establish IBETs, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) direct the assignment of Federal per-sonnel to such IBETs; and ‘‘(B) take other actions to assist Federal, State, local, and tribal entities to partici-pate in such IBETs, including providing fi-nancial assistance, as appropriate, for oper-ational, administrative, and technological costs associated with such participation. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Coast Guard personnel assigned under paragraph (1) may be as-signed only for the purposes of securing the maritime borders of the United States, in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(1)(C). ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate the IBET Program with other similar border security and antiterrorism programs within the Department in accord-ance with the strategic objectives of the Cross-Border Law Enforcement Advisory Committee. ‘‘(f) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Secretary may enter into memoranda of un-derstanding with appropriate representatives of the entities specified in subsection (c)(1) necessary to carry out the IBET Program. Such memoranda with entities specified in subsection (c)(1)(G) shall be entered into with the concurrence of the Secretary of State. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which an IBET is established, and biannually thereafter for the following 6 years, the Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees, including the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and in the case of Coast Guard personnel used to secure the maritime borders of the United States, to the Committee on Transportation and Infra-structure of the House of Representatives, that— ‘‘(1) describes the effectiveness of IBETs in fulfilling the purposes specified in subsection (b); ‘‘(2) assesses the impact of certain chal-lenges on the sustainment of cross-border IBET operations, including challenges faced by international partners; ‘‘(3) addresses ways to support joint train-ing for IBET stakeholder agencies and radio interoperability to allow for secure cross- border radio communications; and ‘‘(4) assesses how IBETs, Border Enforce-ment Security Task Forces, and the Inte-grated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforce-ment Operation Program can better align op-erations, including interdiction and inves-tigation activities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 433 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 434. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams.’’. 
SEC. 1128. LAND USE OR ACQUISITION. 
Section 103(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1103) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b)(1) The Secretary may lease, contract for, or buy any interest in land, including temporary use rights, adjacent to or in the vicinity of an international land border when the Secretary determines that such land is essential to control and guard the bound-aries and borders of the United States against any violation of this Act. ‘‘(2) The Secretary may lease, contract for, or buy any interest in land described in para-graph (1) if— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00062 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S991 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(A) the lawful owner of that interest fixes a price for leasing, contracting, or buying such interest; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary considers the price re-ferred to in subparagraph (A) to be reason-able. ‘‘(3) If the Secretary and the lawful owner of an interest in land described in paragraph (1) are unable to agree to lease, contract for, or buy such interest at a reasonable price for such lease, contract, or purchase, the Sec-retary may commence condemnation pro-ceedings pursuant to the Act of August 1, 1888 (Chapter 728; 25 Stat. 357). ‘‘(4) The Secretary may accept, on behalf of the United States, a gift of any interest in land described in paragraph (1)’’. 
SEC. 1129. TUNNEL TASK FORCES. 
The Secretary is authorized to establish Tunnel Task Forces for the purposes of de-tecting and remediating tunnels that breach the international borders of the United States. 
SEC. 1130. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF ELECTRO-MAGNETIC SPECTRUM IN SUPPORT OF BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in consulta-tion with the Assistant Secretary of Com-merce for Communications and Information, shall conduct a pilot program to test and evaluate the use of electromagnetic spec-trum by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in support of border security operations through— (1) ongoing management and monitoring of spectrum to identify threats such as unau-thorized spectrum use, and the jamming and hacking of United States communications assets, by persons engaged in criminal enter-prises; (2) automated spectrum management to enable greater efficiency and speed for U.S. Customs and Border Protection in addressing emerging challenges in overall spectrum use on the United States border; and (3) coordinated use of spectrum resources to better facilitate interoperability and interagency cooperation and interdiction ef-forts at or near the United States border. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the conclusion of the pilot pro-gram under subsection (a), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit a report to the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives, the Committee on Energy and Com-merce of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate that contains the findings and data derived from such pilot program. 
SEC. 1131. FOREIGN MIGRATION ASSISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 1127, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 435. FOREIGN MIGRATION ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide, to a foreign government, financial assistance for foreign country operations to address migration flows that may affect the United States. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—Assistance provided under subsection (a) may be provided only if such assistance would enhance the recipient government’s capacity to address irregular migration flows that may affect the United States, including any detention or removal operations of the recipient government, in-cluding procedures to screen and provide pro-tection for certain individuals. ‘‘(c) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES .—The Secretary may, if appropriate, seek reim-bursement from the receiving foreign gov-ernment for the provision of financial assist-ance under this section. ‘‘(d) RECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING  C
OLLECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, any reim-bursement collected pursuant to subsection (c) shall— ‘‘(1) be credited as offsetting collections to the account that finances the security as-sistance under this section for which such re-imbursement is received; and ‘‘(2) shall remain available until expended for the purpose of carrying out this section. ‘‘(e) E
FFECTIVE PERIOD .—The authority provided under this section shall remain in effect until September 30, 2022. ‘‘(f) D
EVELOPMENT AND PROGRAM EXECU -
TIVE.—The Secretary and the Secretary of State shall jointly develop and implement any financial assistance under this section. ‘‘(g) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting, augmenting, or diminishing the authority of the Secretary of State. ‘‘(h) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000,000 for the 5-year period ending on September 30, 2022, to carry out this section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 434, as added by section 1127, the following: ‘‘Sec. 435. Security assistance.’’. CHAPTER 2—PERSONNEL 
SEC. 1141. ADDITIONAL U.S. CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PROTECTION AGENTS AND OF-FICERS. 
(a) B ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 26,370 full-time equivalent agents. (b) CBP O
FFICERS .—In addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing officer vacancies within U.S. Customs and Border Protection as of such date, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign to duty, not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022— (1) sufficient U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 27,725 full-time equivalent officers; and (2) 350 full-time support staff distributed among all United States ports of entry. (c) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to maintain not fewer than 1,675 full-time equivalent agents and not fewer than 264 Marine and Air Interdic-tion Agents for southern border air and mar-itime operations. (d) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  K–9 U
NITS AND HANDLERS .— (1) K–9 
UNITS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall deploy not fewer than 300 new K–9 units, with sup-porting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other required staff, at land ports of entry and checkpoints, on the south-ern border and the northern border. (2) U
SE OF CANINES .—The Commissioner shall prioritize the use of canines at the pri-mary inspection lanes at land ports of entry and checkpoints. (e) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  H
ORSEBACK UNITS.— (1) I
NCREASE .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall increase the number of horseback units, with supporting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion and other required staff, by not fewer than 100 officers and 50 horses for security patrol along the Southern border. (2) HORSE UNIT SUPPORT .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion shall construct new stables, maintain and improve existing stables, and provide other resources needed to maintain the health and well-being of the horses that serve in the horseback units. (f) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  S
EARCH TRAUMA AND RESCUE TEAMS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commis-sioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers engaged in search and res-cue activities along the southern border. (g) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  T
UNNEL DETECTION AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers assisting task forces and activities related to deploy-ment and operation of border tunnel detec-tion technology and apprehensions of indi-viduals using such tunnels for crossing into the United States, drug trafficking, or human smuggling. (h) A
GRICULTURAL SPECIALISTS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall hire, train, and assign to duty, in addition to the officers and agents authorized under sub-sections (a) through (g), 631 U.S. Customs and Border Protection agricultural special-ists to ports of entry along the southern bor-der and the northern border. (i) O
FFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and as-sign sufficient Office of Professional Respon-sibility special agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 550 full-time equivalent special agents. (j) O
FFICE OF INTELLIGENCE .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient Office of Intelligence personnel to maintain not fewer than 700 full-time equivalent employ-ees. (k) GAO R
EPORT .—If the staffing levels re-quired under this section are not achieved by September 30, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the reasons why such levels were not achieved. 
SEC. 1142. FAIR LABOR STANDARDS FOR BORDER PATROL AGENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s) E
MPLOYMENT AS A BORDER PATROL  A
GENT .—No public agency shall be deemed to have violated subsection (a) with respect to the employment of any border patrol agent (as defined in section 5550(1) of title 5, United States Code) if, during a work period of 14 consecutive days, the border patrol agent re-ceives compensation at a rate that is not less than 150 percent of the regular rate at which the agent is employed for all hours of work from 80 hours to 100 hours. Payments re-quired under this section shall be in addi-tional to any payments made under section 5550 of title 5, United States Code, and shall be made notwithstanding any pay limita-tions set forth in that title.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—Section 13(a) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 213(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (16), by adding ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (17), in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (D), by strik-ing ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (3) by striking paragraph (18). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00063 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES992 February 14, 2018 
SEC. 1143. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION RETENTION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 9702. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION TEMPORARY EMPLOYMENT AU-THORITIES. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection described under any of subsections (a) through (h) of section 1141 of the Building America’s Trust Act; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Oversight and Gov-ernment Reform of the House of Representa-tives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(C) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(D) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and ‘‘(E) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate. ‘‘(b) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) S
TATEMENT OF PURPOSE AND LIMITA -
TION.—The purpose of this subsection is to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to expeditiously meet the hiring goals and staffing levels required under section 1141 of the Building America’s Trust Act. The Sec-retary may not use such authority beyond meeting the requirements under such sec-tion. ‘‘(2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may appoint, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, can-didates to positions in the competitive serv-ice as CBP employees if the Secretary has given public notice for the positions. ‘‘(3) R
ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a recruit-ment or relocation bonus of up to 50 percent of the annual rate of basic pay to an indi-vidual CBP employee at the beginning of the service period multiplied by the number of years (including a fractional part of a year) in the required service period to an indi-vidual (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that condi-tions consistent with the conditions de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of section 5753 are satisfied with respect to the individual (without regard to the regulations referenced in section 5753(b)(2)(B(ii)(I) or to any other provision of section 5753); and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) RETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus of up to 50 per-cent of basic pay to an individual CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP em-ployee (without regard to any other provi-sion of that section); ‘‘(ii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements under this subsection, includ-ing— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(5) R
ULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee— ‘‘(i) under paragraph (3) may not exceed 100 percent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) under paragraph (4) may not exceed 50 percent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee. ‘‘(B) R
ELATIONSHIP TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose, includ-ing for retirement or in computing a lump- sum payment to the covered employee for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552. ‘‘(C) P
ERIOD OF SERVICE FOR RECRUITMENT , 
RELOCATION , AND RETENTION BONUSES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A bonus paid to an em-ployee under paragraph (4) may not be based on any period of such service which is the basis for a recruitment or relocation bonus under paragraph (3). ‘‘(ii) F
URTHER LIMITATION .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) may not be based on any period of service which is the basis for a recruitment or relocation bonus under section 5753 or a retention bonus under section 5754. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RATES OF PAY.—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may establish special rates of pay in accordance with that section to assist the Secretary in meeting the requirements of section 1141 of the Build-ing America’s Trust Act. The Director shall prioritize the consideration of requests from the Secretary for such special rates of pay and issue a decision as soon as practicable. The Secretary shall provide such informa-tion to the Director as the Director deems necessary to evaluate special rates of pay under this subsection. ‘‘(d) OPM O
VERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) R
EPORT .—Not later than September 30 of each year, the Secretary shall submit a re-port to the Director on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of authorities pro-vided under subsections (b) and (c). In each report, the Secretary shall provide such in-formation as the Director determines is ap-propriate to ensure appropriate use of au-thorities under such subsections. Each re-port shall also include an assessment of— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of authorities under subsections (b) and (c) on implementa-tion of section 1141 of the Building America’s Trust Act; ‘‘(B) solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the agency, including at specific lo-cations; ‘‘(C) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the agency or specific lo-cations; and ‘‘(D) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use authorities provided under this section at the agency or at specific loca-tions. ‘‘(2) CONSIDERATION .—In compiling each re-port under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (b) and (c) and then transferred to a new lo-cation or left U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—In addition to the Di-rector, the Secretary shall submit each re-port required under this subsection to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(e) OPM A
CTION .—If the Director deter-mines that the Secretary has inappropri-ately used the authority under subsection (b) or a special rate of pay authorized under sub-section (c), the Director shall submit written notification to the appropriate congressional committees. Upon receipt of such notifica-tion, the Secretary may not make any new appointments or issue any new bonuses under subsection (b), or provide CBP employ-ees with further special rates of pay, until the Director has submitted written notice to the Secretary and the appropriate congres-sional committees stating that the Director is satisfied that safeguards are in place to prevent further inappropriate use. ‘‘(f) I
MPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and in conjunc-tion with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall develop and implement a strategy to improve the education regarding hiring and human resources flexibilities (in-cluding hiring and human resources flexibili-ties for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency head-quarters or field offices, who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assessment, or se-lection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy developed under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees; ‘‘(B) regular training sessions for personnel who are critical to filling open positions in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(C) the development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, consistent with authorities provided to the Secretary to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00064 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S993 February 14, 2018 
address identified hiring challenges, includ-ing in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(D) developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through the relationships with institutions of higher education (as de-fined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002)), veterans transi-tion and employment centers, and job place-ment program in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(E) examination of existing agency pro-grams to determine how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are candidates or new hires in a rural or re-mote area; ‘‘(F) feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families; ‘‘(G) feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families; and ‘‘(H) evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of such programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy developed under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions, including in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges, including in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. ‘‘(g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall review the use of hiring and pay flexi-bilities under subsections (b) and (c) to de-termine whether the use of such flexibilities is helping the Secretary meet hiring and re-tention needs, including in rural and remote areas. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON POLYGRAPH REQUESTS .— The Secretary shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that identifies the number of requests the Sec-retary has received from any other Federal agency for the file of an applicant for a posi-tion in U.S. Customs and Border Protection that includes the results of a polygraph ex-amination. ‘‘(i) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (b) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71 and any collec-tive bargaining agreement. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-gate any authority under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from applicability of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(k) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (b) and (c) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2022. Any bonus to be paid pursu-ant to subsection (b) that is approved before such date may continue until such bonus has been paid, subject to the conditions specified in this section.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment au-thorities.’’. (c) O
VERTIME LIMITATION .—Section 5(c)(1) of the Act of February 13, 1911 (19 U.S.C. 267(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$25,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$45,000’’. 
SEC. 1144. RATE OF PAY FOR U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT OFFI-CERS AND AGENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5545a of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l)(1) The provisions of subsections (a) through (h), providing for availability pay, shall apply to a law enforcement officer em-ployed by U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement who is authorized to carry out the powers or authorities under section 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357) or section 589 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1589a) and who would not oth-erwise be covered by such subsections. ‘‘(2) For the purposes of this section, sec-tion 5542(d) of this title, and subsections (a)(16) and (b)(30) of section 13 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 213), an officer described in paragraph (1) shall be deemed to be a criminal investigator.’’. (b) R
ULEMAKING .—The Director of the Of-fice of Personnel Management may prescribe regulations to carry out section 5545a(l) of title 5, United States Code, as added by sub-section (a). (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first applicable pay pe-riod beginning on or after the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1145. ANTI-BORDER CORRUPTION REAU-THORIZATION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’. (b) H
IRING FLEXIBILITY .—Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion may waive the application of subsection (a)(1)— ‘‘(1) to a current, full-time law enforce-ment officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than 3 years; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of, or the incarcer-ation of any person for, any violation of law, and has statutory powers for arrest or appre-hension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) has, during the past 10 years, success-fully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such offi-cer’s current law enforcement agency; ‘‘(2) to a current, full-time Federal law en-forcement officer who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than 3 years; ‘‘(B) is authorized to make arrests, conduct investigations, conduct searches, make sei-zures, carry firearms, and serve orders, war-rants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation; and ‘‘(3) to a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve component thereof) or a veteran, if such individual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than 3 years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past 5 years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past 5 years, a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an honorable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in crimi-nal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) TERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is 4 years after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act.’’. (c) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY AND DEFINITIONS .— (1) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–376) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ONEXEMPTION .—An individual who re-ceives a waiver under section 3(b) is not ex-empt from other hiring requirements relat-ing to suitability for employment and eligi-bility to hold a national security designated position, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any in- dividual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) and holds a current Tier 4 background investigation shall be subject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to ad-minister a polygraph examination to an ap-plicant or employee who is eligible for, or re-ceives a waiver under, section 3(b) if infor-mation is discovered before the completion of a background investigation that results in a determination that a polygraph examina-tion is necessary to make a final determina-tion regarding suitability for employment or continued employment, as the case may be.’’. (2) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this section, and annually thereafter while the waiver authority under section 3(b) is in ef-fect, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit a report to Congress that includes, with respect to each such reporting period— ‘‘(1) the number of waivers requested, granted, and denied under section 3(b); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00065 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES994 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(2) the reasons for any denials of such waiver; ‘‘(3) the percentage of applicants who were hired after receiving a waiver; ‘‘(4) the number of instances that a poly-graph was administered to an applicant who initially received a waiver and the results of such polygraph; ‘‘(5) an assessment of the current impact of the polygraph waiver program on filling law enforcement positions at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(6) additional authorities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to better uti-lize the polygraph waiver program for its in-tended goals. ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The first report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) an analysis of other methods of em-ployment suitability tests that detect decep-tion and could be used in conjunction with traditional background investigations to evaluate potential employees for suitability; and ‘‘(2) a recommendation regarding whether a test referred to in paragraph (1) should be adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion when the polygraph examination re-quirement is waived pursuant to section 3(b).’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘Federal law enforcement officer’ has the meaning given the term ‘law enforce-ment officer’ in sections 8331(20) and 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) S
ERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and ‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, authorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Court-Martial, as pursuant to Army Regulation 635-200 chapter 14–12. ‘‘(3) T
IER 4; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background inves-tigations have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Stand-ards. ‘‘(4) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code.’’. (d) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINERS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall in-crease to not fewer than 150 the number of trained full-time equivalent polygraph exam-iners for administering polygraphs under the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by this section. 
SEC. 1146. TRAINING FOR OFFICERS AND AGENTS OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PRO-TECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411(l) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(l)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) T
RAINING AND CONTINUING EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY TRAINING AND CONTINUING  
EDUCATION .—The Commissioner shall ensure that every agent and officer of U.S. Customs and Border Protection receives at least 21 weeks of training that is directly related to the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol, Air and Marine, and the Office of Field Oper-ations before the initial assignment of such agents and officers. ‘‘(2) FLETC.—The Commissioner shall work in consultation with the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters to establish guidelines and curriculum for the training of agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection under sub-section (a). ‘‘(3) CONTINUING EDUCATION .—The Commis-sioner shall require all agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection who are required to undergo training under sub-section (a) to participate in not fewer than 8 hours of continuing education annually to maintain and update understanding of Fed-eral legal rulings, court decisions, and De-partment policies, procedures, and guidelines related to relevant subject matters. ‘‘(4) L
EADERSHIP TRAINING .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Ensuring Family Reunification Act of 2018, the Commissioner shall develop and require training courses geared towards the develop-ment of leadership skills for mid- and senior- level career employees not later than 1 year after such employees assume duties in super-visory roles.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit a report to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representa-tives that identifies the guidelines and cur-riculum established to carry out subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a). (c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate that as-sesses the training and education, including continuing education, required under sub-section (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1147. ADDITIONAL U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS ENFORCEMENT PER-SONNEL. 
(a) E NFORCEMENT AND REMOVAL OFFI-
CERS.—By not later than September 30, 2022, the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement shall increase the number of trained, full-time, active duty U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement Enforce-ment and Removal Operations law enforce-ment officers performing interior immigra-tion enforcement functions by not fewer than 8,500. (b) H
OMELAND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS  S
PECIAL AGENTS .—By not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Director of U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement shall in-crease the number of trained, full-time, ac-tive duty Homeland Security Investigations special agents by not fewer than 1,500. (c) B
ORDER ENFORCEMENT SECURITY TASK F
ORCE .—By not later than September 30, 2022, the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall assign not fewer than 100 Homeland Security Investigations special agents to the Border Enforcement Se-curity Task Force Program established under section 432 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 240). 
SEC. 1148. OTHER IMMIGRATION AND LAW EN-FORCEMENT PERSONNEL. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF JUSTICE .— (1) U
NITED STATES ATTORNEYS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing at-torney vacancies within the Department of Justice on such date of enactment, the At-torney General shall— (A) increase by not fewer than 100 the num-ber of Assistant United States Attorneys; and (B) increase by not fewer than 50 the num-ber of Special Assistant United States Attor-neys in the United States Attorneys’ office to litigate denaturalization and other immi-gration cases in the Federal courts. (2) IMMIGRATION JUDGES .— (A) A
DDITIONAL IMMIGRATION JUDGES .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing va-cancies within the Department of Justice on such date of enactment, the Attorney Gen-eral shall increase by 200 the number of trained full-time immigration judges. (B) F
ACILITIES , SUPPORT PERSONNEL , AND 
FULL -TIME INTERPRETERS .—The Attorney General is authorized to procure space, tem-porary facilities, support staff, and full-time interpreters on an expedited basis, to accom-modate the additional immigration judges authorized under subparagraph (A). (3) B
OARD OF IMMIGRATION APPEALS .— (A) B
OARD MEMBERS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, the Attorney General shall increase the number of Board Members authorized to serve on the Board of Immigra-tion Appeals to 25. (B) S
TAFF ATTORNEYS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing staff attorney vacancies within the Department of Justice on such date of enactment, the Attorney General shall increase the number of staff attorneys assigned to support the Board of Immigration Appeals by not fewer than 50. (C) F
ACILITIES AND SUPPORT PERSONNEL .— The Attorney General is authorized to pro-cure space, temporary facilities, and re-quired administrative support staff, on an expedited basis, to accommodate the addi-tional Board Members authorized under sub-paragraph (A). (4) O
FFICE OF IMMIGRATION LITIGATION .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing va-cancies within the Department of Justice on such date of enactment, the Attorney Gen-eral shall increase by not fewer than 100 the number of attorneys for the Office of Immi-gration Litigation. (b) D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— (1) F
RAUD DETECTION AND NATIONAL SECU -
RITY OFFICERS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing officer vacancies within the Department of Homeland Security on such date of enactment, the Director of U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services shall in-crease by not fewer than 100 the number of trained full-time active duty Fraud Detec-tion and National Security (FDNS) officers. (2) ICE 
HOMELAND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS  
FORENSIC DOCUMENT LABORATORY PER -
SONNEL .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing officer vacancies within the Department of Homeland Security on such date of enactment, the Director of U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement shall increase— (A) the number of trained, full-time Foren-sic Document Laboratory Examiners by 15; (B) the number of trained, full-time Fin-gerprint Specialists by 15; (C) the number of trained, full-time Intel-ligence Officers by 10; and (D) the number of trained, full-time admin-istrative staff by 3. (3) I
MMIGRATION ATTORNEYS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00066 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S995 February 14, 2018 
(A) O FFICE OF THE PRINCIPAL LEGAL ADVISOR  
ATTORNEYS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing attorney vacancies within the Department of Homeland Security on such date of enactment, the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement shall increase the number of trained, full-time, ac-tive duty Office of Principal Legal Advisor attorneys by not fewer than 1,200. The major-ity of such attorneys shall perform duties re-lated to litigation of removal proceedings and representing the Department of Home-land Security in immigration matters before the immigration courts within the Depart-ment of Justice, the Executive Office for Im-migration Review, and enforcement of U.S. customs and trade laws. At least 50 of these additional attorney positions shall be used by the Attorney General to increase the number of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement attorneys serving as Special Assistant U.S. Attorneys, on detail to the Department of Justice, Offices of the U.S. Attorneys, to assist with immigration-re-lated litigation. (B) USCIS 
IMMIGRATION ATTORNEYS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing at-torney vacancies within the Department of Homeland Security on such date of enact-ment, the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall increase the number of trained, full-time, active duty Of-fice of Chief Counsel attorneys by not fewer than 250. Such attorneys shall primarily handle national security and public safety cases, denaturalization cases, and legal suffi-ciency reviews of immigration benefit deci-sions. At least 50 of these additional attor-ney positions shall be used by the Attorney General to increase the number of U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Service attorneys serving as Special Assistant U.S. Attorneys, on detail to the Department of Justice, Of-fices of the U.S. Attorneys, to assist with immigration-related litigation. (C) F
ACILITIES AND SUPPORT PERSONNEL .— The Attorney General and Secretary are au-thorized to procure space, temporary facili-ties, and to hire the required administrative and legal support staff, on an expedited basis, to accommodate the additional posi-tions authorized under this paragraph. (D) A
UTHORITY TO ACQUIRE LEASEHOLD .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may acquire a leasehold inter-est in real property, and may provide in a lease entered into under this subparagraph for the construction or modification of any facility on the leased property, if Secretary determines that the acquisition of such in-terest, and such construction or modifica-tion, are necessary in order to facilitate the implementation of this Act. (E) USE OF USCIS FEE FUNDS .—Adjudication fees described in section 286(m) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)) may not be used to pay for the cost of employing or contracting for the services of any person who is not an employee or con-tractor of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services or the Department of Homeland Se-curity’s Administrative Appeals Office. (c) D
EPARTMENT OF STATE .— (1) V
ISA SPECIALISTS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing attorney vacan-cies within the Department on such date of enactment, the Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs shall increase the num-ber of trained, full-time analysts within the Bureau of Consular Affairs by not fewer than 50. Such analysts primarily should handle and advise on cases and matters involving the potential for visa denial on the basis of national security and public safety concerns. (2) I
MMIGRATION ATTORNEYS .—By not later than September 30, 2022, in addition to posi-tions authorized before the date of the enact-ment of this Act and any existing attorney vacancies within the Department on such date of enactment, the Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs shall increase the number of trained, full-time, active at-torneys adviser within the Bureau of Con-sular Affairs by not fewer than 25. Such at-torneys primarily should handle and advise on cases and matters involving the potential for visa denial on the basis of national secu-rity and public safety concerns. (3) F
OREIGN SERVICE CONSULAR FELLOWS  
PROGRAM .—By not later than September 30, 2020, the Secretary of State shall— (A) increase the number of Consular Fel-lows to double the number of Consular Fel-lows employed as of the date of the enact-ment of this Act; (B) offer Consular Fellows permanent ca-reer appointments; and (C) make language training available to Consular Fellows for assignment to posts outside of their area of core linguistic abil-ity. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SEC. 1149. JUDICIAL RESOURCES FOR BORDER SECURITY. 
(a) B ORDER CROSSING PROSECUTIONS ; CRIMI-
NALCONSEQUENCE INITIATIVE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to paragraph (3) shall be used— (A) to increase the number of criminal prosecutions for unlawful border crossing in each and every sector of the southern border by not less than 80 percent per day, as com-pared to the average number of such prosecu-tions per day during the 12-month period pre-ceding the date of the enactment of this Act, by increasing funding for— (i) attorneys and administrative support staff in offices of United States attorneys; (ii) support staff and interpreters in court clerks’ offices; (iii) pre-trial services; (iv) activities of the Office of the Federal Public Defender, including payments to re-tain appointed counsel under section 3006A of title 18, United States Code; and (v) additional personnel, including deputy United States marshals in the United States Marshals Service, to perform intake, coordi-nation, transportation, and court security; and (B) to reimburse Federal, State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies for any de-tention costs related to the increased border crossing prosecutions carried out pursuant to subparagraph (A). (2) ADDITIONAL MAGISTRATE JUDGES TO AS -
SIST WITH INCREASED CASELOAD .—The chief judge of each judicial district located within a sector of the southern border is authorized to appoint additional full-time magistrate judges, who, consistent with the Constitu-tion and laws of the United States, shall have the authority to hear cases and con-troversies in the judicial district in which the magistrate judges are appointed. (3) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, such sums as may be necessary to carry out this subsection. (b) A
DDITIONAL PERMANENT DISTRICT COURT  J
UDGESHIPS IN SOUTHERN BORDER STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The President shall ap-point, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate— (A) 4 additional district judges for the Dis-trict of Arizona; (B) 2 additional district judges for the Southern District of California; (C) 4 additional district judges for the Western District of Texas; and (D) 2 additional district judges for the Southern District of Texas. (2) C
ONVERSIONS OF TEMPORARY DISTRICT  
COURT JUDGESHIPS .—The judgeships for the District of Arizona and the Central District of California authorized under section 312(c) of the 21st Century Department of Justice Appropriations Authorization Act (28 U.S.C. 133 note), in existence on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall be authorized under section 133 of title 28, United States Code, and the individuals hold-ing such judgeships on such day shall hold office under section 133 of title 28, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (3). (3) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The table contained in section 133(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to the district of Arizona and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘Arizona ...................................................................................................................... ............................................................................................................................... 17’’; (B) by striking the items relating to Cali-fornia and inserting the following : ‘‘California: Northern ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 9 Eastern ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 12 Central ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 28 Southern ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 5’’; and (C) by striking the items relating to Texas and inserting the following : ‘‘Texas: Northern ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 1 2 Southern ....................................................................................................................... .............................................................................................................................. 2 1 Eastern ........................................................................................................................ ............................................................................................................................... 7 Western ........................................................................................................................ .............................................................................................................................. 1 7’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00067 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES996 February 14, 2018 
(c) I NCREASE IN FILING FEES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 1914(a) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘$350’’ and inserting ‘‘$375’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘$5’’ and inserting ‘‘$7’’. (2) E
XPENDITURE LIMITATION .—Incremental amounts collected pursuant to the amend-ments made by paragraph (1)— (A) shall be deposited as offsetting receipts in the special fund of the Treasury estab-lished under section 1931 of title 28, United States Code; and (B) shall be available solely for the purpose of facilitating the processing of civil cases, but only to the extent specifically appro-priated by an Act of Congress enacted after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1150. REIMBURSEMENT TO STATE AND LOCAL PROSECUTORS FOR FEDER-ALLY INITIATED, IMMIGRATION-RE-LATED CRIMINAL CASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall reimburse State, county, tribal, and municipal governments for costs associated with the prosecution of federally initiated criminal cases declined to be prosecuted by local offices of the United States attorneys, including costs relating to pre-trial services, detention, clerical support, and public de-fenders’ services associated to such prosecu-tion. (b) E
XCEPTION .—Reimbursement under sub-section (a) shall not be available, at the dis-cretion of the Attorney General, if the At-torney General determines that there is rea-son to believe that the jurisdiction seeking reimbursement has engaged in unlawful con-duct in connection with immigration-related apprehensions. CHAPTER 3—GRANTS 
SEC. 1151. STATE CRIMINAL ALIEN ASSISTANCE PROGRAM. 
Section 241(i) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘A
UTHORIZATION .—’’ before ‘‘If the chief’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or an alien with an un-known status’’ after ‘‘undocumented crimi-nal alien’’ each place that term appears; (2) by striking paragraphs (2) and (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) C
OMPENSATION .— ‘‘(A) C
ALCULATION OF COMPENSATION .—Com- pensation under paragraph (1)(A) shall be the average cost of incarceration of a prisoner in the relevant State, as determined by the At-torney General. ‘‘(B) C
OMPENSATION OF STATE FOR INCARCER -
ATION .—The Attorney General shall com-pensate the State or political subdivision of the State, in accordance with subparagraph (A), for the incarceration of an alien— ‘‘(i) whose immigration status cannot be verified by the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) who would otherwise be an undocu-mented criminal alien if the alien is unlaw-fully present in the United States. ‘‘(3) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) A
LIEN WITH AN UNKNOWN STATUS .—The term ‘alien with an unknown status’ means an individual— ‘‘(i) who has been incarcerated by a Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement entity; and ‘‘(ii) whose immigration status cannot be definitively identified. ‘‘(B) U
NDOCUMENTED CRIMINAL ALIEN .—The term ‘undocumented criminal alien’ means an alien who— ‘‘(i) has been charged with or convicted of a felony or any misdemeanors; and ‘‘(ii)(I) entered the United States without inspection or at any time or place other than as designated by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) was the subject of exclusion or depor-tation or removal proceedings at the time he or she was taken into custody by the State or a political subdivision of the State; or ‘‘(III) was admitted as a nonimmigrant and, at the time he or she was taken into custody by the State or a political subdivi-sion of the State, has failed to maintain the nonimmigrant status in which the alien was admitted or to which it was changed under section 248, or to comply with the conditions of any such status.’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and aliens with an unknown status’’ after ‘‘un-documented criminal aliens’’ each place that term appears; (4) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘to carry out this subsection’’ and all that fol-lows and inserting ‘‘$950,000,000, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, to carry out this subsection.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) DISTRIBUTION OF REIMBURSEMENT .— Any amounts provided to a State or to a po-litical subdivision of a State as compensa-tion under paragraph (1)(A) for a fiscal year shall be distributed to such State or political subdivision not later than 120 days after the last day of the period specified by the Attor-ney General for the submission of requests under that paragraph for that fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 1152. SOUTHERN BORDER SECURITY ASSIST-ANCE GRANTS. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with State and local law enforce-ment agencies, may award border security assistance grants to law enforcement agen-cies located in the Southwest border region for the purposes described in subsection (b). (2) P
RIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give pri-ority to law enforcement agencies located in a county that is located within 25 miles of the Southern border. (b) P
URPOSES .—Each grant awarded under subsection (a) shall be used to address drug trafficking, smuggling, and border violence— (1) by obtaining law enforcement equip-ment and tools, including secure 2-way com-munication devices, portable laptops and of-fice computers, license plate readers, un-manned aerial vehicles, unmanned aircraft systems, manned aircraft, cameras with night viewing capabilities, and any other ap-propriate law enforcement equipment; (2) by hiring additional personnel, includ-ing administrative support personnel, dis-patchers, and jailers, and to provide over-time pay for such personnel; (3) by purchasing law enforcement vehi-cles; (4) by providing high performance aircraft and helicopters for border surveillance and other critical mission applications and pay-ing for the operational and maintenance costs associated with such craft; (5) by providing critical power generation systems, infrastructure, and technological upgrades to support State and local data management systems and fusion centers; or (6) by providing specialized training and paying for the direct operating expenses as-sociated with detecting and prosecuting drug trafficking, human smuggling, and other il-legal activity or violence that occurs at or near the Southern border. (c) A
PPLICATION .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—A law enforcement agency seeking a grant under subsection (a), or a nonprofit organization or coalition act-ing as an agent for 1 or more such law en-forcement entities, shall submit an applica-tion to the Secretary that includes the infor-mation described in paragraph (2) at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. (2) C
ONTENT .—Each application submitted under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of the activities to be car-ried out with a grant awarded under sub-section (a); (B) if equipment will be purchased with the grant, a detailed description of— (i) the type and quantity of such equip-ment; and (ii) the personnel who will be using such equipment; (C) a description of the need of the law en-forcement agency or agencies for the grant, including a description of the inability of the agency or agencies to carry out the proposed activities without the grant; and (D) an assurance that the agency or agen-cies will, to the extent practicable, seek, re-cruit, and hire women and members of racial and ethnic minority groups in law enforce-ment positions of the agency or agencies. (d) REVIEW AND AWARD .— (1) R
EVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after receiving an application submitted under subsection (c), the Secretary shall review and approve or reject the application. (2) A
WARD OF FUNDS .—Subject to the avail-ability of appropriations, not later than 45 days after the date an application is ap-proved under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall transmit the grant funds to the appli-cant. (3) P
RIORITY .—In distributing grant funds under this subsection, priority shall be given to high-intensity areas for drug trafficking, smuggling, and border violence. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, $300,000,000 for grants authorized under this section. 
SEC. 1153. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’, under which the Secretary, acting through the Adminis-trator, shall make grants to eligible law en-forcement agencies, through the State ad-ministrative agency, to enhance border secu-rity in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency— ‘‘(1) shall be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) shall be involved in an active, ongoing, U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ation coordinated through a U.S. Border Pa-trol sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for— ‘‘(1) equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs; ‘‘(2) personnel, including overtime and backfill, in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities; ‘‘(3) any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s most recent Homeland Secu-rity Grant Program Notice of Funding Op-portunity; and ‘‘(4) any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award grants under this section 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:14 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00068 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S997 February 14, 2018 
to grant recipients for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—For each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives containing information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $110,000,000, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, for grants under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2002(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
SEC. 1154. GRANTS FOR IDENTIFICATION OF VIC-TIMS OF CROSS-BORDER HUMAN SMUGGLING. 
In addition to any funding for grants made available to the Attorney General for State and local law enforcement assistance, the Attorney General shall award grants to county, municipal, or tribal governments in States along the southern border for costs, or reimbursement of costs, associated with the transportation and processing of uniden-tified alien remains that have been trans-ferred to an official medical examiner’s of-fice or an institution of higher education in the area with the capacity to analyze human remains using forensic best practices, includ-ing DNA testing, where such expenses may contribute to the collection and analysis of information pertaining to missing and un-identified persons. 
SEC. 1155. GRANT ACCOUNTABILITY. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
WARDING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘awarding entity’’ means the Secretary, the Adminis-trator of the Federal Emergency Manage-ment Agency, the Director of the National Science Foundation, or the Chief of the Of-fice of Citizenship and New Americans. (2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘‘nonprofit organization’’ means an organiza-tion that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is ex-empt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. (3) U
NRESOLVED AUDIT FINDING .—The term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means a finding in a final audit report conducted by the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security, or the Inspector General for the National Science Foundation for grants awarded by the Director of the National Science Foundation, that the audited grant-ee has utilized grant funds for an unauthor-ized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved within 1 year after the date when the final audit re-port is issued. (b) A
CCOUNTABILITY .—All grants awarded by an awarding entity pursuant to this sub-title shall be subject to the following ac-countability provisions: (1) A
UDIT REQUIREMENT .— (A) A
UDITS .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enact-ment of this Act, and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Inspector General of the De-partment of Homeland Security, or the In-spector General for the National Science Foundation for grants awarded by the Direc-tor of the National Science Foundation, shall conduct audits of recipients of grants under this subtitle or any amendments made by this subtitle to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds by grantees. Such Inspectors General shall determine the appropriate number of grantees to be audited each year. (B) MANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A recipient of grant funds under this subtitle that is found to have an unresolved audit finding shall not be eligible to receive grant funds under this subtitle or any amendment made by this subtitle during the first 2 fiscal years begin-ning after the end of the fiscal year in which a finding described in subsection (A) was dis-covered. (C) P
RIORITY .—In awarding a grant under this subtitle or any amendment made by this subtitle, the awarding entity shall give pri-ority to eligible applicants that did not have an unresolved audit finding during the 3 fis-cal years immediately preceding the date on which the entity submitted the application for such grant. (D) R
EIMBURSEMENT .—If an entity is award-ed grant funds under this subtitle or any amendment made by this subtitle during the 2-year period when the entity is barred from receiving grants under subparagraph (B), the awarding entity shall— (i) deposit an amount equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to such entity into the general fund of the Treasury; and (ii) seek to recover the costs of the repay-ment under clause (i) from such entity. (2) N
ONPROFIT ORGANIZATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .— (A) P
ROHIBITION .—An awarding entity may not award a grant under this subtitle or any amendment made by this subtitle to a non-profit organization that holds money in off-shore accounts for the purpose of avoiding the tax imposed under section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (B) D
ISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organiza-tion that is awarded a grant under this sub-title or any amendment made by this sub-title and uses the procedures prescribed by Internal Revenue regulations to create a re-buttable presumption of reasonableness for the compensation of its officers, directors, trustees, and key employees, shall disclose to the awarding entity, in the application for the grant, the process for determining such compensation, including the independent persons involved in reviewing and approving such compensation, the comparability data used, and contemporaneous substantiation of the deliberation and decision. Upon request, the awarding entity shall make the informa-tion disclosed under this subparagraph avail-able for public inspection. (3) C
ONFERENCE EXPENDITURES .— (A) L
IMITATION .—Amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security or the National Science Foundation for grant programs under this subtitle or any amendment made by this subtitle may not be used by an awarding entity to host or sup-port any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in funds made avail-able by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity or the National Science Foundation un-less the Deputy Secretary for Homeland Se-curity, or the Deputy Director of the Na-tional Science Foundation, or their designee, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host the con-ference. (B) W
RITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subparagraph (A) shall include a writ-ten estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food, beverages, audio-visual equipment, hono-raria for speakers, and entertainment. (C) REPORT .—The Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security and the Deputy Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit an annual report to Congress that identifies all conference expenditures ap-proved under this paragraph. (4) A
NNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Beginning in the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, each awarding entity shall sub-mit a report to Congress that— (A) indicates whether— (i) all audits issued by the Offices of the In-spector General under paragraph (1) have been completed and reviewed by the appro-priate individuals; (ii) all mandatory exclusions required under paragraph (1)(B) have been issued; and (iii) all reimbursements required under paragraph (1)(D) have been made; and (B) includes a list of any grant recipients excluded under paragraph (1) during the pre-vious year. Subtitle B—Emergency Port of Entry Personnel and Infrastructure Funding 
SEC. 1201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Finance of the Sen-ate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 1202. PORTS OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PORTS OF ENTRY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—Subject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, the Adminis-trator of General Services may construct new ports of entry along the northern border and along the southern border at locations determined by the Secretary. (2) C
ONSULTATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONSULT .—The Sec- retary shall consult with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Transportation, the Administrator of Gen-eral Services, and appropriate representa-tives of State and local governments, Indian tribes, and property owners in the United States prior to determining a location for any new port constructed pursuant to para-graph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The purpose of the consultations required under subparagraph (A) shall be to minimize any negative im-pacts of such a new port on the environment, culture, commerce, and quality of life of the communities and residents located near such new port. (b) E
XPANSION AND MODERNIZATION OF HIGH- 
VOLUME SOUTHERN BORDER PORTS OF  E
NTRY .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Administrator of General Services, sub-ject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, and in coordination with the Sec-retary, shall expand or modernize high-pri-ority ports of entry on the southern border, as determined by the Secretary, for the pur-poses of reducing wait times and enhancing security. (c) P
ORT OF ENTRY PRIORITIZATION .—Prior to constructing any new ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (a), the Administrator of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00069 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES998 February 14, 2018 
General Services shall complete the expan-sion and modernization of ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (b), to the extent prac-ticable. (d) N
OTIFICATIONS .— (1) R
ELATING TO NEW PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 15 days after determining the lo-cation of any new port of entry for construc-tion pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Members of Congress who represent the State or congres-sional district in which such new port of entry will be located, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on Fi-nance of the Senate, the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. Such notification shall include— (A) information relating to the location of such new port of entry; (B) a description of the need for such new port of entry and associated anticipated ben-efits; (C) a description of the consultations un-dertaken by the Secretary and the Adminis-trator pursuant to subsection (a)(2)(A); (D) any actions that will be taken to mini-mize negative impacts of such new port of entry; and (E) the anticipated time line for the con-struction and completion of such new port of entry. (2) E
XPANSION AND MODERNIZATION OF PORTS  
OF ENTRY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the congres-sional committees listed in paragraph (1) of— (A) the ports of entry on the southern bor-der selected for expansion or modernization pursuant to subsection (b); and (B) the plan of the Secretary and the Ad-ministrator for expanding or modernizing each such port of entry. (e) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— (1) to create or negate any right of action for a State, local government, or other per-son or entity affected by this section; (2) to delay the transfer of the possession of property to the United States; (3) to affect the validity of any property acquisitions by purchase or eminent domain or to otherwise affect the eminent domain laws of the United States or of any State; or (4) to create any right or liability for any party. (f) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as providing the Secretary new authority related to the con-struction, acquisition, or renovation of real property. 
SEC. 1203. SECURE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officer or agent, if appropriate, is equipped with a secure radio or other 2- way communication device, supported by system interoperability, that allows each such officer to communicate— (1) between ports of entry and inspection stations; and (2) with other Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement entities. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that each U.S. Customs and Border Protection agent or officer as-signed or required to patrol on foot, by horseback, or with a canine unit, in remote mission critical locations, and at border checkpoints, has a multi- or dual-band encrypted portable radio. SEC. 1204. BORDER SECURITY DEPLOYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E XPANSION .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall fully implement U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s Border Security Deployment Program and expand the integrated surveillance and intrusion de-tection system at land ports of entry along the southern border and the northern border. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $33,000,000, for each of the fiscal year 2018 through 2022, to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 1205. PILOT AND UPGRADE OF LICENSE PLATE READERS AT PORTS OF ENTRY. 
(a) U PGRADE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall upgrade all existing license plate readers on the northern border and on the southern border on incoming and out-going vehicle lanes. (b) P
ILOT PROGRAM .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall conduct a 1-month pilot program on the southern border using li-cense plate readers for 1 to 2 cargo lanes at the top 2 high-volume southern border land ports of entry or checkpoints and at the top 2 high-volume northern border land ports of entry or checkpoints to determine their ef-fectiveness in reducing cross-border wait times for commercial traffic and tractor- trailers. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that contains the results of the pilot program under subsection (b) and makes recommendations for using the tech-nology described in such subsection on the southern border. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $125,000,000 for the 2-year period ending on September 30, 2019, to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 1206. BIOMETRIC TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) B IOMETRIC STORAGE .— (1) C
REATION OR EXPANSION OF SYSTEM .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall create a system (or upgrade and expand the capability and capacity of an existing sys-tem, if a Department of Homeland Security system already has capability and capacity for storage) to allow for the storage of fin-gerprints, photographs, iris scans, voice prints, and any other biometric data of aliens that can be used by the Department of Homeland Security, other Federal agencies, and State and local law enforcement agen-cies for identity verification, authentication, background checks, and document produc-tion. (2) C
OMPATIBILITY .—The Secretary shall ensure, to the extent possible, that the sys-tem created or expanded under paragraph (1) is compatible with existing State and local law enforcement systems that are used for the collection and storage of biometric data for criminal aliens. (b) PILOT PROGRAM .—When the system cre-ated under subsection (a) is operational, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall conduct a 6-month pilot program on the collection and use of iris scans and voice prints for identity verification, authentica-tion, background checks, and document pro-duction. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 6 months after the conclusion of the pilot program under subsection (b), the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the pilot program and recommendations for using such technology to— (1) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (2) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (3) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (4) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated, there are authorized to be appropriated, for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, $10,000,000 carry out this sec-tion. 
SEC. 1207. NONINTRUSIVE INSPECTION OPER-ATIONAL DEMONSTRATION PROJECT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a 6-month operational demonstration project to deploy a high-throughput nonintrusive passenger vehicle inspection system at not fewer than 3 land ports of entry along the United States-Mexico border with significant cross-border traffic. (2) L
OCATION .—The demonstration project established under paragraph (1)— (A) shall be located within the pre-primary traffic flow; and (B) should be scalable to span up to 26 con-tiguous in-bound traffic lanes without recon-figuration of existing lanes. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the operational demonstra-tion project under subsection (a), the Com-missioner shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Finance of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives that describes— (1) the effects of the demonstration project on legitimate travel and trade; (2) the effects of the demonstration project on wait times, including processing times, for non-pedestrian traffic; and (3) the effectiveness of the demonstration project in combating terrorism and smug-gling. 
SEC. 1208. BIOMETRIC EXIT DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by inserting after sec-tion 415 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 416. BIOMETRIC ENTRY-EXIT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, shall sub-mit an implementation plan to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00070 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S999 February 14, 2018 
Judiciary of the House of Representatives for establishing a biometric exit data system to complete the integrated biometric entry and exit data system required under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), in-cluding— ‘‘(A) an integrated master schedule and cost estimate, including requirements and design, development, operational, and main-tenance costs of such a system, that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Accountability Of-fice and the Department; ‘‘(B) cost-effective staffing and personnel requirements of such a system that leverages existing resources of the Department that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(C) a consideration of training programs necessary to establish such a system that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(D) a consideration of how such a system will affect arrival and departure wait times that takes into account prior reports on such matter issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(E) information received after consulta-tion with private sector stakeholders, in-cluding the— ‘‘(i) trucking industry; ‘‘(ii) airport industry; ‘‘(iii) airline industry; ‘‘(iv) seaport industry; ‘‘(v) travel industry; and ‘‘(vi) biometric technology industry; ‘‘(F) a consideration of how trusted trav-eler programs in existence as of the date of the enactment of this section may be im-pacted by, or incorporated into, such a sys-tem; ‘‘(G) defined metrics of success and mile-stones; ‘‘(H) identified risks and mitigation strate-gies to address such risks; ‘‘(I) a consideration of how other countries have implemented a biometric exit data sys-tem; and ‘‘(J) a list of statutory, regulatory, or ad-ministrative authorities needed to integrate such a system into the operations of the Transportation Security Administration; and ‘‘(2) not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this section, shall establish a biometric exit data system at— ‘‘(A) the 15 United States airports that sup-port the highest volume of international air travel, as determined by available Federal flight data; ‘‘(B) the 10 United States seaports that support the highest volume of international sea travel, as determined by available Fed-eral travel data; and ‘‘(C) the 15 United States land ports of entry that support the highest volume of ve-hicle, pedestrian, and cargo crossings, as de-termined by available Federal border cross-ing data. ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAM AT LAND PORTS OF  
ENTRY .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in collaboration with industry stakeholders, shall establish a 6-month pilot program to test the biometric exit data sys-tem referred to in subsection (a)(2) on non-pedestrian outbound traffic at not fewer than 3 land ports of entry with significant cross-border traffic, including at not fewer than 2 land ports of entry on the southern land border and at least 1 land port of entry on the northern land border. Such pilot pro-gram may include a consideration of more than 1 biometric mode, and shall be imple-mented to determine— ‘‘(A) how a nationwide implementation of such biometric exit data system at land ports of entry shall be carried out; ‘‘(B) the infrastructure required to carry out subparagraph (A); ‘‘(C) the effects of such pilot program on legitimate travel and trade; ‘‘(D) the effects of such pilot program on wait times, including processing times, for such nonpedestrian traffic; ‘‘(E) the effects of such pilot program on combating terrorism; and ‘‘(F) the effects of such pilot program on identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(2) EXPANSION TO LAND PORTS OF ENTRY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this sec-tion, the Secretary shall expand the biomet-ric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) to all land ports of entry. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend, for a single 2-year period, the date specified in subparagraph (A) if the Sec-retary certifies to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that the 15 land ports of entry that support the highest vol-ume of passenger vehicles, as determined by available Federal data, do not have the phys-ical infrastructure or characteristics to in-stall the systems necessary to implement a biometric exit data system. Such extension shall only apply to nonpedestrian outbound traffic. ‘‘(3) E
XPANSION TO AIR AND SEA PORTS OF  
ENTRY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Sec-retary shall expand the biometric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) to all air and sea ports of entry. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTS ON AIR, S EA, AND LAND T
RANSPORTATION .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with appropriate private sector stakeholders, shall ensure that the collec-tion of biometric data under this section causes the least possible disruption to the movement of people or cargo in air, sea, or land transportation, while fulfilling the goals of improving counterterrorism efforts and identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION OF PROCEEDING .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall, on the date of the enact-ment of this section, terminate the pro-ceeding entitled ‘Collection of Alien Biomet-ric Data Upon Exit From the United States at Air and Sea Ports of Departure; United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indi-cator Technology Program (‘‘US-VISIT’’)’, issued on April 24, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 22065). ‘‘(e) D
ATA-MATCHING .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall— ‘‘(1) match biometric information for an individual who is departing the United States against biometric data previously provided to the United States Government by such individual for the purposes of inter-national travel; ‘‘(2) leverage the infrastructure and data-bases of the current biometric entry and exit system established pursuant to section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b) for the purpose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) be interoperable with, and allow matching against, other Federal databases that— ‘‘(A) store biometrics of known or sus-pected terrorists; and ‘‘(B) identify visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(f) SCOPE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall include a requirement for the collection of biometric exit data at the time of departure for all categories of individuals who are re-quired by the Secretary to provide biometric entry data. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN OTHER INDIVID -
UALS .—This section shall not apply in the case of an individual who exits and then en-ters the United States on a passenger vessel (as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) the itinerary of which originates and terminates in the United States. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR LAND PORTS OF ENTRY .— This section shall not apply in the case of a United States or Canadian citizen who exits the United States through a land port of entry. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION OF DATA.—The Secretary may not require any entity that is not part of the Federal Government to collect bio-metric data, or to contribute to the costs of collecting or administering the biometric exit data system established under this sec-tion, except through a mutual agreement. ‘‘(h) M
ULTI-MODAL COLLECTION .—In car- rying out subsections (a)(1) and (b), the Sec-retary shall make every effort to collect bio-metric data using multiple modes of bio-metrics. ‘‘(i) F
ACILITIES .—All facilities at which the biometric exit data system established under this section is implemented shall provide and maintain space for Federal use that is adequate to support biometric data collec-tion and other inspection-related activity. For non-federally owned facilities, such space shall be provided and maintained at no cost to the Government. ‘‘(j) N
ORTHERN LANDBORDER .—The require-ments under subsections (a)(2)(C) and (b)(2)(A) may be achieved on the northern land border through the sharing of biometric data provided to the Department by the Ca-nadian Border Services Agency pursuant to the 2011 Beyond the Border agreement. ‘‘(k) F
ULL AND OPEN COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall procure goods and services to implement this section through full and open competition in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation. ‘‘(l) O
THER BIOMETRIC INITIATIVES .—The Secretary may pursue biometric initiatives at air, land, and sea ports of entry for the purposes of border security and trade facili-tation distinct from the biometric exit data system described in this section. ‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit reports and recommendations to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives re-garding the Science and Technology Direc-torate’s Air Entry and Exit Re-Engineering Program of the Department and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection entry and exit mobility program demonstrations. ‘‘(n) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to prohibit the collec-tion of user fees permitted by section 13031 of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconcili-ation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 415 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 416. Biometric entry-exit.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00071 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1000 February 14, 2018 
SEC. 1209. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERA-TION BETWEEN AGENCIES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that personnel constraints exist at land ports of entry with regard to sanitary and phytosanitary inspec-tions for exported goods. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in the best interest of cross- border trade and the agricultural commu-nity— (1) any lack of certified personnel for in-spection purposes at ports of entry should be addressed by seeking cooperation between agencies and departments of the United States, whether in the form of a memo-randum of understanding or through a cer-tification process, whereby additional exist-ing agents are authorized for additional hours to facilitate the crossing and trade of perishable goods in a manner consistent with rules of the Department of Agriculture; and (2) cross designation should be available for personnel who will assist more than 1 agency or department at land ports of entry to facilitate increased trade and commerce. Subtitle C—Border Security Enforcement Fund 
SEC. 1301. BORDER SECURITY ENFORCEMENT FUND. 
(a) P URPOSE .—There shall be established in the Treasury of the United States a Border Security Enforcement Fund (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Fund’’), to be adminis-tered through the Department of Homeland Security and, in fiscal year 2018 only, through the Department of State only with respect to section 1120, which shall be avail-able to carry out activities necessary to im-plement this Act and other Acts related to border security, including— (1) the design, planning, construction, in-stallation, deployment, operation, and main-tenance of tactical infrastructure, tech-nology, including physical barriers, and nec-essary mobility access and personnel support infrastructure in the vicinity of the United States border— (A) to achieve situational awareness and operational control of such border; (B) to deter, impede, and detect illegal ac-tivity; or (C) to implement other border security provisions under titles I and II; (2) the implementation of port of entry provisions under titles I and II; (3) the purchase of new aircraft, vessels, spare parts, and equipment to maintain such craft; and (4) hiring and recruitment. (b) F
UNDING .—There are appropriated to the Fund, out of any amounts in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, $25,000,000,000, of which— (1) $2,947,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2022; (2) $2,225,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2023; (3) $2,467,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2020, and shall remain available through September 30, 2024; (4) $2,644,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2021, and shall remain available through September 30, 2025; (5) $2,862,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2022, and shall remain available through September 30, 2026; (6) $2,370,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2023, and shall remain available through September 30, 2027; (7) $2,371,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2024, and shall remain available through September 30, 2028; (8) $2,401,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2025, and shall remain available through September 30, 2029; (9) $2,371,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2026, and shall remain available through September 30, 2030; and (10) $2,342,000,000 is appropriated for fiscal year 2027, and shall remain available through September 30, 2031. (c) TACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— (1) T
RANSFERS .—The Secretary shall trans-fer, from the Fund to the ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construc-tion and Improvements’’ account, for the purpose described in subsection (a)(1), $18,000,000,000, of which— (A) $1,571,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2018; (B) $1,600,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2019; (C) $1,842,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2020; (D) $2,019,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2021; (E) $2,237,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2022; (F) $1,745,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2023; (G) $1,746,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2024; (H) $1,776,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2025; (I) $1,746,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2026; and (J) $1,718,000,000 shall be transferred in fis-cal year 2027. (2) A
VAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith- standing section 1532 of title 31, United States Code, any amounts transferred pursu-ant to paragraph (1) shall merge with the ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Pro-curement, Construction and Improvements’’ account and remain available until ex-pended. (d) T
RANSFER TO DEPARTMENT OF STATE .— During fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall transfer $200,000,000 to the Secretary of State to implement section 1120. (e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—In addition to the amounts transferred by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (c) and to the Sec-retary of State pursuant to subsection (d), the Committee on Appropriations of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives may provide, in a subsequent appropriation, for the transfer of amounts in the Fund to the Department of Homeland Security to eligible activities under this section. (f) U
SE OF FUND.—If the Committee on Ap-propriations of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives do not provide for the full transfer of funds pursuant to subsection (e) in an appropriation enacted in the fiscal year in which such funds are made available from the Fund pursuant to subsection (b), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security may transfer any remaining amounts in the Fund to ac-counts within the Department of Homeland Security for eligible activities under this section. Subtitle D—Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act 
SEC. 1401. SHORT TITLES. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SITSA Act’’. 
SEC. 1402. ESTABLISHMENT OF SCHEDULE A. 
Section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 812) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘five schedules of controlled substances, to be known as schedules I, II, III, IV, and V’’ and inserting ‘‘six schedules of controlled sub-stances, to be known as schedules I, II, III, IV, V, and A’’; (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) S
CHEDULE A.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The drug or substance— ‘‘(i) has— ‘‘(I) a chemical structure that is substan-tially similar to the chemical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I, II, III, IV, or V; and ‘‘(II) an actual or predicted stimulant, de-pressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the cen-tral nervous system that is substantially similar to or greater than the stimulant, de-pressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the cen-tral nervous system of a controlled sub-stance in schedule I, II, III, IV, or V; and ‘‘(ii) is not— ‘‘(I) listed or otherwise included in any other schedule in this section or by regula-tion of the Attorney General; and ‘‘(II) with respect to a particular person, subject to an exemption that is in effect for investigational use, for that person, under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355) to the extent conduct with respect to such substance is pursuant to such exemption. ‘‘(B) P
REDICTED STIMULANT , DEPRESSANT , 
OR HALLUCINOGENIC EFFECT .—For purpose of this paragraph, a predicted stimulant, de-pressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the cen-tral nervous system may be based on— ‘‘(i) the chemical structure, structure ac-tivity relationships, binding receptor assays, or other relevant scientific information about the substance; ‘‘(ii)(I) the current or relative potential for abuse of the substance; and ‘‘(II) the clandestine importation, manu-facture, or distribution, or diversion from le-gitimate channels, of the substance; or ‘‘(iii) the capacity of the substance to cause a state of dependence, including phys-ical or psychological dependence that is similar to or greater than that of a con-trolled substance in schedule I, II, III, IV, or V.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding schedule I, by striking ‘‘IV, and V’’ and inserting ‘‘IV, V, and A’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘
SCHEDULE A  ‘‘(a) Unless specifically excepted or unless listed in another schedule, any of the fol-lowing substances, as scheduled in accord-ance with section 201(k)(5): ‘‘(1) 4-fluoroisobutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(2) Valeryl fentanyl. ‘‘(3) 4-methoxybutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(4) 4-methylphenethyl acetyl fentanyl. ‘‘(5) 3-furanyl fentanyl. ‘‘(6) Ortho-fluorofentanyl. ‘‘(7) Tetrahydrofuranyl fentanyl. ‘‘(8) Ocfentanil. ‘‘(9) 4-fluorobutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(10) Methoxyacetyl fentanyl. ‘‘(11) Meta-fluorofentanyl. ‘‘(12) Isobutyryl fentanyl. ‘‘(13) Acryl fentanyl.’’. 
SEC. 1403. TEMPORARY AND PERMANENT SCHED-ULING OF SCHEDULE A SUB-STANCES. 
Section 201 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) T
EMPORARY AND PERMANENT SCHED -
ULING OF SCHEDULE A SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) The Attorney General may issue a temporary order adding a drug or substance to schedule A if the Attorney General finds that— ‘‘(A) the drug or other substance satisfies the criteria for being considered a schedule A substance; and ‘‘(B) adding such drug or substance to schedule A will assist in preventing abuse or misuse of the drug or other substance. ‘‘(2)(A) A temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) shall not take ef-fect until 30 days after the date on which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00072 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1001 February 14, 2018 
Attorney General publishes a notice in the Federal Register of the intention to issue such order and the grounds upon which such order is to be issued. ‘‘(B) The Attorney General may amend, withdraw, or rescind a temporary scheduling order at any time by publication of a notice in the Federal Register. ‘‘(C) Subject to paragraph (B), the tem-porary scheduling order shall expire not later than 5 years after the date on which it becomes effective, except that the Attorney General may, during the pendency of pro-ceedings under paragraph (5), extend the temporary scheduling order for up to 180 days. ‘‘(3) A temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) shall be vacated upon the issuance of a permanent order issued under paragraph (5) with regard to the same substance, or upon the subsequent issuance of any scheduling order under this section. ‘‘(4) A temporary scheduling order issued under paragraph (1) shall not be subject to judicial review. ‘‘(5) The Attorney General may, by rule, issue a permanent order adding a drug or other substance to schedule A if such drug or substance satisfies the criteria for being con-sidered a schedule A substance. Such rule-making may be commenced simultaneously with the issuance of the temporary sched-uling order issued under paragraph (1) with regard to the same substance. ‘‘(6) Before initiating proceedings under paragraph (1) or (5), the Attorney General shall transmit notice of an order proposed to be issued to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. In issuing an order under paragraph (1) or (5), the Attorney General shall take into consideration any comments submitted by the Secretary of Health and Human Services in response to a notice transmitted pursuant to this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 1404. PENALTIES. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—The Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 401(b)(1) (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F)(i) In the case of any controlled sub-stance in schedule A, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 10 years and if death or serious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of im-prisonment of not more than 15 years, a fine not to exceed the greater of that authorized in accordance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or $500,000 if the defend-ant is an individual or $2,500,000 if the de-fendant is other than an individual, or both. ‘‘(ii) If any person commits such a viola-tion after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 20 years and if death or se-rious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 30 years, a fine not to exceed the greater of twice that authorized in accordance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or $1,000,000 if the defendant is an individual or $5,000,000 if the defendant is other than an individual, or both. ‘‘(iii) Any sentence imposing a term of im-prisonment under this subparagraph shall, in the absence of such a prior conviction, im-pose a term of supervised release of not less than 2 years in addition to such term of im-prisonment and shall, if there was such a prior conviction, impose a term of supervised release of not less than 4 years in addition to such term of imprisonment.’’; (2) in section 403(a) (21 U.S.C. 843(a))— (A) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) to export a substance in violation of the controlled substance laws of the country to which the substance is exported.’’; and (3) in section 404 (21 U.S.C. 844), by insert-ing after subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(b) A person shall not be subject to a criminal or civil penalty under this title or under any other Federal law solely for pos-session of a schedule A controlled sub-stance.’’. (b) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND  E
XPORT ACT.—Section 1010(b) of the Con-trolled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) In the case of a violation under sub-section (a) involving a controlled substance in schedule A, the person committing such violation shall be sentenced to a term of im-prisonment of not more than 20 years and if death or serious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment for any term of years or for life, a fine not to exceed the greater of that authorized in accordance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or $1,000,000 if the defendant is an indi-vidual or $5,000,000 if the defendant is other than an individual, or both. If any person commits such a violation after a prior con-viction for a felony drug offense has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not more than 30 years and if death or serious bodily injury results from the use of such substance shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment for any term of years or for life, a fine not to ex-ceed the greater of twice that authorized in accordance with the provisions of title 18, United States Code, or $2,000,000 if the de-fendant is an individual or $10,000,000 if the defendant is other than an individual, or both. Notwithstanding section 3583 of title 18, United States Code, any sentence impos-ing a term of imprisonment under this para-graph shall, in the absence of such a prior conviction, impose a term of supervised re-lease of not less than 3 years in addition to such term of imprisonment and shall, if there was such a prior conviction, impose a term of supervised release of not less than 6 years in addition to such term of imprison-ment. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, and notwithstanding any other provision of law, the court shall not place on probation or suspend the sentence of any person sen-tenced under the provisions of this para-graph which provide for a mandatory term of imprisonment if death or serious bodily in-jury results.’’. 
SEC. 1405. FALSE LABELING OF SCHEDULE A CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 305 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 825) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) F
ALSE LABELING OF SCHEDULE A C ON-
TROLLED SUBSTANCES .— ‘‘(1) It shall be unlawful to import, export, manufacture, distribute, dispense, or possess with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense, a schedule A substance or product containing a schedule A substance, unless the substance or product bears a label clear-ly identifying a schedule A substance or product containing a schedule A substance by the nomenclature used by the Inter-national Union of Pure and Applied Chem-istry. ‘‘(2)(A) A product described in subpara-graph (B) is exempt from the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry no-menclature requirement of this subsection if such product is labeled in the manner re-quired under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. ‘‘(B) A product is described in this subpara-graph if the product— ‘‘(i) is the subject of an approved applica-tion as described in section 505(b) or (j) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; or ‘‘(ii) is exempt from the provisions of sec-tion 505 of such Act relating to new drugs be-cause— ‘‘(I) it is intended solely for investigational use as described in section 505(i) of such Act; and ‘‘(II) such product is being used exclusively for purposes of a clinical trial that is the subject of an effective investigational new drug application.’’. (b) PENALTIES .—Section 402 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 842) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(16), by inserting ‘‘or subsection (f)’’ after ‘‘subsection (e)’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(1)(D), by inserting ‘‘or a schedule A substance’’ after ‘‘anabolic ster-oid’’. 
SEC. 1406. REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS FOR HANDLERS OF SCHEDULE A SUB-STANCES. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—Section 303 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 823) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), in the undesignated matter following paragraph (5)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or A’’ after ‘‘schedule I’’ each place it appears; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘A separate registration for engaging in re-search with a controlled substance in sched-ule A for practitioners already registered under this part to engage in research with controlled substances in schedule I shall not be required. The Secretary shall determine the merits of the research protocol sub-mitted by the practitioner registering to en-gage in research with a controlled substance in schedule A, and the Attorney General may deny or revoke the registration only on a ground specified in section 304.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k)(1) The Attorney General shall register an applicant to manufacture schedule A sub-stances if— ‘‘(A) the applicant demonstrates that the schedule A substances will be used for re-search, analytical, or industrial purposes ap-proved by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that such registration is consistent with the pub-lic interest and with the United States obli-gations under international treaties, conven-tions, or protocols in effect on the date of en-actment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) In determining the public interest under paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall consider— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effective controls against diversion of particular controlled substances and any controlled substance in schedule A compounded therefrom into other than legitimate medical, scientific, research, or industrial channels, by limiting the im-portation and bulk manufacture of such con-trolled substances to a number of establish-ments which can produce an adequate and uninterrupted supply of these substances under adequately competitive conditions for legitimate medical, scientific, research, and industrial purposes; ‘‘(B) compliance with applicable State and local law; ‘‘(C) promotion of technical advances in the art of manufacturing substances de-scribed in subparagraph (A) and the develop-ment of new substances; ‘‘(D) prior conviction record of applicant under Federal and State laws relating to the manufacture, distribution, or dispensing of substances described in paragraph (A); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00073 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1002 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(E) past experience in the manufacture of controlled substances, and the existence in the establishment of effective control against diversion; and ‘‘(F) such other factors as may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safety. ‘‘(3) If an applicant is registered to manu-facture controlled substances in schedule I or II under subsection (a), the applicant shall not be required to apply for a separate reg-istration under this subsection. ‘‘(l)(1) The Attorney General shall register an applicant to distribute schedule A sub-stances— ‘‘(A) if the applicant demonstrates that the schedule A substances will be used for re-search, analytical, or industrial purposes ap-proved by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) unless the Attorney General deter-mines that the issuance of such registration is inconsistent with the public interest. ‘‘(2) In determining the public interest under paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall consider— ‘‘(A) maintenance of effective control against diversion of particular controlled substances into other than legitimate med-ical, scientific, and industrial channels; ‘‘(B) compliance with applicable State and local law; ‘‘(C) prior conviction record of applicant under Federal or State laws relating to the manufacture, distribution, or dispensing of substances described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(D) past experience in the distribution of controlled substances; and ‘‘(E) such other factors as may be relevant to and consistent with the public health and safety. ‘‘(3) If an applicant is registered to dis-tribute a controlled substance in schedule I or II under subsection (b), the applicant shall not be required to apply for a separate reg-istration under this subsection. ‘‘(m)(1) Not later than 90 days after the date on which a substance is placed in sched-ule A, any practitioner who was engaged in research on the substance before the place-ment of the substance in schedule A and any manufacturer or distributor who was han-dling the substance before the placement of the substance in schedule A shall register with the Attorney General. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 60 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives an application for registration to conduct re-search on a schedule A substance, the Attor-ney General shall— ‘‘(i) grant, or initiate proceedings under section 304(c) to deny, the application; or ‘‘(ii) request supplemental information from the applicant. ‘‘(B) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Attorney General receives sup-plemental information requested under sub-paragraph (A)(ii) in connection with an ap-plication described in subparagraph (A), the Attorney General shall grant or deny the ap-plication.’’. (b) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND  E
XPORT ACT.—Section 1008 of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 958) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j)(1) The Attorney General shall register an applicant to import or export a schedule A substance if— ‘‘(A) the applicant demonstrates that the schedule A substances will be used for re-search, analytical, or industrial purposes ap-proved by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) the Attorney General determines that such registration is consistent with the pub-lic interest and with the United States obli-gations under international treaties, conven-tions, or protocols in effect on the date of en-actment of this subsection. ‘‘(2) In determining the public interest under paragraph (1)(B), the Attorney General shall consider the factors described in sub-paragraphs (A) through (F) of section 303(k)(2). ‘‘(3) If an applicant is registered to import or export a controlled substance in schedule I or II under subsection (a), the applicant shall not be required to apply for a separate registration under this subsection.’’. SEC. 1407. ADDITIONAL CONFORMING AMEND-MENTS. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACT.—The Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 303(c) (21 U.S.C. 823(c))— (A) by striking ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a), (b), (k), or (l)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and in-serting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (2) in section 306 (21 U.S.C. 826)— (A) in subsection (a), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedules I and II’’ and insert-ing ‘‘schedules I, II, and A’’; (B) in subsection (b), in the second sen-tence, by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and in-serting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (C) in subsection (c), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedules I and II’’ and insert-ing ‘‘schedules I, II, and A’’; (D) in subsection (d), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (E) in subsection (e), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (F) in subsection (f), in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘schedules I and II’’ and insert-ing ‘‘schedules I, II, and A’’; (3) in section 308(a) (21 U.S.C. 828(a)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (4) in section 402(b) (21 U.S.C. 842(b)), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (5) in section 403(a)(1) (21 U.S.C. 843(a)(1)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (6) in section 511(f) (21 U.S.C. 881(f)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’. (b) C
ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT EX-
PORT ACT.—The Controlled Substances Im-port and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 1002(a) (21 U.S.C. 952(a))— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (2) in section 1003 (21 U.S.C. 953)— (A) in subsection (c), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’; (3) in section 1004(1) (21 U.S.C. 954(1)), by striking ‘‘schedule I’’ and inserting ‘‘sched-ule I or A’’; (4) in section 1005 (21 U.S.C. 955), by strik-ing ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘sched-ule I, II, or A’’; and (5) in section 1009(a) (21 U.S.C. 959(a)), by striking ‘‘schedule I or II’’ and inserting ‘‘schedule I, II, or A’’. 
SEC. 1408. CLARIFICATION OF THE DEFINITION OF CONTROLLED SUBSTANCE ANA-LOGUE UNDER THE ANALOGUE EN-FORCEMENT ACT. 
Section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802) is amended— (1) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘or V’’ and inserting ‘‘V, or A’’; (2) in paragraph (14)— (A) by striking ‘‘schedule I(c) and’’ and in-serting ‘‘schedule I(c), schedule A, and’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘schedule I(c),’’ and insert-ing ‘‘schedule I(c) and schedule A,’’; and (3) in paragraph (32)(A), by striking ‘‘(32)(A)’’ and all that follows through clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(32)(A) Except as provided in subpara-graph (C), the term ‘controlled substance analogue’ means a substance whose chemical structure is substantially similar to the chemical structure of a controlled substance in schedule I or II— ‘‘(i) which has a stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system that is substantially similar to or greater than the stimulant, depressant, or hallucinogenic effect on the central nervous system of a controlled substance in schedule I or II; or ‘‘(ii) with respect to a particular person, which such person represents or intends to have a stimulant, depressant, or hallucino-genic effect on the central nervous system that is substantially similar to or greater than the stimulant, depressant, or hallucino-genic effect on the central nervous system of a controlled substance in schedule I or II.’’. SEC. 1409. RULES OF CONSTRUCTION. 
Nothing in this subtitle, or the amend-ments made by this subtitle, may be con-strued to limit— (1) the prosecution of offenses involving controlled substance analogues under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.); or (2) the authority of the Attorney General to temporarily or permanently schedule, re-schedule, or decontrol controlled substances under provisions of section 201 of the Con-trolled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 811) that are in effect on the day before the date of en-actment of this Act. Subtitle E—Domestic Security CHAPTER 1—GENERAL MATTERS 
SEC. 1501. KEEP OUR COMMUNITIES SAFE ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 236 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through the period at the end of subsection (c) and insert-ing the following: 
‘‘SEC. 236. APPREHENSION AND DETENTION OF ALIENS. 
‘‘(a) A RREST , DETENTION , ANDRELEASE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, on a war-rant issued by the Secretary, may arrest an alien and detain the alien pending a decision on whether the alien is to be removed from the United States until the date on which the alien has an administratively final order of removal. Except as provided in subsection (c) and pending such decision, the Sec-retary— ‘‘(A) may— ‘‘(i) continue to detain the arrested alien if the Secretary or the Attorney General deter-mines that continued detention is war-ranted; ‘‘(ii) release the alien on bond of at least $5,000, with security approved by, and con-taining conditions prescribed by, the Sec-retary or the Attorney General; or ‘‘(iii) release the alien on his or her own re-cognizance, subject to appropriate condi-tions set forth by the Secretary or the Attor-ney General, if the Secretary or the Attor-ney General determines that the alien will not pose a danger to the safety of other per-sons or of property and is likely to appear for any scheduled proceeding; and ‘‘(B) may not provide the alien with work authorization (including an ‘employment au-thorized’ endorsement or other appropriate work permit) or advance parole to travel outside of the United States, unless the alien 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00074 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1003 February 14, 2018 
is lawfully admitted for permanent residence or otherwise would (without regard to re-moval proceedings) be provided such author-ization. ‘‘(b) R
EVOCATION OF BOND OR PAROLE .—The Secretary, at any time, may revoke bond or parole authorized under subsection (a), re-arrest the alien under the original warrant, and detain the alien. ‘‘(c) M
ANDATORY DETENTION OF CRIMINAL  A
LIENS .— ‘‘(1) C
RIMINAL ALIENS .—The Secretary shall take into custody and continue to detain any alien at any time if the alien— ‘‘(A)(i) has not been admitted or paroled into the United States; and ‘‘(ii) was apprehended anywhere within 100 miles of the international border of the United States; ‘‘(B) is inadmissible by reason of having committed any offense covered in section 212(a)(2); ‘‘(C) is deportable by reason of having com-mitted any offense covered in section 237(a)(2); ‘‘(D) is convicted for an offense under sec-tion 275(a); ‘‘(E) is convicted for an offense under sec-tion 276; ‘‘(F) is convicted for any felony; or ‘‘(G) is inadmissible under subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 212(a)(3) or deportable under subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 237(a)(4). ‘‘(2) R
ELEASE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary may release an alien described in paragraph (1) only if the Secretary decides pursuant to section 3521 of title 18, United States Code, and in accordance with a procedure that considers the severity of the offense committed by the alien, that— ‘‘(i) release of the alien from custody is necessary to provide protection to— ‘‘(I) a witness; ‘‘(II) a potential witness; ‘‘(III) a person cooperating with an inves-tigation into major criminal activity; or ‘‘(IV) an immediate family member or close associate of a witness, potential wit-ness, or person cooperating with such an in-vestigation; and ‘‘(ii) the alien demonstrates to the satis-faction of the Secretary that the alien— ‘‘(I) is not a flight risk; ‘‘(II) poses no danger to the safety of other persons or of property; ‘‘(III) is not a threat to national security or public safety; and ‘‘(IV) is likely to appear at any scheduled proceeding. ‘‘(B) A
RRESTED , BUT NOT CONVICTED , 
ALIENS .— ‘‘(i) R
ELEASE FOR PROCEEDINGS .—The Sec- retary may release any alien held pursuant to paragraph (1) to the appropriate authority for any proceedings subsequent to the arrest. ‘‘(ii) R
ESUMPTION OF CUSTODY .—If an alien is released pursuant to clause (i), the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(I) resume custody of the alien during any period pending the final disposition of any proceedings subsequent to arrest for which the alien is not in the custody of the appro-priate authority referred to in clause (i); and ‘‘(II) if the alien is not convicted of the of-fense for which the alien was arrested, the Secretary shall continue to detain the alien until the date on which removal proceedings are completed.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 236 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 236. Apprehension and detention of aliens.’’. SEC. 1502. DETERRING VISA OVERSTAYS. 
(a) A DMISSION OF NONIMMIGRANTS .—Section 214 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through the end of subsection (a)(1) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 214. ADMISSION OF NONIMMIGRANTS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ADMISSION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subpara-graphs (B) and (C), the admission to the United States of any alien as a non-immigrant may be for such time and under such conditions as the Secretary may pre-scribe, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, including when the Secretary deems necessary the giving of a bond with sufficient surety in such sum and containing such conditions as the Secretary shall pre-scribe, to ensure that at the expiration of such time or upon failure to maintain the status under which the alien was admitted, or to maintain any status subsequently ac-quired under section 248, such alien will de-part from the United States. ‘‘(B) G
UAM OR CNMI VISA WAIVER NON -
IMMIGRANTS .—No alien admitted to Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands without a visa pursuant to section 212(l) may be authorized to enter or stay in the United States, other than in Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands, or to remain in Guam or the Common-wealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for a period exceeding 45 days after the date on which the alien was admitted to Guam or the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Is-lands. ‘‘(C) V
ISA WAIVER PROGRAM NON -
IMMIGRANTS .—An alien admitted to the United States without a visa pursuant to section 217 shall not be authorized to remain in the United States as a nonimmigrant vis-itor for a period exceeding 90 days from the date on which the alien was admitted. ‘‘(D) B
AR TO IMMIGRATION BENEFITS AND TO  
CONTESTING REMOVAL .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF GOOD CAUSE .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘good cause’ means extreme exigent humanitarian cir-cumstances, determined on a case-by-case basis only, such as a medical emergency or force majeure. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSEQUENCE OF OVERSTAY .—Subject to clause (iii), except for an alien admitted as a nonimmigrant under of subparagraph (A)(i), (A)(ii), (G)(i), (G)(ii), or (G)(iii) of sec-tion 101(a)(15) or as a NATO–1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 nonimmigrant, any alien who remains in the United States for a period of more than 30 days after the date on which the period of stay or parole authorized by the Secretary for the alien ends, without good cause, is in-admissible and ineligible for all immigration benefits or relief available under the immi-gration laws, including relief under sections 240A(b)(1), 240B(b), 245, 248, and 249, other than— ‘‘(I) asylum; ‘‘(II) relief as a victim of trafficking under section 101(a)(15)(T); ‘‘(III) relief as a victim of criminal activity under section 101(a)(15)(U); ‘‘(IV) relief under the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty; ‘‘(V) relief as a battered spouse or child under section 240A(b)(2); ‘‘(VI) withholding of removal under section 241(b)(3); or ‘‘(VII) protection from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984. ‘‘(iii) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discre-tion, determine that a nonimmigrant is not subject to clause (ii) if— ‘‘(I) the alien was lawfully inspected and admitted to the United States as a non-immigrant; ‘‘(II) the alien filed a nonfrivolous applica-tion for change of status to another non-immigrant category or for an extension of stay before the date on which the alien’s au-thorized period of stay as a nonimmigrant expired; ‘‘(III) the alien has not been employed without authorization in the United States, before or during pendency of the application referred to in subclause (II); ‘‘(IV) the alien has not otherwise violated the terms of the alien’s nonimmigrant sta-tus; and ‘‘(V) the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that the alien is not a threat to national security or public safety. ‘‘(iv) D
ETENTION AND EXPEDITED REMOVAL .— An alien described in clause (ii) who remains in the United States more than 30 days after the date on which the period of stay author-ized by the Secretary ends, without good cause, shall be detained and the Secretary shall expeditiously remove the alien from the United States not later than 90 days after the date on which the alien is detained. ‘‘(v) L
IMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law (statutory or nonstatutory), including sec-tion 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, or sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to review any cause or claim, arising from, or relating to, the deten-tion and expedited removal of an alien pursu-ant to clause (iv).’’. (b) V
ISA WAIVER PROGRAM WAIVER OF  R
IGHTS .—Section 217(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER OF RIGHTS .—An alien may not be provided a waiver under the program un-less the alien has— ‘‘(1) signed, under penalty of perjury, an acknowledgement confirming that the alien was notified and understands that he or she will be— ‘‘(A) ineligible for any form of relief or im-migration benefit under the Act or any other immigration laws, including sections 240A(b)(1), 240B(b), 245, 248, and 249 (other than a request for asylum), relief as a victim of trafficking under section 101(a)(15)(T), re-lief as a victim of criminal activity under 101(A)(15)(U), relief under the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been bat-tered or subjected to extreme cruelty, relief as a battered spouse or child under section 240A(b)(2), withholding of removal under sec-tion 241(b)(3), or protection from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984; and ‘‘(B) subject to detention and expedited re-moval from the United States, if the alien fails to depart from the United States at the end of the 90-day period for admission; ‘‘(2) waived any right to review or appeal under this Act of an immigration officer’s determination as to the admissibility of the alien at the port of entry into the United States; and ‘‘(3) waived any right to contest any action for removal of the alien.’’. (c) D
ETENTION AND REPATRIATION OF VISA W
AIVER VIOLATORS .—Section 217(c)(2)(E) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187(c)(2)(E)) is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00075 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1004 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(E) D ETENTION AND REPATRIATION OF  
ALIENS .—Any alien who fails to depart from the United States at the end of the 90-day pe-riod for admission shall be detained pending removal.’’. (d) I
SSUANCE OF NONIMMIGRANT VISAS.— Section 221(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) The Secretary of State shall ensure that every application for a nonimmigrant visa includes an acknowledgment, executed by the alien under penalty of perjury, con-firming that the alien— ‘‘(A) has been notified of the terms and conditions of the nonimmigrant visa, includ-ing the waiver of rights under subsection (j); and ‘‘(B) understands that he or she will be in-eligible for all immigration benefits and any form of relief or protection from removal, in-cluding relief under sections 240A(b)(1), 240B(b), 245, 248, and 249, other than a request for asylum, relief as a victim of trafficking under section 101(a)(15)(T), relief as a victim of criminal activity under 101(A)(15)(U), re-lief under the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty, relief as a battered spouse or child under section 240A(b)(2), withholding of removal under section 241(b)(3), or protec-tion from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984, and from contesting removal if the alien violates any term or condition of his or her nonimmigrant visa or fails to depart the United States not later than 30 days after the end of the alien’s authorized period of stay.’’. (e) R
EQUIREMENT THATALLNONIMMIGRANTS  H
AVE A SPECIFIED AUTHORIZED PERIOD OF  S
TAYENDDATE.—Section 235(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(a)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) P
ERIOD OF STAY .—Any alien who an ex-amining immigration officer has determined to be admissible as a nonimmigrant, except for aliens who are admissible under subpara-graph (A)(i), (A)(ii), (G)(i), (G)(ii), or (G)(iii) of section 101(a)(15), or who such officer has determined to be eligible for parole— ‘‘(A) shall be admitted or paroled, as appro-priate, into the United States for a specific period; and ‘‘(B) shall be issued documentation stating the end date of the alien’s period of stay in the United States.’’. (f) B
ARS TO IMMIGRATION RELIEF .—Section 221 of the Immigration and Nationality Act is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) W
AIVER OF RIGHTS .—The Secretary of State may not issue a nonimmigrant visa under section 214 to an alien (other than an alien who qualifies for a visa under subpara-graph (A) or (G) of section 101(a)(15), who is eligible for relief under the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty, or qualifies for a visa as a NATO–1, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 non-immigrant) until the alien has waived any right to relief under sections 240A(b)(1), 240B(b), 245, 248, and 249 (other than relief from removal under section 241(b)(3) or pro-tection from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984), any form of relief established after the date on which the nonimmigrant visa is issued, and from contesting removal if the alien— ‘‘(1) violates a term or condition of his or her nonimmigrant status; or ‘‘(2) fails to depart the United States not later than the date that is 30 days after last day of the alien’s authorized period of stay (as described in section 214(a)(1)).’’. (g) EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—This section and the amendments made by this section shall— (A) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) apply only to new visas, initial admis-sions of nonimmigrants, and initial requests for change of status from a nonimmigrant category to another nonimmigrant category under section 248 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1258). (2) P
REVIOUSLY ADMITTED INDIVIDUALS .—An individual previously admitted to the United States on a nonimmigrant visa who is present in the United States before the date of the enactment of this Act shall not be subject to this section or to the amendments made by this section until the alien departs from the United States or requests a change of nonimmigrant classification under section 248 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1258). 
SEC. 1503. INCREASE IN IMMIGRATION DETEN-TION CAPACITY. 
Not later than September 30, 2022, and sub-ject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall in-crease the immigration detention capacity to a daily immigration detention capacity of not fewer than 48,879 detention beds. 
SEC. 1504. COLLECTION OF DNA FROM CRIMINAL AND DETAINED ALIENS. 
Section 3 of the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 (34 U.S.C. 40702) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall collect DNA samples from any alien (as defined under section 101(a)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(3))) who— ‘‘(i) has been detained pursuant to section 235(b)(1)(B)(iii)(IV), 236, 236A, or 238 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(iii)(IV), 1226, 1226a, and 1228); or ‘‘(ii) is the subject of a final order of re-moval under section 240 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a) based on inadmissibility under section 212(a)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) or being subject to removal under section 237(a)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)).’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘or the probation office responsible (as applicable)’’ and inserting ‘‘the probation office respon-sible, or the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity’’. 
SEC. 1505. COLLECTION, USE, AND STORAGE OF BIOMETRIC DATA. 
(a) C OLLECTION AND USE OF BIOMETRIC IN-
FORMATION FOR IMMIGRATION PURPOSES .— (1) C
OLLECTION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security and the Secretary of State may require any individual filing with the Department of Homeland Security or the De-partment of State an application, petition, or other request for an immigration benefit or immigration status or seeking an immi-gration benefit or other authorization, em-ployment authorization, identity, or travel document, or requesting relief or protection under any provision of the immigration laws to submit to either Secretary biometric in-formation, including fingerprints, photo-graph, signature, voice print, iris scan, or DNA. (2) U
SE.—The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and the Secretary of State may use any biometric information submitted under para-graph (1) to conduct background and secu-rity checks, verify an individual’s identity, adjudicate, revoke, or terminate an immi-gration benefit or immigration status, and perform other functions related to admin-istering and enforcing the immigration laws. (b) BIOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC INFORMATION  S
HARING .— (1) S
HARING WITH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
AND FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation— (A) shall exchange appropriate biometric and biographic information to determine or confirm the identity of an individual and to assess whether the individual is a threat to national security or public safety; and (B) may use information exchanged pursu-ant to subparagraph (A)— (i) to compare biometric and biographic in-formation contained in applicable systems of the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, the Department of State, or the Federal Bureau of Investigation to determine if there is a match between such information; and (ii) if there is a match between such infor-mation, to relay such information to the re-questing agency. (2) U
SE OF BIOMETRIC DATA BY THE DEPART -
MENT OF STATE .—The Secretary of State shall use biometric information from appli-cable systems of the Department of Home-land Security, the Department of Defense, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to screen and track visa applicants and other individuals who are— (A)(i) known or suspected terrorists; or (ii) identified as a potential threat to na-tional security; and (B) using an alias while traveling. (3) R
EPORT ON BIOMETRIC INFORMATION  
SHARING WITH MEXICO AND OTHER COUNTRIES  
FOR IDENTITY VERIFICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State shall submit a joint report on the status of efforts to engage with the Government of Mexico and the govern-ments of other appropriate foreign countries located in Central America or South Amer-ica— (A) to discuss coordination on biometric information sharing between the United States and such countries; and (B) to enter into bilateral agreements that provide for the sharing of such biometric in-formation with the Department of State, the Department of Defense, the Department of Justice, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Department of Homeland Security to use in— (i) identifying individuals who are known or suspected terrorists or potential threats to national security; and (ii) verifying the entry and exit of individ-uals to and from the United States. (4) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The collection of biometric information under paragraph (1) shall not limit the authority of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to collect bio-metric information from any individual ar-riving to or departing from the United States. 
SEC. 1506. PILOT PROGRAM FOR ELECTRONIC FIELD PROCESSING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall estab-lish a pilot program in at least 5 of the 10 U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement field offices or regions with the largest re-moval caseloads to allow U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers to use handheld or vehicle-mounted computers to electronically— (1) process and serve charging documents, including notices to appear, while in the field; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00076 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1005 February 14, 2018 
(2) process and place detainers while in the field; (3) collect biometric data for the purpose of identifying an alien and establishing both immigration status and criminal history while in the field; (4) enter any required data, including per-sonal information about an alien subject and the reason for issuing a document; (5) apply the electronic signature of the issuing U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement officer or agent; (6) apply or capture the electronic signa-ture of the alien on any charging document or notice, including any electronic signature captured to acknowledge service of such doc-uments or notices; (7) set the date on which the alien is re-quired to appear before an immigration judge, in the case of a notice to appear; (8) print any documents the alien may be required to sign, along with additional copies of documents to be served on the alien; and (9) interface with the ENFORCE database so that all data is collected, stored, and re-trievable in real-time. (b) C
ONTRACT SUPPORT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may contract with com-mercial vendors to test prototypes for elec-tronic handheld or vehicle-mounted com-puters capable of meeting the requirements under subsection (a). (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The pilot pro-gram described in subsection (a) shall be de-signed to replace, to the extent possible, the current paperwork and data entry process used for issuing charging documents and de-tainers referred to in that subsection. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date on which the pilot program de-scribed in subsection (a) commences, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1) the results of the pilot program; and (2) recommendations for using the tech-nology described in subsection (a) on a na-tionwide basis. 
SEC. 1507. ENDING ABUSE OF PAROLE AUTHOR-ITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) P
AROLE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph: ‘‘(i) P
UBLIC INTEREST .—With respect to a reason for parole, the term ‘public interest’ means the alien has assisted the United States Government in a significant matter, such as an important criminal investigation, espionage, or other similar law enforcement or national security activity, or that in-volves law enforcement functions related to international extradition or mutual legal as-sistance activities, and either the alien’s presence in the United States is required by the Government or the alien’s life would be threatened if the alien were not permitted to come to the United States. ‘‘(ii) U
RGENT HUMANITARIAN REASON DE -
FINED .—With respect to an alien, the term ‘urgent humanitarian reason’ means— ‘‘(I) the alien has a medical emergency and the alien cannot obtain necessary treatment in the foreign state in which the alien is re-siding or the medical emergency is life- threatening and there is insufficient time for the alien to be admitted through the normal visa process; ‘‘(II) the alien is needed in the United States in order to donate an organ or other tissue for transplant into a close family member; ‘‘(III) the alien has a close family member in the United States whose death is immi-nent and the alien could not arrive in the United States in time to see such family member alive if the alien were to be admit-ted through the normal visa process; ‘‘(IV) the alien is a lawful applicant for ad-justment of status under section 245; or ‘‘(V) the alien was lawfully granted status under section 208 or lawfully admitted under section 207. ‘‘(B) PAROLE AUTHORIZED .—Except as pro-vided in subparagraph (C) or section 214(f), the Secretary may, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, temporarily parole into the United States any alien applying for admission to the United States, under such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, including requiring the posting of a bond, but only on a case-by-case basis and not ac-cording to eligibility criteria describing an entire class of potential parole recipients, for an urgent humanitarian reason or a rea-son deemed strictly in the public interest. ‘‘(C) P
AROLE NOT AN ADMISSION .—In accord-ance with section 101(a)(13)(B), parole of an alien under subparagraph (B) shall not be re-garded as an admission of the alien to the United States. When the purposes of the pa-role of an alien have been served, as deter-mined by the Secretary, the alien shall im-mediately return to his or her country of citizenship, nationality, or origin. If the alien was paroled from custody, the alien shall be returned to the custody from which the alien was paroled and the alien shall be considered for admission to the United States on the same basis as other similarly situated applicants for admission. ‘‘(D) P
ROHIBITED USES OF PAROLE AUTHOR -
ITY.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not use the authority under subparagraph (B) to parole into the United States generalized categories of aliens or classes of aliens based solely on nationality, presence, or residence in the United States, family relationships, or any other criteria that would cover a broad group of foreign nationals either inside or outside of the United States. ‘‘(ii) A
LIENS WHO ARE NATIONAL SECURITY OR  
PUBLIC SAFETY THREATS .— ‘‘(I) D
EFINITION OF EXTREME EXIGENT CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—In this clause, the term ‘ex-treme exigent circumstances’ means cir-cumstances under which— ‘‘(aa) the failure to parole the alien would result in the immediate significant risk of loss of life or bodily function due to a med-ical emergency; ‘‘(bb) the failure to parole the alien would conflict with medical advice as to the health or safety of the individual, detention facility staff, or other detainees; or ‘‘(cc) there is an urgent need for the alien’s presence for a law enforcement purpose, in-cluding for a prosecution or to serve a sen-tence or securing the alien’s presence to ap-pear as a material witness, or a national se-curity purpose. ‘‘(II) P
ROHIBITION ON PAROLE .—The Sec- retary shall not parole in any alien whom the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines to be a threat to national security or public safety, except in extreme exigent circumstances. ‘‘(E) L
IMITATION ON THE USE OF PAROLE AU -
THORITY .—The Secretary may not use the pa-role authority under this paragraph to per-mit to come to the United States aliens who have applied for and have been found to be ineligible for refugee status or any alien to whom the provisions of this paragraph do not apply. ‘‘(F) T
ERMINATION OF PAROLE .—The Sec- retary shall determine when the purpose of parole of an alien has been served and, upon such determination— ‘‘(i) the alien’s case shall continue to be dealt with in the same manner as that of any other applicant for admission to the United States; and ‘‘(ii) if the alien was previously detained, the alien shall be returned to the custody from which the alien was paroled. ‘‘(G) LIMITATIONS ON USE OF ADVANCE PA -
ROLE .— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITION OF ADVANCE PAROLE .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘advance parole’ means advance approval for an alien who is lawfully present in the United States and is applying for admission to the United States to request at a port of entry in the United States, a pre-inspection station, or a des-ignated field office of the Department of Homeland Security, to be paroled into the United States under subparagraph (B). ‘‘(ii) A
PPROVAL OF ADVANCE PAROLE .—The Secretary, in the Secretary’s discretion, may grant an application for advance parole. Ap-proval of an application for advance parole shall not constitute a grant of parole under subparagraph (B). A grant of parole into the United States based on an approved applica-tion for advance parole shall not be consid-ered a parole for purposes of qualifying for adjustment of status to lawful permanent resident status in the United States under section 245 or 245A. ‘‘(iii) R
EVOCATION OF ADVANCE PAROLE .— The Secretary may revoke a grant of ad-vance parole to an alien at any time. Such revocation shall not be subject to adminis-trative appeal or judicial review. ‘‘(iv) T
EMPORARY DEPARTURE .—An alien who leaves the United States temporarily pursuant to a grant of advance parole makes a departure from the United States pursuant to the immigration laws.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act. 
SEC. 1508. REPORTS TO CONGRESS ON PAROLE. 
(a) R EPORT ON NUMBER AND CATEGORY OF  A
LIENS PAROLED INTO THE UNITED STATES .— Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives a report that, with respect to the most recently completed fiscal year— (1) describes the number and categories of aliens paroled into the United States under section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act; and (2) contains information and data con-cerning— (A) the number and categories of aliens pa-roled; (B) the duration of parole granted to aliens referred to in subparagraph (A); and (C) the current immigration status of the aliens referred to in subparagraph (A). (b) R
EPORT ON PAROLE PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enact-ment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall jointly— (1) conduct a review regarding the effec-tiveness of parole and custody determination procedures applicable to aliens who have es-tablished a credible fear of persecution and are awaiting a final determination regarding their asylum claim by the immigration courts; and (2) submit to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report based on the results of such review, that includes— (A) an analysis of— (i) the rate at which release from detention (including release on parole) is granted to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00077 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1006 February 14, 2018 
aliens who have established a credible fear of persecution and are awaiting a final deter-mination regarding their asylum claim by the immigration courts throughout the United States; and (ii) any disparity that exists between loca-tions or geographical areas, including an ex-planation of the reasons for this disparity and what actions are being taken to have consistent and uniform application of the standards for granting parole; (B) an analysis of the effect of the proce-dures and policies applied with respect to pa-role and custody determinations by the At-torney General and by the Secretary of Homeland Security on the alien’s pursuit of an asylum claim before an immigration court; (C) an analysis of the effectiveness of the procedures and policies applied with respect to parole and custody determinations by the Attorney General and by the Secretary of Homeland Security in securing the alien’s presence at the immigration court pro-ceedings; (D) recommendations with respect to whether the existing parole and custody de-termination procedures applicable to aliens who have established a credible fear of perse-cution and are awaiting a final determina-tion by the immigration courts with respect to asylum claims— (i) respect the interests of the aliens; and (ii) ensure the presence of the aliens at the immigration court proceedings; and (E) an assessment on corresponding failure to appear rates, in absentia orders, and ab-sconders. 
SEC. 1509. REINSTATEMENT OF THE SECURE COMMUNITIES PROGRAM. 
(a) R EINSTATEMENT .—The Secretary shall reinstate and operate the Secure Commu-nities immigration enforcement program ad-ministered by U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement between 2008 and 2014. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $150,000,000 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 1510. ENSURING THAT LOCAL AND FEDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS MAY COOPERATE TO SAFEGUARD OUR COMMUNITIES. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOCOOPERATE WITHFED-
ERAL OFFICIALS .—A State, a political sub-division of a State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivi-sion that complies with a detainer issued by the Department of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (1) shall be deemed to be acting as an agent of the Department of Homeland Security; and (2) with regard to actions taken to comply with the detainer, shall have all authority available to officers and employees of the Department of Homeland Security. (b) L
EGAL PROCEEDINGS .—In any legal pro-ceeding brought against a State, a political subdivision of State, or an officer, employee, or agent of such State or political subdivi-sion which challenges the legality of the sei-zure or detention of an individual pursuant to a detainer issued by the Department of Homeland Security under section 236 or 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226 and 1357)— (1) no liability shall lie against the State or political subdivision of a State for actions taken in compliance with the detainer; and (2) if the actions of the officer, employee, or agent of the State or political subdivision were taken in compliance with the de-tainer— (A) the officer, employee, or agent shall be deemed— (i) to be an employee of the Federal Gov-ernment and an investigative or law enforce-ment officer; and (ii) to have been acting within the scope of his or her employment under section 1346(b) and chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code; (B) section 1346(b) of title 28, United States Code, shall provide the exclusive remedy for the plaintiff; and (C) the United States shall be substituted as defendant in the proceeding. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to provide im-munity to any person who knowingly vio-lates the civil or constitutional rights of an individual. CHAPTER 2—PROTECTION AND DUE PROCESS FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN 
SEC. 1520. SHORT TITLE. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Pro-tecting Children and America’s Homeland Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1521. REPATRIATION OF UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
Section 235(a) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(a)) is amend-ed— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending the paragraph heading to read as follows: ‘‘R
ULES FOR UNACCOMPANIED  
ALIEN CHILDREN .—’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘who is a na-tional or habitual resident of a country that is contiguous with the United States shall be treated in accordance with subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be treated in ac-cordance with subparagraph (B) or sub-section (b), as appropriate’’; and (C) in subparagraph (C)— (i) by amending the subparagraph heading to read as follows: ‘‘A
GREEMENTS WITH FOR -
EIGN COUNTRIES .—’’; and (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘countries contiguous to the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘Canada, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Mexico, and any other foreign country that the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; and (3) inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) M
ANDATORY EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF  
CRIMINALS AND GANG MEMBERS .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall place an unaccompanied alien child in a proceeding in accordance with section 235 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225) if, the Secretary determines or has reason to believe that the alien— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of any offense car-rying a maximum term of imprisonment of more than 180 days; ‘‘(B) has been convicted of, or found to be a juvenile offender based on, an offense that involved— ‘‘(i) the use or attempted use of physical force, or threatened use of a deadly weapon; ‘‘(ii) the purchase, sale, offering for sale, exchange, use, ownership, possession, or car-rying, or, of attempting or conspiring to pur-chase, sell, offer for sale, exchange, use, own, possess, or carry, any weapon, part, or acces-sory which is a firearm or destructive device (as defined in section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code) in violation of any law; ‘‘(iii) child abuse and neglect (as defined in section 40002(a)(3) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a)(3))); ‘‘(iv) assault resulting in bodily injury (as defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(v) the violation of a protection order (as defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(vi) driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence (as such terms are de-fined in section 164 of title 23, United States Code); or ‘‘(vii) any offense under foreign law (except a purely political offense) that, if the offense had been committed in the United States, would render the alien inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); ‘‘(C) has been convicted of, or found to be a juvenile offender based on, more than 1 criminal offense (other than minor traffic of-fenses); ‘‘(D) has been convicted of, or found to be a juvenile offender based on a crime of vio-lence or an offense under Federal, State, or Tribal law, that has, as an element, the use or attempted use of physical force or the threatened use of physical force or a deadly weapon; ‘‘(E) has engaged in, is engaged in, or is likely to engage after entry in any terrorist activity (as defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(iii))), or intends to par-ticipate or has participated in the activities of a foreign terrorist organization (as des-ignated under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189)); ‘‘(F) has engaged in, is engaged in, or any time after a prior admission engages in ac-tivity described in section 237(a)(4) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(4)); ‘‘(G) is or was a member of a criminal gang (as defined in section 101(a)(53) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(53))); ‘‘(H) provided materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent information regarding age or identity to the United States Government with the intent to inaccurately classified as an unaccompanied alien child; or ‘‘(I) has entered the United States more than once in violation of section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)), knowing that the entry was unlaw-ful.’’. SEC. 1522. CHILD WELFARE AND LAW ENFORCE-MENT INFORMATION SHARING. 
Section 235(b) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) I
NFORMATION SHARING .— ‘‘(A) I
MMIGRATION STATUS .—If the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services con-siders placement of an unaccompanied alien child with a potential sponsor, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the Secretary of Health and Human Services the immigration status of such potential sponsor before the placement of the unaccompanied alien child. ‘‘(B) O
THER INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide to the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General, upon request, any rel-evant information related to an unaccom-panied alien child who is or has been in the custody of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, including the location of the child and any person to whom custody of the child has been transferred, for any legiti-mate law enforcement objective, including the enforcement of the immigration laws.’’. 
SEC. 1523. ACCOUNTABILITY FOR CHILDREN AND TAXPAYERS. 
Section 235(b) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(b)) (as amended by section 1522 of this Act) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) I
NSPECTION OF FACILITIES .—The Inspec-tor General of the Department of Health and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00078 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1007 February 14, 2018 
Human Services shall conduct regular in-spections of facilities utilized by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services to pro-vide care and custody of unaccompanied alien children who are in the immediate cus-tody of the Secretary to ensure that such fa-cilities are operated in the most efficient manner practicable. ‘‘(7) F
ACILITY OPERATIONS COSTS .—The Sec- retary of Health and Human Services shall ensure that facilities utilized to provide care and custody of unaccompanied alien children are operated efficiently and at a rate of cost that is not greater than $500 per day for each child housed or detained at such facility, un-less the Secretary certifies that compliance with this requirement is temporarily impos-sible due to emergency circumstances.’’. 
SEC. 1524. CUSTODY OF UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN IN FORMAL REMOVAL PROCEEDING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235(c)(2) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(c)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) C
HILDREN IN FORMAL REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .— ‘‘(i) L
IMITATION ON PLACEMENT .—Notwith- standing any settlement or consent decree previously issued before the date of the en-actment of this subparagraph, and section 236.3 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, or a similar successor regulation, an unac-companied alien child who has been placed in a proceeding under section 240 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a) may not be placed in the custody of a non-governmental sponsor or otherwise released from the immediate custody of the United States Government unless— ‘‘(I) the nongovernmental sponsor is a bio-logical or adoptive parent or legal guardian of the unaccompanied alien child; ‘‘(II) the parent or legal guardian is legally present in the United States at the time of the placement; ‘‘(III) the parent or legal guardian has un-dergone a mandatory biometric criminal his-tory check; ‘‘(IV) if the nongovernmental sponsor is the biological parent, the parent’s relation-ship to the alien child has been verified through DNA testing conducted by the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services; ‘‘(V) if the nongovernmental sponsor is the adoptive parent, the parent’s relationship to the alien child has been verified with the ju-dicial court that issued the final legal adop-tion decree by the Secretary of Health and Human Services; and ‘‘(VI) the Secretary of Health and Human Services has determined that the alien child is not a danger to self, a danger to the com-munity, or at risk of flight. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTIONS .—If the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines that an unaccompanied alien child is a victim of severe forms of trafficking in persons (as de-fined in section 103 of the Trafficking Vic-tims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)), a special needs child with a disability (as de-fined in section 3 of the Americans with Dis-abilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102)), a child who has been a victim of physical or sexual abuse under circumstances that indicate that the child’s health or welfare has been significantly harmed or threatened, or a child with mental health needs that require ongoing assistance from a social welfare agency, the alien child may be placed with a grandparent or adult sibling if the grand-parent or adult sibling meets the require-ments under subclauses (II), (III), and (IV) of clause (i). ‘‘(iii) F
AILURE TO APPEAR .— ‘‘(I) C
IVIL PENALTY .—If an unaccompanied alien child is placed with a sponsor and fails to appear in a mandatory court appearance, the sponsor shall be subject to a civil pen-alty of $250 for each day until the alien ap-pears in court, up to a maximum of $5,000. ‘‘(II) BURDEN OF PROOF .—The sponsor is not subject to the penalty imposed under sub-clause (I) if the sponsor— ‘‘(aa) appears in person and proves to the immigration court that the failure to appear by the unaccompanied alien child was not the fault of the sponsor; and ‘‘(bb) supplies the immigration court with documentary evidence that supports the as-sertion described in item (aa). ‘‘(iv) P
ROHIBITION ON PLACEMENT WITH SEX  
OFFENDERS AND HUMAN TRAFFICKERS .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services may not place an unaccompanied alien child under this subparagraph in the custody of an individual who has been convicted of, or the Secretary has reason to believe was other-wise involved in the commission of— ‘‘(I) a sex offense (as defined in section 111 of the Sex Offender Registration and Notifi-cation Act (34 U.S.C. 20911)); ‘‘(II) a crime involving severe forms of trafficking in persons (as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (22 U.S.C. 7102)); or ‘‘(III) an offense under Federal, State, or Tribal law that has, as an element of the of-fense, the use or attempted use of physical force or the threatened use of physical force or a deadly weapon. ‘‘(v) R
EQUIREMENTS OF CRIMINAL BACK -
GROUND CHECK .—A biometric criminal his-tory check required under clause (i)(III) shall be conducted using a set of fingerprints or other biometric identifier through— ‘‘(I) the Federal Bureau of Investigation; ‘‘(II) criminal history repositories of all States that the individual lists as current or former residences; and ‘‘(III) any other State or Federal database or repository that the Secretary of Health and Human Services determines to be appro-priate.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVE-
NILE.—Section 101(a)(27)(J)(i) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(i)), is amended by striking ‘‘1 or both of the immigrant’s parents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘either of the immigrant’s parents’’. (c) H
OMESTUDIES AND FOLLOW -UPSERVICES  
FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .—Sec- tion 235(c)(3) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthoriza-tion Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(c)(3)) is amend-ed— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (2) by striking subparagraph (B) and insert-ing the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(B) H
OME STUDIES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as required under clause (ii), before placing a child with an in-dividual, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall determine whether a home study is necessary. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIRED HOME STUDIES .—A home study shall be conducted for a child— ‘‘(I) who is a victim of a severe form of trafficking in persons or is a special needs child with a disability (as defined in section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102); ‘‘(II) who has been a victim of physical or sexual abuse under circumstances that indi-cate that the child’s health or welfare has been significantly harmed or threatened; ‘‘(III) whose proposed sponsor presents a risk of abuse, maltreatment, exploitation, or trafficking to the child based on all available objective evidence) if more than 2 other chil-dren are residing with the proposed sponsor, or if such sponsor has custody of at least 1 other unaccompanied alien child; or ‘‘(IV) if more than 2 other children are re-siding with the proposed sponsor, or if such sponsor has custody of at least 1 other unac-companied alien child. ‘‘(C) FOLLOW -UP SERVICES AND ADDITIONAL  
HOME STUDIES .— ‘‘(i) P
ENDENCY OF REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .— Not less frequently than every 180 days until the date on which initial removal pro-ceedings are completed and the immigration judge issues an order of removal, grants vol-untary departure under section 240B, or grants the alien relief from removal, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct follow-up services for any child for whom a home study was conducted and who was placed with a nongovernmental sponsor. ‘‘(ii) C
HILDREN WITH MENTAL HEALTH OR  
OTHER NEEDS .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, until the date that is 2 years after the date on which a child is placed with a nongovernmental sponsor, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct follow-up services for any child with mental health needs or other needs who could ben-efit from ongoing assistance from a social welfare agency. ‘‘(iii) C
HILDREN AT RISK .—Not less fre-quently than every 90 days until the date that is 2 years after the date on which a child is placed with a nongovernmental spon-sor, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall conduct home studies and fol-low-up services, including partnering with local community programs that focus on early morning and after school programs for at-risk children who— ‘‘(I) need a secure environment to engage in studying, training, and skills-building programs; and ‘‘(II) are at risk for recruitment by crimi-nal gangs or other transnational criminal or-ganizations in the United States.’’. (d) D
ETENTION OF ACCOMPANIED MINORS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is further amended— (A) by redesignating subsections (d) through (i) as subsections (e) through (j), re-spectively; and (B) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) D
ETENTION OF ACCOMPANIED MINORS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, judicial determination, consent decree, or settlement agreement— ‘‘(1) the detention of any alien minor who is not described in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2)) shall be governed by sections 217, 235, 236, and 241 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187, 1225, 1226, and 1231); ‘‘(2) the decision whether to detain or re-lease the alien minor shall be in the sole and unreviewable discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security; ‘‘(3) the release of an alien minor who is not described in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2)) may not be presumed and an alien minor not described in such section may not be released by the Secretary to anyone other than a parent or legal guardian; and ‘‘(4) the conditions of confinement applica-ble to alien minors who are not described in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2)) shall be determined in the sole and unreviewable discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security, and specific licensing requirements may not be imposed other than requirements determined appropriate by the Secretary.’’. (2) F
UNDING LIMITATION .—No appropriated funds may be used to implement the terms of the settlement agreement in Flores v. Reno, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00079 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1008 February 14, 2018 
CV 85–4544–RJK, nor shall any appropriated funds be used for purposes of complying with any judicial order, decree, or judgment inter-preting the terms of such settlement agree-ment. (3) E
FFECTIVE DATE ; APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall— (A) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (B) apply regardless of the date on which the actions giving rise to removability or de-tention take place. 
SEC. 1525. FRAUD IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSFER OF CUSTODY OF UNAC-COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1041. Fraud in connection with the transfer of custody of unaccompanied alien children ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for a person to obtain custody of an unaccom-panied alien child (as defined in section 462(g) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) by— ‘‘(1) making any materially false, ficti-tious, or fraudulent statement or representa-tion; or ‘‘(2) making or using any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry. ‘‘(b) P
ENALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who violates, or attempts or conspires to violate, this sec-tion shall be fined under this title and im-prisoned for not less than 1 year. ‘‘(2) E
NHANCED PENALTY FOR TRAFFICKING .— If the primary purpose of the violation, at-tempted violation, or conspiracy to violate this section was to subject the child to sexu-ally explicit activity or any other form of exploitation, the offender shall be fined under this title and imprisoned for not less than 15 years.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1040 the fol-lowing: ‘‘1041. Fraud in connection with the transfer of custody of unaccompanied alien children.’’. 
SEC. 1526. NOTIFICATION OF STATES AND FOR-EIGN GOVERNMENTS, REPORTING, AND MONITORING. 
(a) N OTIFICATION .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) (as amended by section 1524(d)(1) of this Act) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) N
OTIFICATION TO STATES .— ‘‘(1) B
EFORE PLACEMENT .—The Secretary of Homeland Security or the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall notify the Governor of a State not later than 48 hours before the placement of an unaccompanied alien child in the custody of such Secretary into the care of a facility or sponsor in such State. ‘‘(2) I
NITIAL REPORTS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit a report to the Governor of each State in which an unac-companied alien child was discharged to a sponsor or placed in a facility while remain-ing in the legal custody of the Secretary dur-ing the period beginning October 1, 2013 and ending on the date of enactment of this sub-section. ‘‘(3) M
ONTHLY REPORTS .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit a monthly report to the Governor of each State in which, during the reporting period, an unaccompanied alien child was discharged to a sponsor or placed in a facility while re-maining in the legal custody of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services. ‘‘(4) CONTENTS .—Each report required to be submitted to the Governor of a State under paragraph (2) or (3) shall identify the number of unaccompanied alien children placed in the State during the reporting period, disaggregated by— ‘‘(A) the locality in which the aliens were placed; and ‘‘(B) the age of such aliens. ‘‘(l) N
OTIFICATION OF FOREIGN COUNTRY .— The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide information regarding each unac-companied alien child to the government of the country of which the child is a national to assist such government with the identi-fication and reunification of such child with their parent or other qualifying relative. ‘‘(m) M
ONITORING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec- retary of Health and Human Services shall— ‘‘(1) require all sponsors to agree— ‘‘(A) to receive approval from the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services before changing the location in which the sponsor is housing an unaccompanied alien child placed in the sponsor’s custody; and ‘‘(B) to provide a current address for the child and the reason for the change of ad-dress; ‘‘(2) provide regular and frequent moni-toring of the physical and emotional well- being of each unaccompanied alien child who has been discharged to a sponsor or remained in the legal custody of the Secretary until the child’s immigration case is resolved; and ‘‘(3) not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, submit a plan to Congress for implementing the require-ments under paragraphs (1) and (2).’’. 
SEC. 1527. REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORTS ON CARE OF UNACCOMPANIED  A
LIEN CHILDREN .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report that includes— (1) a detailed summary of the contracts in effect to care for and house unaccompanied alien children, including the names and loca-tions of contractors and the facilities being used; (2) the cost per day to care for and house an unaccompanied alien child, including an explanation of such cost; (3) the number of unaccompanied alien children who have been released to a spon-sor, if any; (4) a list of the States to which unaccom-panied alien children have been released from the custody of the Secretary of Health and Human Services to the care of a sponsor or placement in a facility; (5) the number of unaccompanied alien children who have been released to a sponsor who is not lawfully present in the United States, including the country of nationality or last habitual residence and age of such children; (6) a determination of whether more than 1 unaccompanied alien child has been released to the same sponsor, including the number of children who were released to such sponsor; (7) an assessment of the extent to which the Secretary of Health and Human Services is monitoring the release of unaccompanied alien children, including home studies done and electronic monitoring devices used; (8) an assessment of the extent to which the Secretary of Health and Human Services is making efforts— (A) to educate unaccompanied alien chil-dren about their legal rights; and (B) to provide unaccompanied alien chil-dren with access to pro bono counsel; and (9) the extent of the public health issues of unaccompanied alien children, including contagious diseases, the benefits or medical services provided, and the outreach to States and localities about public health issues, that could affect the public. (b) REPORTS ON REPATRIATION AGREE -
MENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary of State shall submit to Con-gress and make publicly available a report that— (1) includes a copy of any repatriation agreement in effect for unaccompanied alien children; (2) describes any such repatriation agree-ment that is being considered or negotiated; and (3) describes the funding provided to the 20 countries that have the highest number of nationals entering the United States as un-accompanied alien children, including amounts provided— (A) to deter the nationals of each country from illegally entering the United States; and (B) to care for or reintegrate repatriated unaccompanied alien children in the country of nationality or last habitual residence. (c) R
EPORTS ON RETURNS TO COUNTRY OF  N
ATIONALITY .—Not later than September 30, 2019, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report that describes— (1) the number of unaccompanied alien children who have voluntarily returned to their country of nationality or habitual resi-dence, disaggregated by— (A) country of nationality or habitual resi-dence; and (B) age of the unaccompanied alien chil-dren; (2) the number of unaccompanied alien children who have been returned to their country of nationality or habitual residence, including the length of time such children were present in the United States; (3) the number of unaccompanied alien children who have not been returned to their country of nationality or habitual residence pending travel documents or other require-ments from such country, including how long they have been waiting to return; and (4) the number of unaccompanied alien children who were granted relief in the United States, whether through asylum, any other immigration benefit or status, or de-ferred action. (d) R
EPORTS ON IMMIGRATION PRO-
CEEDINGS .—Not later than September 30, 2019, and not less frequently than every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in coordination with the Director of the Executive Office for Immigration Re-view, shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report that describes— (1) the number of unaccompanied alien children who, after proceedings under sec-tion 235B of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act were returned to their country of nationality or habitual residence, disaggregated by— (A) country of nationality or residence; and (B) age and gender of such aliens; (2) the number of unaccompanied alien children who, after proceedings under sec-tion 235B of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, prove a claim of admissibility and are placed in proceedings under section 240 of that Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a); (3) the number of unaccompanied alien children who fail to appear at a removal hearing that such alien was required to at-tend; (4) the number of sponsors who were levied a penalty, including the amount and whether the penalty was collected, for the failure of an unaccompanied alien child to appear at a removal hearing; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00080 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1009 February 14, 2018 
(5) the number of aliens that are classified as unaccompanied alien children, the ages and countries of nationality of such children, and the orders issued by the immigration judge at the conclusion of proceedings under section 235B of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act for such children. CHAPTER 3—COOPERATION WITH MEXICO AND OTHER COUNTRIES ON ASYLUM AND REFUGEE ISSUES 
SEC. 1541. STRENGTHENING INTERNAL ASYLUM SYSTEMS IN MEXICO AND OTHER COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall work with international partners, including the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, to support and provide technical assistance to strengthen the domestic capacity of Mexico and other countries in the region to provide asylum to eligible children and families— (1) by establishing and expanding tem-porary and long-term in country reception centers and shelter capacity to meet the hu-manitarian needs of those seeking asylum or other forms of international protection; (2) by improving the asylum registration system to ensure that all individuals seeking asylum or other humanitarian protection— (A) are properly screened for security, in-cluding biographic and biometric capture; (B) receive due process and meaningful ac-cess to existing legal protections; and (C) receive proper documents in order to prevent fraud and ensure freedom of move-ment and access to basic social services; (3) by creating or expanding a corps of trained asylum officers capable of evaluating and deciding individual asylum claims con-sistent with international law and obliga-tions; and (4) by developing the capacity to conduct best interest determinations for unaccom-panied alien children to ensure that their needs are properly met, which may include family reunification or resettlement based on international protection needs. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall sub-mit a report that describes the plans of the Secretary of State to assist in developing the asylum processing capabilities described in subsection (a) to— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; (2) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (3) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (4) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; (5) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (6) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (a). 
SEC. 1542. EXPANDING REFUGEE PROCESSING IN MEXICO AND CENTRAL AMERICA FOR THIRD COUNTRY RESETTLE-MENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Home-land Security, shall coordinate with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refu-gees to support and provide technical assist-ance to the Government of Mexico and the governments of other countries in the region to increase access to global resettlement for eligible children and families with protec-tion needs— (1) by establishing and expanding in coun-try refugee reception centers to meet the hu-manitarian needs of those seeking inter-national protection; (2) by improving the refugee registration system to ensure that all refugees— (A) are properly screened for security, in-cluding biographic and biometric capture; (B) receive due process and meaningful ac-cess to existing legal protections; and (C) receive proper documents in order to prevent fraud and ensure freedom of move-ment and access to basic social services; (3) by creating or expanding a corps of trained refugee officers capable of evaluating and deciding individual claims for protec-tion, consistent with international law and obligations; and (4) by developing the capacity to conduct best interest determinations for unaccom-panied alien children to ensure that— (A) such children with international pro-tection needs are properly registered; and (B) the needs of such children are properly met, which may include family reunification or resettlement based on international pro-tection needs. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall sub-mit a report to the committees listed in sec-tion 1541(b) that describes the plans of the Secretary of State to assist in developing the refugee processing capabilities described in subsection (a). (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated such sums as may be necessary to carry out sub-section (a). Subtitle F—Penalties for Smuggling, Drug Trafficking, Human Trafficking, Terrorism, and Illegal Entry and Reentry; Bars to Re-admission of Removed Aliens 
SEC. 1601. DANGEROUS HUMAN SMUGGLING, HUMAN TRAFFICKING, AND HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS. 
(a) C RIMINAL PENALTIES FOR HUMAN SMUG-
GLING AND TRAFFICKING .—Section 274(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (ii) to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) knowing, or in reckless disregard of the fact, that an alien has come to, entered into, or remains in the United States in vio-lation of law— ‘‘(I) transports, moves, or attempts to transport or move such alien within the United States by means of transportation or otherwise, in furtherance of such violation of law; or ‘‘(II) transports or moves the alien with the purpose of facilitating the illegal entry of the alien into Canada or Mexico;’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by redesignating clauses (iii) and (iv) as clauses (vi) and (vii), respectively; (ii) in clause (vi), as redesignated, by in-serting ‘‘for not less than 10 years and’’ be-fore ‘‘not more than 20 years,’’; and (iii) by inserting after clause (ii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) in the case of a violation of clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) of subparagraph (A) that is the third or subsequent violation com-mitted by such person under this section, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not less than 5 years and not more than 25 years, or both; ‘‘(iv) in the case of a violation of clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) of subparagraph (A) that recklessly, knowingly, or intentionally re-sults in a victim being involuntarily forced into labor or prostitution, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, impris-oned for not less than 5 years and not more than 25 years, or both; ‘‘(v) in the case of a violation of clause (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) of subparagraph (A) dur-ing and in relation to which any person is subjected to any illegal sexual act or sexual contact (as those terms are defined in sec-tion 2246 of title 18, United States Code), be fined under title 18, United States Code, im-prisoned for not less than 5 years and not more than 25 years, or both;’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) Any person who, knowing that a per-son is an alien in unlawful transit from 1 country to another or on the high seas, transports, moves, harbors, conceals, or shields from detection such alien outside of the United States for profit or gain when the alien is seeking to enter the United States without official permission or legal author-ity, shall for, each alien in respect to whom a violation of this paragraph occurs, be fined under title 18, United States Code, impris-oned not more than 10 years, or both.’’. (b) SEIZURE AND FORFEITURE .—Section 274(b)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any real or personal property involved in or used to facilitate the commission of a violation or attempted vio-lation of subsection (a), the gross proceeds of such violation or attempted violation, and any property traceable to such property or proceeds, shall be seized and subject to for-feiture.’’. 
SEC. 1602. PUTTING THE BRAKES ON HUMAN SMUGGLING ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Putting the Brakes on Human Smuggling Act’’. (b) F
IRST VIOLATION .—Section 31310(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking the ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) using a commercial motor vehicle in willfully aiding or abetting an alien’s illegal entry into the United States by trans-porting, guiding, directing, or attempting to assist the alien with the alien’s entry in vio-lation of section 275 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325), regardless of whether the alien is ultimately fined or im-prisoned for an act in violation of such sec-tion; or ‘‘(G) using a commercial motor vehicle in willfully aiding or abetting the transport of controlled substances, monetary instru-ments, bulk cash, or weapons by any indi-vidual departing the United States.’’. (c) S
ECOND OR MULTIPLE VIOLATIONS .—Sec- tion 31310(c)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (E), by striking the ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (H); (3) in subparagraph (H), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(E)’’ and inserting ‘‘(G)’’; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following: ‘‘(F) using a commercial motor vehicle more than once in willfully aiding or abet-ting an alien’s illegal entry into the United States by transporting, guiding, directing and attempting to assist the alien with the alien’s entry in violation of section 275 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325), regardless of whether the alien is ulti-mately fined or imprisoned for an act in vio-lation of such section; ‘‘(G) using a commercial motor vehicle more than once in willfully aiding or abet-ting the transport of controlled substances, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00081 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1010 February 14, 2018 
monetary instruments, bulk cash, or weap-ons by any individual departing the United States; or’’. (d) L
IFETIME DISQUALIFICATION .—Section 31310(d) of title 49, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) L
IFETIME DISQUALIFICATION .—The Sec- retary shall permanently disqualify an indi-vidual from operating a commercial motor if the individual uses a commercial motor ve-hicle— ‘‘(1) in committing a felony involving man-ufacturing, distributing, or dispensing a con-trolled substance, or possession with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense a controlled substance; ‘‘(2) in committing an act for which the in-dividual is convicted under— ‘‘(A) section 274 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324); or ‘‘(B) section 277 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1327); or ‘‘(3) in willfully aiding or abetting the transport of controlled substances, monetary instruments, bulk cash, and weapons by any individual departing the United States.’’. (e) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— (1) C
OMMERCIAL DRIVER ’S LICENSE INFORMA -
TION SYSTEM .—Section 31309(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) whether the operator was disqualified, either temporarily or permanently, from op-erating a commercial motor vehicle under section 31310, including under subsection (b)(1)(F), (c)(1)(F), or (d) of such section.’’. (2) N
OTIFICATION BY THE STATE .—Section 31311(a)(8) of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘including such a dis-qualification, revocation, suspension, or can-cellation made pursuant to a disqualification under subsection (b)(1)(F), (c)(1)(F), or (d) of section 31310,’’ after ‘‘60 days,’’. 
SEC. 1603. DRUG TRAFFICKING AND CRIMES OF VIOLENCE COMMITTED BY ILLEGAL ALIENS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 27 the following: ‘‘CHAPTER 28—DRUG TRAFFICKING AND CRIMES OF VIOLENCE COMMITTED BY ILLEGAL ALIENS ‘‘581. Enhanced penalties for drug trafficking and crimes committed by ille-gal aliens. ‘‘§ 581. Enhanced penalties for drug traf-ficking and crimes committed by illegal aliens ‘‘(a) O
FFENSE .—Any alien unlawfully present in the United States, who commits, conspires to commit, or attempts to commit an offense under Federal, State, or Tribal law, an element of which involves the use or attempted use of physical force or the threatened use of physical force or a deadly weapon or a drug trafficking crime (as de-fined in section 924), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not less than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(b) E
NHANCED PENALTIES FOR ALIENS OR-
DERED REMOVED .—Any alien unlawfully present in the United States who violates subsection (a) and was ordered removed under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) on the grounds of hav-ing committed a crime before the violation of subsection (a), shall be fined under this title, imprisoned for not less than 15 years, or both. ‘‘(c) R
EQUIREMENT FOR CONSECUTIVE SEN-
TENCES .—Any term of imprisonment imposed under this section shall be consecutive to any term imposed for any other offense.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters at the beginning of part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 27 the fol-lowing: ‘‘28 . Drug trafficking and crimes of violence committed by illegal aliens ........................................... 581’’. 
SEC. 1604. ESTABLISHING INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORTABILITY. 
(a) I NADMISSIBLE ALIENS .—Section 212(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
ONSIDERATION OF OTHER EVIDENCE .— If the statute of conviction or conviction records do not conclusively establish wheth-er a crime does or does not constitute a crime involving moral turpitude, the Sec-retary, the Attorney General, or the con-sular officer, as applicable, may consider other documentary evidence related to the conviction, including, but not limited to, charging documents, plea agreements, plea colloquies, jury instructions, and police re-ports, to determine whether the other evi-dence clearly establishes that the conduct in which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime involving moral turpitude.’’. (b) D
EPORTABLE ALIENS .— (1) G
ENERAL CRIMES .—Section 237(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(A)) is amended by— (A) redesignating clause (vi) and clause (vii); and (B) inserting after clause (v) the following: ‘‘(vi) C
RIMES INVOLVING MORAL TURPI -
TUDE .—If the conviction records do not con-clusively establish whether a crime con-stitutes a crime involving moral turpitude, the Secretary or the Attorney General may consider other documentary evidence related to the conviction, including, but not limited to, charging documents, plea agreements, plea colloquies, jury instructions, and police reports, to determine whether the other evi-dence clearly establishes that the conduct in which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime involving moral turpitude.’’. (2) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE .—Section 237(a)(2)(E) of Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘For purposes of this clause’’ and inserting ‘‘For purposes of this subparagraph’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
RIME OF VIOLENCE .—If the conviction records do not conclusively establish wheth-er a conviction constitutes a crime of domes-tic violence, the Secretary or the Attorney General may consider other documentary evidence related to the conviction, includ-ing, but not limited to, charging documents, plea agreements, plea colloquies, jury in-structions, and police reports, that clearly establishes that the conduct in which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime of do-mestic violence.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall— (1) take effect on the date of enactment of this Act; and (2) shall apply to an act that occurs before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1605. PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL ENTRY; EN-HANCED PENALTIES FOR ENTERING WITH INTENT TO AID, ABET, OR COMMIT TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 275 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325) is amended by striking the section designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘may be imposed.’’ in the undesignated mat-ter following subsection (b)(2) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 275. ILLEGAL ENTRY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) BARS TO IMMIGRATION RELIEF AND BENE -
FITS.—Any alien shall be ineligible for all immigration benefits or relief available under the immigration laws, including relief under sections 240A(b)(1), 240B(b), 245, 248, and 249, other than asylum, relief as a victim of trafficking under section 101(a)(15)(T), re-lief as a victim of criminal activity under section 101(a)(15)(U), relief under the Vio-lence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been battered or subjected to extreme cru-elty, relief as a battered spouse or child under section 240A(b)(2), withholding of re-moval under section 241(b)(3), or protection from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984, if the alien— ‘‘(A) enters, crosses, or attempts to enter or cross the border into, the United States at any time or place other than as designated by immigration officers; ‘‘(B) eludes, at any time or place, examina-tion or inspection by an authorized immigra-tion, customs, or agriculture officer (includ-ing failing to stop at the command of such officer); or ‘‘(C) enters or crosses the border to the United States and, upon examination or in-spection, makes a false or misleading rep-resentation or conceals a material fact, in-cluding such representation or willful con-cealment in the context of arrival, reporting, entry, or clearance, requirements of the cus-toms laws, immigration laws, agriculture laws, or shipping laws. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL OFFENSES .—An alien shall be subject to the penalties under paragraph (3) if the alien— ‘‘(A) enters, crosses, or attempts to enter or cross the border into, the United States at any time or place other than as designated by immigration officers; ‘‘(B) eludes, at any time or place, examina-tion or inspection by an authorized immigra-tion, customs, or agriculture officer (includ-ing failing to stop at the command of such officer); or ‘‘(C) enters or crosses the border to the United States and, upon examination or in-spection, makes a false or misleading rep-resentation or conceals a material fact, in-cluding such representation or concealment in the context of arrival, reporting, entry, or clearance, requirements of the customs laws, immigration laws, agriculture laws, or ship-ping laws. ‘‘(3) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .—Any alien who violates any provision under paragraph (1) by engaging in conduct described in subpara-graph (A), (B), or (C) of that paragraph— ‘‘(A) shall, for the first violation, be fined under title 18, United States Code, impris-oned not more than 6 months, or both; ‘‘(B) shall, for a second or subsequent vio-lation, or following an order of voluntary de-parture, be fined under such title, impris-oned not more than 2 years, or both; ‘‘(C) if the violation occurs after the alien has been convicted of 3 or more mis-demeanors (at least 1 of which involves con-trolled substances, abuse of a minor, traf-ficking or smuggling, or any offense that may result in serious bodily harm or injury to another person), a significant mis-demeanor, or a felony, shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(D) if the violation occurs after the alien has been convicted of a felony for which the alien received a term of imprisonment of not less than 30 months, shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; and ‘‘(E) if the violation occurs after the alien has been convicted of a felony for which the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00082 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1011 February 14, 2018 
alien received a term of imprisonment of not less than 60 months, such alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘(4) P
RIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convic-tions described in subparagraphs (C) through (E) of paragraph (3) are elements of the of-fenses described in that paragraph and the penalties described in such subparagraphs shall apply only in cases in which the 1 or more convictions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(A) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(B) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial; or ‘‘(C) admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(5) D
URATION OF OFFENSES .—An offense under this subsection continues until the alien is discovered within the United States by an immigration, customs, or agriculture officer. ‘‘(6) A
TTEMPT .—Any person who attempts to commit any offense under this section shall be punished in the same manner as for a completion of such offense. ‘‘(b) I
MPROPER TIME OR PLACE ; CIVIL PEN-
ALTIES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien who is appre-hended while entering, attempting to enter, or crossing or attempting to cross the border to the United States at a time or place other than as designated by an immigration officer shall be subject to a civil penalty, in addi-tion to any criminal or other civil penalties that may be imposed under any other provi-sion of law, in an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) not less than $50 but not more than $250 for each such entry, crossing, attempted entry, or attempted crossing; or ‘‘(B) twice the amount described in sub-paragraph (A) if the alien had previously been subject to a civil penalty under this subsection. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Civil penalties under paragraph (1) are in addition to, and not in place of, any criminal or other civil penalties that may be imposed.’’. (b) E
NHANCED PENALTIES .—Section 275 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) E
NHANCED PENALTY FOR TERRORIST  A
LIENS .—Any alien who commits an offense described in subsection (a) for the purpose of engaging in, or with the intent to engage in, any Federal crime of terrorism (as defined in section 2332b(g) of title 18, United States Code) shall be imprisoned for not less than 10 years and not more than 30 years.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 275 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 275. Illegal entry.’’. (d) A
PPLICATION .— (1) P
RIOR CONVICTIONS .—Section 275(a)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act shall apply only to violations of section 275(a)(2) of that Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)(2)) committed on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) B
ARS TO IMMIGRATION RELIEF AND BENE -
FITS.—Section 275(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)(2)) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and apply to any alien who, on or after that date of enactment— (A) enters or crosses, or attempts to enter or cross, the border into the United States at any time or place other than as designated by immigration officers; (B) eludes, at any time or place, examina-tion or inspection by an authorized immigra-tion, customs, or agriculture officer (includ-ing failing to stop at the command of such officer); or (C) enters or crosses the border to the United States and, upon examination or in-spection, makes a false or misleading rep-resentation or conceals a material fact, in-cluding such representation or concealment in the context of arrival, reporting, entry, or clearance, requirements of the customs laws, immigration laws, agriculture laws, or ship-ping laws. SEC. 1606. PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF RE-MOVED ALIENS. 
(a) S HORT TITLES .—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Illegal Reentry Act’’ or ‘‘Kate’s Law’’. (b) I
NCREASED PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF  R
EMOVED ALIEN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 276 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 276. REENTRY OF REMOVED ALIEN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) B
ARS TO IMMIGRATION RELIEF AND BENE -
FITS.—Any alien who has been denied admis-sion, excluded, deported, or removed or has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal is out-standing shall be ineligible for all immigra-tion benefits or relief available under the im-migration laws, including relief under sec-tions 240A(b)(1), 240B(b), 245, 248, and 249, other than asylum, relief as a victim of traf-ficking under section 101(a)(15)(T), relief as a victim of criminal activity under section 101(a)(15)(U), relief under the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been bat-tered or subjected to extreme cruelty, relief as a battered spouse or child under section 240A(b)(2), withholding of removal under sec-tion 241(b)(3), or protection from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984, if, after such denial, exclusion, deportation, re-moval, or departure, the alien enters, at-tempts to enter, crosses the border into, at-tempts to cross the border into, or is at any time found in, the United States, unless— ‘‘(A) if the alien is seeking admission more than 10 years after the date of the alien’s last departure from the United States, the Secretary, before the alien’s reembarkation at a place outside of the United States or the alien’s application for admission from a for-eign contiguous territory, has expressly con-sented to such alien’s reapplying for admis-sion; or ‘‘(B) with respect to an alien previously de-nied admission and removed, such alien es-tablishes that the alien was not required to obtain such advance consent under this Act or any other Act. ‘‘(2) C
RIMINAL OFFENSES .—Any alien who— ‘‘(A) has been denied admission, deported, or removed or has departed the United States while an order of deportation, or re-moval is outstanding; and ‘‘(B) after such denial, removal or depar-ture, enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border into, attempts to cross the border into, or is at any time found in, the United States, unless— ‘‘(i) if the alien is seeking admission more than 10 years after the date of the alien’s last departure from the United States, the Secretary, before the alien’s reembarkation at a place outside the United States or the alien’s application for admission from a for-eign contiguous territory, has expressly con-sented to such alien’s reapplying for admis-sion; or ‘‘(ii) with respect to an alien previously de-nied admission and removed, such alien es-tablishes that the alien was not required to obtain such advance consent under this Act or any other Act, ‘‘shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(b) CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR REENTRY OF  C
ERTAIN REMOVED ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) R
EENTRY AFTER REMOVAL .—Notwith- standing the penalties under subsection (a)(2), and except as provided in subsection (c)— ‘‘(A) an alien described in subsection (a) who has been excluded from the United States pursuant to section 235(c) because the alien was excludable under section 212(a)(3)(B) or who has been removed from the United States pursuant to the provisions of title V, and thereafter, without the per-mission of the Secretary, enters the United States, or attempts to enter the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, and imprisoned for a period of 15 years, which sentence shall not run con-currently with any other sentence; ‘‘(B) an alien described in subsection (a) who was removed from the United States pursuant to section 237(a)(4)(B) and there-after, without the permission of the Sec-retary, enters, attempts to enter, or is at any time found in, the United States (unless the Secretary has expressly consented to such alien’s reentry) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned for not more than 15 years, or both; and ‘‘(C) an alien described in subsection (a) who has been denied admission, excluded, de-ported, or removed 2 or more times for any reason and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border into, attempts to cross the border into, or is at any time found in, the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both. ‘‘(2) R
EENTRY OF CRIMINAL ALIENS AFTER  
REMOVAL .—Notwithstanding the penalties under subsection (a)(2), and except as pro-vided in subsection (c)— ‘‘(A) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure, of a significant mis-demeanor shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(B) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure, of 2 or more mis-demeanors involving drugs, crimes against the person, or both, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(C) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure, of 3 or more mis-demeanors for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 90 days for each offense, or 12 months in the ag-gregate, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(D) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure, of a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of impris-onment of not less than 30 months shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; ‘‘(E) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure, of a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of impris-onment of not less than 5 years shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; ‘‘(F) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted of 3 or more felonies of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00083 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1012 February 14, 2018 
any kind shall be fined under such title, im-prisoned not more than 25 years, or both; and ‘‘(G) an alien described in subsection (a) who was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure or after such removal or departure, for murder, rape, kidnapping, or a felony offense described in chapter 77 (relating to peonage and slavery) or 113B (re-lating to terrorism) of such title shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 25 years, or both. ‘‘(c) M
ANDATORY MINIMUM CRIMINAL PEN-
ALTY FOR REENTRY OF CERTAIN REMOVED  A
LIENS .—Notwithstanding the penalties under subsections (a) and (b), an alien de-scribed in subsection (a) shall be imprisoned not less than 5 years and not more than 20 years, and may, in addition, be fined under title 18, United States Code, if the alien— ‘‘(1) was convicted, on a date that is before the date on which the alien was subject to removal or departure, of an aggravated fel-ony; or ‘‘(2) was convicted at least twice of illegal reentry under this section on 1 or more dates that are before the date on which such re-moval or departure. ‘‘(d) P
ROOF OF PRIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convictions described in subsection (b)(2) are elements of the crimes described in that subsection, and the penalties in that subsection shall apply only in cases in which the 1 or more convictions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(1) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(2)(A) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial; or ‘‘(B) admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(e) A
FFIRMATIVE DEFENSES .—It shall be an affirmative defense to a violation of this sec-tion that— ‘‘(1) on a date that is before the date of the alleged violation, the alien sought and re-ceived the express consent of the Secretary to reapply for admission into the United States; or ‘‘(2) with respect to an alien previously de-nied admission and removed, the alien— ‘‘(A) was not required to obtain such ad-vance consent under this Act or any other Act; and ‘‘(B) complied with all other laws and regu-lations governing the alien’s admission into the United States. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON COLLATERAL ATTACK ON  U
NDERLYING REMOVAL ORDER .—In a criminal proceeding under this section, an alien may not challenge the validity of a removal order described in subsection (a), (b), or (c) con-cerning the alien unless the alien dem-onstrates that— ‘‘(1) the alien exhausted any administra-tive remedies that may have been available to seek relief against the order; ‘‘(2) the removal or deportation pro-ceedings at which the order was issued im-properly deprived the alien of the oppor-tunity for judicial review; and ‘‘(3) the entry of the order was fundamen-tally unfair. ‘‘(g) R
EENTRY OF ALIEN REMOVED BEFORE  
THECOMPLETION OF THE TERM OF IMPRISON -
MENT .—Any alien removed pursuant to sec-tion 241(a)(4) who enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border into, attempts to cross the border into, or is at any time found in, the United States— ‘‘(1) shall be incarcerated for the remain-der of the sentence of imprisonment that was pending at the time of deportation or re-moval without any reduction for parole or supervised release unless the alien affirma-tively demonstrates that the Secretary has expressly consented to the alien’s reentry (if a request for consent to reapply is author-ized under this section); and ‘‘(2) shall be subject to such other penalties relating to the reentry of removed aliens as may be available under this section or any other provision of law. ‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
ROSS THE BORDER .—The term ‘cross the border’ refers to the physical act of crossing the border, regardless of whether the alien is free from official restraint. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means any criminal offense punishable by a term of im-prisonment of more than 1 year under the laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(3) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means any criminal offense pun-ishable by a term of imprisonment of not more than 1 year under the applicable laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(4) R
EMOVAL .—The term ‘removal’ in-cludes any denial of admission, deportation, or removal, or any agreement by which an alien stipulates or agrees to deportation, or removal. ‘‘(5) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ means a mis-demeanor crime that— ‘‘(A) involves the use or attempted use of physical force, or threatened use of a deadly weapon, committed by a current or former spouse, parent, or guardian of the victim, by a person with whom the victim shares a child in common, by a person who is cohab-iting with or has cohabited with the victim as a spouse, parent, or guardian, or by a per-son similarly situated to a spouse, parent, or guardian of the victim; ‘‘(B) is a sexual assault (as defined in sec-tion 40002(a) of the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a)); ‘‘(C) involved the unlawful possession of a firearm (as defined in section 921 of title 18, United States Code); ‘‘(D) is a crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code); or ‘‘(E) is an offense under Federal, State, or Tribal law, that has, as an element, the use or attempted use of physical force or the threatened use of physical force or a deadly weapon. ‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .—Sec- tion 276(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326(a)(1)) shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act and shall apply to any alien who, on or after that date of enactment— (1) has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or removed or has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal is outstanding; and (2) after such denial, exclusion, deportation or removal, enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border into, attempts to cross the border into, or is at any time found in, the United States, unless— (A) if the alien is seeking admission more than 10 years after the date of the alien’s last departure from the United States, the Secretary of Homeland Security, before the alien’s reembarkation at a place outside the United States or the alien’s application for admission from a foreign contiguous terri-tory, has expressly consented to such alien’s reapplying for admission; or (B) with respect to an alien previously de-nied admission and removed, such alien es-tablishes that the alien was not required to obtain such advance consent under the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) or any other Act. SEC. 1607. LAUNDERING OF MONETARY INSTRU-MENTS. 
Section 1956(c)(7)(D) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘sec-tion 1590 (relating to trafficking with respect to peonage, slavery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor),’’ after ‘‘section 1363 (relat-ing to destruction of property within the special maritime and territorial jurisdic-tion),’’. 
SEC. 1608. FREEZING BANK ACCOUNTS OF INTER-NATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZA-TIONS AND MONEY LAUNDERERS. 
Section 981(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5)(A) If a person is arrested or charged in connection with an offense described in sub-paragraph (C) involving the movement of funds into or out of the United States, the Attorney General may apply to any Federal judge or magistrate judge in the district in which the arrest is made or where the charges are filed for an ex parte order re-straining any account held by the person ar-rested or charged for not more than 30 days. Such 30-day period may be extended for good cause shown at a hearing conducted in the manner provided in Rule 43 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure. The court may re-ceive and consider evidence and information submitted by the Government that would be inadmissible under the Federal Rules of Evi-dence. ‘‘(B) The application for a restraining order under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) identify the offense for which the per-son has been arrested or charged; ‘‘(ii) identify the location and description of the accounts to be restrained; and ‘‘(iii) state that the restraining order is needed to prevent the removal of the funds in the account by the person arrested or charged, or by others associated with such person, during the time needed by the Gov-ernment to conduct such investigation as may be necessary to establish whether there is probable cause to believe that the funds in the accounts are subject to forfeiture in con-nection with the commission of any criminal offense. ‘‘(C) An offense described in this subpara-graph is any offense for which forfeiture is authorized under this title, title 31, or the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). ‘‘(D) For purposes of this section— ‘‘(i) the term ‘account’ includes any safe deposit box and any account (as defined in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 5318A(e) of title 31, United States Code) at any financial institution; and ‘‘(ii) the term ‘account held by the person arrested or charged’ includes an account held in the name of such person, and any account over which such person has effective control as a signatory or otherwise. ‘‘(E) A restraining order issued under this paragraph shall not be considered a ‘seizure’ for purposes of section 983(a). ‘‘(F) A restraining order issued under this paragraph may be executed in any district in which the subject account is found, or trans-mitted to the central authority of any for-eign State for service in accordance with any treaty or other international agreement.’’. 
SEC. 1609. CRIMINAL PROCEEDS LAUNDERED THROUGH PREPAID ACCESS DE-VICES, DIGITAL CURRENCIES, OR OTHER SIMILAR INSTRUMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .— (A) A
DDITION OF ISSUERS , REDEEMERS , AND 
CASHIERS OF PREPAID ACCESS DEVICES AND DIG -
ITAL CURRENCIES TO THE DEFINITION OF FINAN -
CIAL INSTITUTIONS .—Section 5312(a)(2)(K) of title 31, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00084 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1013 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(K) an issuer, redeemer, or cashier of travelers’ checks, checks, money orders, pre-paid access devices, digital currencies, or any digital exchanger or tumbler of digital currency;’’. (B) A
DDITION OF PREPAID ACCESS DEVICES TO  
THE DEFINITION OF MONETARY INSTRUMENTS .— Section 5312(a)(3)(B) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘prepaid ac-cess devices,’’ after ‘‘delivery,’’. (C) P
REPAID ACCESS DEVICE .—Section 5312 of such title is amended— (i) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (ii) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) ‘prepaid access device’ means an elec-tronic device or vehicle, such as a card, plate, code, number, electronic serial num-ber, mobile identification number, personal identification number, or other instrument that provides a portal to funds or the value of funds that have been paid in advance and can be retrievable and transferable at some point in the future.’’. (2) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress that de-scribes— (A) the impact of amendments made by paragraph (1) on law enforcement, the pre-paid access device industry, and consumers; and (B) the implementation and enforcement by the Department of the Treasury of the final rule relating to ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act Regulations—Definitions and Other Regula-tions Relating to Prepaid Access’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 45403 (July 29, 2011)). (b) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  S
TRATEGY FOR PREPAID ACCESS DEVICES .— Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) details a strategy to interdict and de-tect prepaid access devices, digital cur-rencies, or other similar instruments, at bor-der crossings and other ports of entry for the United States; and (2) includes an assessment of the infra-structure needed to carry out the strategy detailed pursuant to paragraph (1). (c) M
ONEY SMUGGLING THROUGH BLANK  C
HECKS IN BEARER FORM.—Section 5316 of title 31, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) M
ONETARY INSTRUMENTS WITHAMOUNT  L
EFTBLANK .—For purposes of this section, a monetary instrument in bearer form that has the amount left blank, such that the amount could be filled in by the bearer, shall be considered to have a value of more than $10,000 if the monetary instrument was drawn on an account that contained or was intended to contain more than $10,000 at the time the monetary instrument was— ‘‘(1) transported; or ‘‘(2) negotiated.’’. 
SEC. 1610. CLOSING THE LOOPHOLE ON DRUG CARTEL ASSOCIATES ENGAGED IN MONEY LAUNDERING. 
(a) I NTENT TO CONCEAL OR DISGUISE .—Sec- tion 1956(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘(B) knowing that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Federal law,’’ in clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) knowing that the transaction— ‘‘(i) conceals or disguises, or is intended to conceal or disguise, the nature, source, loca-tion, ownership, or control of the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity; or ‘‘(ii) avoids, or is intended to avoid, a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law,’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘(B) knowing that’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Federal law,’’ in clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) knowing that the monetary instru-ment or funds involved in the transpor-tation, transmission, or transfer represent the proceeds of some form of unlawful activ-ity, and knowing that such transportation, transmission, or transfer— ‘‘(i) conceals or disguises, or is intended to conceal or disguise, the nature, source, loca-tion, ownership, or control of the proceeds of some form of unlawful activity; or ‘‘(ii) avoids, or is intended to avoid, a transaction reporting requirement under State or Federal law,’’. (b) PROCEEDS OF A FELONY .—Section 1956(c)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, and regardless of whether the person knew that the activity constituted a felony’’ before the semicolon at the end. Subtitle G—Protecting National Security and Public Safety CHAPTER 1—GENERAL MATTERS 
SEC. 1701. DEFINITIONS OF TERRORIST ACTIV-ITY, ENGAGE IN TERRORIST ACTIV-ITY, AND TERRORIST ORGANIZA-TION. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ENGAGE IN TERRORIST AC-
TIVITY .—Section 212(a)(3)(B)(iv)(I) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(iv)(I)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(I) to commit a terrorist activity or, under circumstances indicating an intention to cause death, serious bodily harm, or sub-stantial damage to property, to incite an-other person to commit a terrorist activ-ity;’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF TERRORIST ORGANIZA -
TION.—Section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(III) that is a group of 2 or more individ-uals, whether organized or not, which en-gages in, or has a subgroup that engages in, the activities described in subclauses (I) through (VI) of clause (iv), if the group or subgroup presents a threat to the national security of the United States.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—Section 212(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amend-ed by this section, shall apply to— (A) removal proceedings instituted before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) acts and conditions constituting a ground for inadmissibility, excludability, de-portation, or removal occurring or existing before, on, or after such date. 
SEC. 1702. TERRORIST AND SECURITY-RELATED GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY. 
(a) S ECURITY AND RELATED GROUNDS .—Sec- tion 212(a)(3)(A) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(A)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien who a con-sular officer, the Attorney General, or the Secretary knows, or has reasonable ground to believe, seeks to enter the United States to engage solely, principally, or incidentally, in, or who is engaged in— ‘‘(i) any activity— ‘‘(I) to violate any law of the United States relating to espionage or sabotage; or ‘‘(II) to violate or evade any law prohib-iting the export from the United States of goods, technology, or sensitive information; ‘‘(ii) any other activity which would be un-lawful if committed in the United States; or ‘‘(iii) any activity a purpose of which is the opposition to, or the control or overthrow of, the Government of the United States by force, violence, or other unlawful means, is inadmissible.’’. (b) TERRORIST ACTIVITIES .—Section 212(a)(3)(B)(i) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(i)) is amended— (1) in subclause (III), by inserting ‘‘or sub-stantial damage to property’’ before ‘‘, in-cited terrorist activity’’; (2) in subclause (IV), by inserting ‘‘or has been’’ before ‘‘a representative’’; (3) in subclause (V), by inserting ‘‘or has been’’ before ‘‘a member’’; (4) in subclause (VI), by inserting ‘‘or has been’’ before ‘‘a member’’; (5) by amending subclause (VII) to read as follows: ‘‘(VII) endorses or espouses, or has en-dorsed or espoused, terrorist activity or per-suades or has persuaded others to endorse or espouse terrorist activity or support a ter-rorist organization;’’; (6) by amending subclause (IX) to read as follows: ‘‘(IX) is the spouse or child of an alien who is inadmissible under this subparagraph if— ‘‘(aa) the activity causing the alien to be found inadmissible occurred within the last 10 years; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) the spouse or child knew, or should reasonably have known, of the activ-ity causing the alien to be found inadmis-sible under this section; and ‘‘(BB) the consular officer or Attorney General does not have reasonable grounds to believe that the spouse or child has re-nounced the activity causing the alien to be found inadmissible under this section.’’; and (7) by striking the undesignated matter following subclause (IX). (c) P
ALESTINE LIBERATION ORGANIZATION .— Section 212(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) P
ALESTINE LIBERATION ORGANIZA -
TION.—An alien who is an officer, official, representative, or spokesman of the Pal-estine Liberation Organization is considered, for purposes of this Act, to be engaged in ter-rorist activity.’’. (d) B
ARS TO IMMIGRATION RELIEF .—Any alien described in section 212(a)(3)(B) or 237(a)(4)(B) is not eligible and may not apply for any immigration benefits or relief avail-able under this Act. Such aliens are only eli-gible to seek deferral of removal pursuant to the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984. 
SEC. 1703. EXPEDITED REMOVAL FOR ALIENS IN-ADMISSIBLE ON CRIMINAL OR SECU-RITY GROUNDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 238 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1228) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘or who are subject to ter-rorism-related grounds for removal’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘set forth in this sub-section or’’ and inserting ‘‘set forth in this subsection, in lieu of removal proceedings under’’; (B) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (C) in paragraph (5)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00085 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1014 February 14, 2018 
(i) by striking ‘‘described in this section’’ and inserting ‘‘described in paragraph (1) or (2)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Attorney General may grant in the Attorney General’s discretion.’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary or the Attorney General may grant, in the sole and unreviewable discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General, in any proceeding.’’; (D) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respec-tively; and (E) by inserting after paragraph (2) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(3) The Secretary, in the exercise of dis-cretion, may determine inadmissibility under section 212(a)(2) and issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection, in lieu of removal pro-ceedings under section 240, with respect to an alien who— ‘‘(A) has not been admitted or paroled; ‘‘(B) has not been found to have a credible fear of persecution pursuant to the proce-dures set forth in 235(b)(1)(B); and ‘‘(C) is not eligible for a waiver of inadmis-sibility or relief from removal.’’; (3) by redesignating the first subsection (c) as subsection (d); (4) by redesignating the second subsection (c), as so designated by section 617(b)(13) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–720)), as subsection (e); and (5) by inserting after subsection (b) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(c) R
EMOVAL OF ALIENS WHOARESUBJECT  
TOTERRORISM -RELATED GROUNDS FOR RE-
MOVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary— ‘‘(A) notwithstanding section 240, shall— ‘‘(i) determine the inadmissibility of every alien under subclause (I), (II), or (III) of sec-tion 212(a)(3)(B)(i), or the deportability of the alien under section 237(a)(4)(B) as a con-sequence of being described in 1 of such sub-clauses; and ‘‘(ii) issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection to every alien determined to be inadmissible or deportable on a ground described in clause (i); and ‘‘(B) may— ‘‘(i) determine the inadmissibility of any alien under subparagraph (A) or (B) of sec-tion 212(a)(3) (other than subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)), or the de-portability of the alien under subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 237(a)(4) (as a con-sequence of being described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)); and ‘‘(ii) issue an order of removal pursuant to the procedures set forth in this subsection to every alien determined to be inadmissible or deportable on a ground described in clause (i). ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary may not execute any order described in paragraph (1) until 30 days after the date on which such order was issued, unless waived by the alien, to give the alien an opportunity to petition for judicial review under section 242. ‘‘(3) P
ROCEEDINGS .—The Secretary shall prescribe regulations to govern proceedings under this subsection, which shall require that— ‘‘(A) the alien is given reasonable notice of the charges and of the opportunity described in subparagraph (C); ‘‘(B) the alien has the privilege of being represented (at no expense to the Govern-ment) by such counsel, authorized to prac-tice in such proceedings, as the alien shall choose; ‘‘(C) the alien has a reasonable opportunity to inspect the evidence and rebut the charges; ‘‘(D) a determination is made on the record that the individual upon whom the notice for the proceeding under this section is served (either in person or by mail) is, in fact, the alien named in such notice; ‘‘(E) a record is maintained for judicial re-view; and ‘‘(F) the final order of removal is not adju-dicated by the same person who issues the charges. ‘‘(4) LIMITATION ON RELIEF FROM RE -
MOVAL .—No alien described in this sub-section shall be eligible for any relief from removal that the Secretary may grant in the Secretary’s discretion.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by striking the item relating to section 238 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 238. Expedited removal of aliens con-victed of aggravated felonies or who are subject to terrorism-re-lated grounds for removal.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, but shall not apply to aliens who are in removal proceedings under section 240 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a) on such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1704. DETENTION OF REMOVABLE ALIENS. 
(a) C RIMINAL ALIEN ENFORCEMENT PART-
NERSHIPS .—Section 287 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357), as amended by section 1123, is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(j) C
RIMINAL ALIEN ENFORCEMENT PART-
NERSHIPS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into a written agreement with a State, or with any political subdivision of a State, to authorize the temporary placement of 1 or more U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents or officers or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents or investiga-tors at a local police department or pre-cinct— ‘‘(A) to determine the immigration status of any individual arrested by a State, coun-ty, or local police, enforcement, or peace of-ficer for any criminal offense; ‘‘(B) to issue charging documents and no-tices related to the initiation of removal proceedings or reinstatement of prior re-moval orders under section 241(a)(5); ‘‘(C) to enter information directly into the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) database, Immigration Violator File, includ-ing— ‘‘(i) the alien’s address; ‘‘(ii) the reason for the arrest; ‘‘(iii) the legal cite of the State law vio-lated or for which the alien is charged; ‘‘(iv) the alien’s driver’s license number and State of issuance, if the alien has a driv-er’s license; ‘‘(v) any other identification document held by the alien and issuing entity for such identification documents; and ‘‘(vi) any identifying marks, such as tat-toos, birthmarks, and scars; ‘‘(D) to collect biometrics, including iris, fingerprint, photographs, and signature, of the alien and to enter such information into the Automated Biometric Identification Sys-tem (IDENT) and any other Department of Homeland Security or law enforcement data-base authorized for storage of biometric in-formation for aliens; and ‘‘(E) to make advance arrangements for the immediate transfer from State to Fed-eral custody of any criminal alien when the alien is released, without regard to whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation, and without regard to whether the alien may be arrested and im-prisoned again for the same offense. ‘‘(2) LENGTH OF TEMPORARY DUTY ASSIGN -
MENTS .—The initial period for a temporary duty assignment authorized under this sub-section shall be 1 year. The temporary duty assignment may be extended for additional periods of time as agreed to by the Secretary and the State or political subdivision of the State to ensure continuity of operations, co-operation, and coverage. ‘‘(3) T
ECHNOLOGY USAGE .—The Secretary shall provide U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, officers, and investiga-tors on a temporary duty assignment under this subsection mobile access to Federal databases containing alien information, live scan technology for collection of biometrics, and video-conferencing capability for use at local police departments or precincts in re-mote locations. ‘‘(4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act, the Secretary shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on the Judici-ary of the Senate, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that identifies— ‘‘(A) the number of States that have en-tered into an agreement under this sub-section; ‘‘(B) the number of criminal aliens proc-essed by the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection agent or officer or U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agent or investi-gator during the temporary duty assign-ment; and ‘‘(C) the number of criminal aliens trans-ferred from State to Federal custody during the agreement period.’’. (b) D
ETENTION , RELEASE , AND REMOVAL OF  A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .— (1) R
EMOVAL PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 241(a)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .—Section 241(a)(1)(B) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(1)(B)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) B
EGINNING OF PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the removal period begins on the date that is the latest of the following: ‘‘(I) If the alien is ordered removed, the date pursuant to an administratively final removal order and the Secretary takes the alien into custody for removal. ‘‘(II) If the alien is detained or confined (except under an immigration process), the date on which the alien is released from de-tention or confinement. ‘‘(ii) B
EGINNING OF REMOVAL PERIOD FOL -
LOWING A TRANSFER OF CUSTODY .—If the Sec-retary transfers custody of the alien pursu-ant to law to another Federal agency or to an agency of a State or local government in connection with the official duties of such agency, the removal period for the alien— ‘‘(I) shall be tolled; and ‘‘(II) shall resume on the date on which the alien is returned to the custody of the Sec-retary.’’. (C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .—Section 241(a)(1)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(1)(C)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the alien may remain in deten-tion during such extended period if— ‘‘(i) the alien fails or refuses to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the order of removal or to fully cooperate with the ef-forts of the Secretary to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the order of removal, including making timely application in good 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00086 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1015 February 14, 2018 
faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure; ‘‘(ii) the alien conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal subject to an order of re-moval; or ‘‘(iii) the court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of the removal of the alien.’’. (2) D
ETENTION .—Section 241(a)(2) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(2)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—’’ before ‘‘During’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) D
URING A PENDENCY OF A STAY .—If a court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of re-moval of an alien who is subject to an order of removal, the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable exercise of discretion, and notwithstanding any provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, may detain the alien during the pendency of such stay of removal.’’. (3) S
USPENSION AFTER 90 -DAY PERIOD .—Sec- tion 241(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(3)) is amended— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘At-torney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (C) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the alien’s conduct or activities, or to perform affirmative acts, that the Secretary pre-scribes for the alien, in order to prevent the alien from absconding, for the protection of the community, or for other purposes related to the enforcement of the immigration laws.’’. (4) A
LIENS IMPRISONED , ARRESTED , OR ON PA -
ROLE , SUPERVISED RELEASE , OR PROBATION .— Section 241(a)(4) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(4)) is amend-ed— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘At-torney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (ii) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘if the Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘if the Sec-retary’’; and (iii) in clause (ii)(III), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (5) R
EINSTATEMENT OF REMOVAL ORDERS  
AGAINST ALIENS ILLEGALLY REENTERING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 241(a)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(5)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(5) R
EINSTATEMENT OF REMOVAL ORDERS  
AGAINST ALIENS ILLEGALLY REENTERING .—If the Secretary determines that an alien has entered the United States illegally after hav-ing been removed, deported, or excluded, or having departed voluntarily, under an order of removal, deportation, or exclusion, re-gardless of the date of the original order or the date of the illegal entry— ‘‘(A) the order of removal, deportation, or exclusion is reinstated from its original date and is not subject to being reopened or re-viewed notwithstanding section 242(a)(2)(D); ‘‘(B) the alien is not eligible and may not apply for any relief under this Act, regard-less of the date on which an application or request for such relief may have been filed or made; ‘‘(C) the alien shall be removed under the order of removal, deportation, or exclusion at any time after the illegal entry; and ‘‘(D) reinstatement under subparagraph (A) shall not require proceedings under section 240 or other proceedings before an immigra-tion judge.’’. (B) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—Section 242 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1252) is amended by— (i) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘grant, rescind, or deny any form of discretionary relief under this title, or to’’ before ‘‘com-mence’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DECISION TO REIN-
STATE REMOVAL ORDER UNDER SECTION  
241(A)(5) .— ‘‘(1) R
EVIEW OF DECISION TO REINSTATE RE -
MOVAL ORDER .—Judicial review of determina-tions under section 241(a)(5) is available in an action under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) N
O REVIEW OF ORIGINAL ORDER .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law (statutory or nonstatutory), including sec-tion 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, or sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to review any cause or claim, arising from, or relating to, any chal-lenge to the original order.’’. (C) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by subparagraphs (A) and (B) shall take effect as if enacted on April 1, 1997, and shall apply to all orders reinstated or after that date by the Secretary of Home-land Security (or by the Attorney General before March 1, 2003), regardless of the date of the original order. (6) I
NADMISSIBLE OR CRIMINAL ALIENS .—Sec- tion 241(a)(6) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)(6)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘removal period and, if re-leased,’’ and inserting ‘‘removal period, in the discretion of the Secretary, without any limitations other than those specified in this section, until the alien is removed,’’. (7) P
AROLE ; ADDITIONAL RULES ; JUDICIAL RE -
VIEW.—Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amend-ed— (A) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (B) by redesignating paragraph (7) as para-graph (15); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (6) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(7) P
AROLE .—Except for aliens subject to detention under paragraph (6) and aliens sub-ject to detention under section 236(c), 236A, or 238, if an alien who is detained is an appli-cant for admission, the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, may parole the alien under section 212(d)(5) and may provide, notwithstanding section 212(d)(5), that the alien shall not be returned to custody unless the alien violates the con-ditions of such parole or the alien’s removal becomes reasonably foreseeable, provided that in no circumstance shall such alien be considered admitted. ‘‘(8) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS WHO WERE PRE -
VIOUSLY ADMITTED TO THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(A) A
PPLICATION .—The procedures set out under this paragraph— ‘‘(i) apply only to an alien who was pre-viously admitted to the United States; and ‘‘(ii) do not apply to any other alien, in-cluding an alien detained pursuant to para-graph (6). ‘‘(B) E
STABLISHMENT OF DETENTION REVIEW  
PROCESS FOR ALIENS WHO FULLY COOPERATE  
WITH REMOVAL .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH .—If an alien has made all reasonable efforts to com-ply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the efforts of the Secretary to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely ap-plication in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s depar-ture, and has not conspired or acted to pre-vent removal, the Secretary shall establish an administrative review process to deter-mine whether the alien should be detained or released on conditions. ‘‘(ii) DETERMINATIONS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) make a determination whether to re-lease an alien described in clause (i) after the end of the alien’s removal period; and ‘‘(II) in making a determination under sub-clause (I), consider any evidence submitted by the alien, and may consider any other evi-dence, including any information or assist-ance provided by the Department of State or other Federal agency and any other informa-tion available to the Secretary pertaining to the ability to remove the alien. ‘‘(9) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND THE RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .—The Secretary, in the exer-cise of discretion, without any limitations other than those specified in this section, may continue to detain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any ex-tension of the removal period as provided in paragraph (1)(C))— ‘‘(A) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary determines that— ‘‘(i) there is a significant likelihood that the alien will be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; ‘‘(ii) the alien would be removed in the rea-sonably foreseeable future, or would have been removed, but for the alien’s failure or refusal to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to cooper-ate fully with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely ap-plication in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s depar-ture, or conspiracies or acts to prevent re-moval; ‘‘(iii) the government of the foreign coun-try of which the alien is a citizen, subject, national, or resident is denying or unreason-ably delaying accepting the return of the alien after the Secretary asks whether the government will accept an alien under sec-tion 243(d); or ‘‘(iv) the government of the foreign coun-try of which the alien is a citizen, subject, national, or resident is refusing to issue any required travel or identity documents to allow the alien to return to that country; ‘‘(B) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary certifies in writing— ‘‘(i) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; ‘‘(ii) after receipt of a written rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; ‘‘(iii) based on information available to the Secretary (including classified, sensitive, or other information, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; ‘‘(iv) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or any person, and either— ‘‘(I) the alien has been convicted of 1 or more aggravated felonies (as defined in sec-tion 101(a)(43)), 1 or more crimes identified by the Secretary by regulation, or 1 or more attempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, provided that the aggregate term of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00087 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1016 February 14, 2018 
imprisonment for such attempts or conspir-acies is at least 5 years; or ‘‘(II) the alien has committed 1 or more violent offenses (but not including a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behav-ior associated with that condition or dis-order, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or ‘‘(v) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or any person, and the alien has been convicted of at least one aggravated fel-ony (as defined in section 101(a)(43)); and ‘‘(C) pending a determination under sub-paragraph (B), if the Secretary has initiated the administrative review process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the re-moval period (including any extension of the removal period as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). ‘‘(10) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(A) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary may renew a certification under paragraph (9)(B)(ii) every 6 months without limitation, after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under paragraph (9)(B). ‘‘(B) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 103, the Secretary may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in clause (ii), (iii), or (iv) of para-graph (9)(B) to an official below the level of the Director of U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement. ‘‘(11) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If the Sec-retary determines that an alien should be re-leased from detention, the Secretary, in the exercise of discretion, may impose condi-tions on release as provided in paragraph (3). ‘‘(12) R
EDETENTION .—The Secretary, in the exercise of discretion, without any limita-tions other than those specified in this sec-tion, may again detain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody if the alien fails to comply with the conditions of release or to continue to sat-isfy the conditions described in paragraph (8), or if, upon reconsideration, the Secretary determines that the alien can be detained under paragraph (9). Paragraphs (6) through (14) shall apply to any alien returned to cus-tody pursuant to this paragraph, as if the re-moval period terminated on the day of the redetention. ‘‘(13) C
ERTAIN ALIENS WHO EFFECTED  
ENTRY .—If an alien has entered the United States, but has not been lawfully admitted nor physically present in the United States continuously for the 2-year period imme-diately preceding the commencement of re-moval proceedings under this Act against the alien, the Secretary, in the exercise of discretion, may decide not to apply para-graph (8) and detain the alien without any limitations except those which the Secretary shall adopt by regulation. ‘‘(14) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Without regard to the place of confinement, judicial review of any action or decision pursuant to paragraph (6) through (14) shall be available exclusively in habeas corpus proceedings instituted in the United States District Court for the Dis-trict of Columbia, and only if the alien has exhausted all administrative remedies (stat-utory and regulatory) available to the alien as of right.’’. (c) D
ETENTION OF ALIENS DURING REMOVAL  P
ROCEEDINGS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 235 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may be de-tained under this section while proceedings are pending, without limitation, until the alien is subject to an administratively final order of removal or final grant of relief. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT ON DETENTION UNDER SECTION  
241.—The length of detention under this sec-tion shall not affect the validity of any de-tention under section 241. ‘‘(f) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Without regard to the place of confinement, judicial review of any action or decision made pursuant to sub-section (e) shall be available exclusively in a habeas corpus proceeding instituted in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia and only if the alien has ex-hausted all administrative remedies (statu-tory and nonstatutory) available to the alien as of right.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (f); (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may be de-tained under this section, without limita-tion, until the alien is subject to an adminis-tratively final order of removal or final grant of relief. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT ON DETENTION UNDER SECTION  
241.—The length of detention under this sec-tion shall not affect the validity of any de-tention under section 241.’’; and (C) in subsection (f), as so redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Without re-gard to the place of confinement, judicial re-view of any action or decision made pursuant to subsection (e) shall be available exclu-sively in a habeas corpus proceeding insti-tuted in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, and only if the alien has exhausted all administrative rem-edies (statutory and nonstatutory) available to the alien as of right.’’. (d) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ’SDISCRETION IN DE-
TERMINING COUNTRIES OF REMOVAL .—Section 241(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C)(iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or the At-torney General decides that removing the alien to such country is prejudicial to the in-terests of the United States.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(E)(vii), by inserting ‘‘or the Attorney General decides that removing the alien to 1 or more of such countries is prejudicial to the interests of the United States,’’ after ‘‘this subparagraph,’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATES AND APPLICATION .— (1) A
MENDMENTS MADE BY SUBSECTION (B) .— The amendments made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Section 241 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as amended by subsection (b), shall apply to— (A) all aliens subject to a final administra-tive removal, deportation, or exclusion order that was issued before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) acts and conditions occurring or exist-ing before, on, or after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) A
MENDMENTS MADE BY SUBSECTION (C) .— The amendments made by subsection (c) shall take effect upon the date of the enact-ment of this Act. Sections 235 and 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amend-ed by subsection (c), shall apply to any alien in detention under provisions of such sec-tions on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 1705. GAO STUDY ON DEATHS IN CUSTODY. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to Congress on the deaths in custody of detainees held by the Department of Home-land Security, which shall include, with re-spect to any such deaths— (1) whether such death could have been prevented by the delivery of medical treat-ment administered while the detainee was in the custody of the Department of Homeland Security; (2) whether Department practices and pro-cedures were properly followed and obeyed; (3) whether such practices and procedures are sufficient to protect the health and safe-ty of such detainees; and (4) whether reports of such deaths were made to the Deaths in Custody Reporting Program. 
SEC. 1706. GAO STUDY ON MIGRANT DEATHS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives a report that describes— (1) the total number of migrant deaths along the southern border during the pre-vious 7 years; (2) the total number of unidentified de-ceased migrants found along the southern border in the previous 7 years; (3) the level of cooperation between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, State and local law enforcement agencies, foreign dip-lomatic and consular posts, nongovern-mental organizations, and family members to accurately identify deceased individuals; (4) the use of DNA testing and sharing of such data between U.S. Customs and Border Protection, State and local law enforcement agencies, foreign diplomatic and consular posts, and nongovernmental organizations to accurately identify deceased individuals; (5) the comparison of DNA data with infor-mation on Federal, State, and local missing person registries; and (6) the procedures and processes U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection has in place for notification of relevant authorities or family members after missing persons are identified through DNA testing. 
SEC. 1707. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR VISA, NATURALIZATION, AND OTHER FRAUD OFFENSES INVOLVING WAR CRIMES, CRIMES AGAINST HUMAN-ITY, OR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA-TIONS. 
(a) S TATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR VISA F
RAUD AND OTHER OFFENSES .—Chapter 213 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3302. Fraud in connection with certain human rights violations, crimes against hu-manity, or war crimes ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—No person shall be pros-ecuted, tried, or punished for violation of any provision of section 1001, 1015, 1425, 1546, 1621, or 3291, or for attempt or conspiracy to violate any provision of such sections, if the fraudulent conduct, misrepresentation, con-cealment, or fraudulent, fictitious, or false statement concerns the alleged offender’s— ‘‘(1) participation, at any time, at any place, and irrespective of the nationality of the alleged offender or any victim, in a human rights violation, crime against hu-manity, or war crime; or ‘‘(2) membership in, service in, or author-ity over a military, paramilitary, or law en-forcement organization that participated in 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00088 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1017 February 14, 2018 
such conduct during any part of any period in which the alleged offender was a member of, served in, or had authority over the orga-nization, unless the indictment is found or the information is instituted within 20 years after the commission of the offense. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘extrajudicial killing under color of law’ means conduct described in sec-tion 212(a)(3)(E)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(E)(iii)); ‘‘(2) the term ‘female genital mutilation’ means conduct described in section 116; ‘‘(3) the term ‘genocide’ means conduct de-scribed in section 1091(a); ‘‘(4) the term ‘human rights violation or war crime’ means genocide, incitement to genocide, war crimes, torture, female genital mutilation, extrajudicial killing under color of law, persecution, particularly severe vio-lations of religious freedom, the use or re-cruitment of child soldiers, or other serious violation of human rights; ‘‘(5) the term ‘incitement to genocide’ means conduct described in section 1091(c); ‘‘(6) the term ‘particularly severe violation of religious freedom’ means conduct de-scribed in section 3(3) of the International Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6402(13)); ‘‘(7) the term ‘persecution’ means conduct that is a bar to relief under section 208(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)(i)); ‘‘(8) the term ‘torture’ means conduct de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of section 2340; ‘‘(9) the term ‘use or recruitment of child soldiers’ means conduct described in sub-sections (a) and (d) of section 2442; ‘‘(10) the term ‘war crimes’ means conduct described in subsections (c) and (d) of section 2441; and ‘‘(11) the term ‘crimes against humanity’ means conduct described in section 212(a)(3)(E)(iii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(iii)).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 213 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3302. Fraud in connection with certain human rights violations, crimes against humanity, or war crimes.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to fraudulent con-duct, misrepresentations, concealments, and fraudulent, fictitious, or false statements made or committed before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1708. CRIMINAL DETENTION OF ALIENS TO PROTECT PUBLIC SAFETY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3142(e) of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(e) D
ETENTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If, after a hearing pursu-ant to the provisions of subsection (f), the ju-dicial officer finds that no condition or com-bination of conditions will reasonably assure the appearance of the person as required and the safety of any other person and the com-munity, such judicial officer shall order the detention of the person before trial. ‘‘(2) P
RESUMPTION ARISING FROM OFFENSES  
DESCRIBED IN SUBSECTION (F)(1) .—In a case de-scribed in subsection (f)(1), a rebuttable pre-sumption arises that no condition or com-bination of conditions will reasonably assure the safety of any other person and the com-munity if the judicial officer finds that— ‘‘(A) the person has been convicted of a Federal offense that is described in sub-section (f)(1), or of a State or local offense that would have been an offense described in subsection (f)(1) if a circumstance giving rise to Federal jurisdiction had existed; ‘‘(B) the offense described in subparagraph (A) was committed while the person was on release pending trial for a Federal, State, or local offense; and ‘‘(C) not more than 5 years has elapsed since the later of the date of conviction or the date of the release of the person from im-prisonment for the offense described in sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(3) PRESUMPTION ARISING FROM OTHER OF -
FENSES INVOLVING ILLEGAL SUBSTANCES , FIRE-
ARMS , VIOLENCE , OR MINORS .—Subject to re-buttal by the person, it shall be presumed that no condition or combination of condi-tions will reasonably assure the appearance of the person as required and the safety of the community if the judicial officer finds that there is probable cause to believe that the person committed— ‘‘(A) an offense for which a maximum term of imprisonment of 10 years or more is pre-scribed in the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.), the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 951 et seq.), or chapter 705 of title 46; ‘‘(B) an offense under section 924(c), 956(a), or 2332b; ‘‘(C) an offense listed in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) for which a maximum term of imprisonment of 10 years or more is pre-scribed; or ‘‘(D) an offense involving a minor victim under section 1201, 1591, 2241, 2242, 2244(a)(1), 2245, 2251, 2251A, 2252(a)(1), 2252(a)(2), 2252(a)(3), 2252A(a)(1), 2252A(a)(2), 2252A(a)(3), 2252A(a)(4), 2260, 2421, 2422, 2423, or 2425. ‘‘(4) P
RESUMPTION ARISING FROM OFFENSES  
RELATING TO IMMIGRATION LAW .—Subject to rebuttal by the person, it shall be presumed that no condition or combination of condi-tions will reasonably assure the appearance of the person as required if the judicial offi-cer finds that there is probable cause to be-lieve that the person is an alien and that the person— ‘‘(A) has no lawful immigration status in the United States; ‘‘(B) is the subject of a final order of re-moval; or ‘‘(C) has committed a felony offense under section 842(i)(5), 911, 922(g)(5), 1015, 1028, 1028A, 1425, or 1426, or chapter 75 or 77, or sec-tion 243, 274, 275, 276, 277, or 278 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1253, 1324, 1325, 1326, 1327, 1328).’’. (b) I
MMIGRATION STATUS AS FACTOR IN DE-
TERMINING CONDITIONS OF RELEASE .—Section 3142(g)(3) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) whether the person is in a lawful im-migration status, has previously entered the United States illegally, has previously been removed from the United States, or has oth-erwise violated the conditions of his or her lawful immigration status; and’’. 
SEC. 1709. RECRUITMENT OF PERSONS TO PAR-TICIPATE IN TERRORISM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2332b the following: ‘‘§ 2332c. Recruitment of persons to partici-pate in terrorism ‘‘(a) O
FFENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for any person to employ, solicit, induce, com-mand, or cause another person to commit an act of domestic terrorism or international terrorism or a Federal crime of terrorism, with the intent that the other person com-mit such act or crime of terrorism. ‘‘(2) A
TTEMPT AND CONSPIRACY .—It shall be unlawful for any person to attempt or con-spire to commit an offense under paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) PENALTIES .—Any person who violates subsection (a)— ‘‘(1) in the case of an attempt or con-spiracy, shall be fined under this title, im-prisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(2) if death of an individual results, shall be fined under this title, punished by death or imprisoned for any term of years or for life, or both; ‘‘(3) if serious bodily injury to any indi-vidual results, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not less than 10 years nor more than 25 years, or both; and ‘‘(4) in any other case, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed or applied to abridge the exercise of rights guaranteed under the First Amendment to the Constitu-tion of the United States. ‘‘(d) L
ACK OF CONSUMMATED TERRORIST ACT N
OT A DEFENSE .—It is not a defense under this section that the act of domestic ter-rorism or international terrorism or Federal crime of terrorism that is the object of the employment, solicitation, inducement, com-manding, or causing has not been carried out. ‘‘(e) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘Federal crime of terrorism’ has the meaning given that term in section 2332b; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘serious bodily injury’ has the meaning given that term in section 1365(h).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2332b the fol-lowing: ‘‘2332c. Recruitment of persons to participate in terrorism.’’. 
SEC. 1710. BARRING AND REMOVING PERSECU-TORS, WAR CRIMINALS, AND PAR-TICIPANTS IN CRIMES AGAINST HU-MANITY FROM THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY OF PERSECUTORS , WAR C
RIMINALS , AND PARTICIPANTS IN CRIMES  A
GAINST HUMANITY .—Section 212(a)(3)(E) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(E)) is amended— (1) by striking the subparagraph heading and inserting ‘‘P
ARTICIPANTS IN PERSECUTION  
(INCLUDING NAZI PERSECUTIONS) , GENOCIDE , 
WAR CRIMES , CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , OR 
THE COMMISSION OF ANY ACT OF TORTURE OR  
EXTRAJUDICIAL KILLING .—’’; (2) in clause (iii)(II)— (A) by striking ‘‘of any foreign nation’’ and inserting ‘‘(including acts taken as part of an armed group exercising de facto author-ity)’’; and (3) by adding after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) P
ERSECUTORS , WAR CRIMINALS , AND 
PARTICIPANTS IN CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY .— Any alien, including an alien who has or had superior responsibility, who committed, or-dered, incited, assisted, or otherwise partici-pated in a war crime (as defined in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code) or a crime against humanity, or in the persecu-tion of any person on account of race, reli-gion, nationality, membership in a par-ticular social group, or political opinion, is inadmissible. ‘‘(v) C
RIME AGAINST HUMANITY DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘crime against humanity’ means conduct that is part of a widespread or systematic attack targeting any civilian population, with knowledge that the conduct was part of the attack or with the intent that the conduct be part of the at-tack— ‘‘(I) that, if such conduct occurred in the United States or in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, would violate— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00089 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1018 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(aa) section 1111 of title 18, United States Code (relating to murder); ‘‘(bb) section 1201(a) of such title (relating to kidnapping); ‘‘(cc) section 1203(a) of such title (relating to hostage taking), notwithstanding any ex-ception under subsection (b) of such section 1203; ‘‘(dd) section 1581(a) of such title (relating to peonage); ‘‘(ee) section 1583(a)(1) of such title (relat-ing to kidnapping or carrying away individ-uals for involuntary servitude or slavery); ‘‘(ff) section 1584(a) of such title (relating to sale into involuntary servitude); ‘‘(gg) section 1589(a) of such title (relating to forced labor); ‘‘(hh) section 1590(a) of such title (relating to trafficking with respect to peonage, slav-ery, involuntary servitude, or forced labor); ‘‘(ii) section 1591(a) of such title (relating to sex trafficking of children or by force, fraud, or coercion); ‘‘(jj) section 2241(a) of such title (relating to aggravated sexual abuse by force or threat); or ‘‘(kk) section 2242 of such title (relating to sexual abuse); ‘‘(II) that would constitute torture (as de-fined in section 2340(1) of such title); ‘‘(III) that would constitute cruel or inhu-man treatment, as described in section 2441(d)(1)(B) of such title; ‘‘(IV) that would constitute performing bi-ological experiments, as described in section 2441(d)(1)(C) of such title; ‘‘(V) that would constitute mutilation or maiming, as described in section 2441(d)(1)(E) of such title; or ‘‘(VI) that would constitute intentionally causing serious bodily injury, as described in section 2441(d)(1)(F) of such title. ‘‘(vi) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) the term ‘superior responsibility’ means— ‘‘(aa) a leader, a member of a military, or a person with effective control of military forces, or a person with de facto or de jure control of an armed group; ‘‘(bb) who knew or should have known that a subordinate or someone under his or her de facto or de jure control is committing acts described in subsection (a), is about to com-mit such acts, or had committed such acts; and ‘‘(cc) who fails to take the necessary and reasonable measures to prevent such acts or, for acts that have been committed, to punish the perpetrators of such acts; ‘‘(II) the term ‘systematic’ means the com-mission of a series of acts following a regular pattern and occurring in an organized, non- random manner; and ‘‘(III) the term ‘widespread’ means a single, large scale act or a series of acts directed against a substantial number of victims.’’. (b) R
EMOVAL OF PERSECUTORS .—Section 237(a)(4)(D) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(4)(D)) is amended— (1) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘N
AZI’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or (iii)’’ and inserting ‘‘(iii), or (iv)’’. (c) S
EVERE VIOLATIONS OF RELIGIOUS FREE-
DOM.—Section 212(a)(2)(G) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(G) is amended— (1) in the subparagraph heading, by strik-ing ‘‘F
OREIGN GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS ’’ and inserting ‘‘A
NY PERSONS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘, while serving as a foreign government official,’’. (d) B
ARRING PERSECUTORS FROM ESTAB -
LISHING GOOD MORAL CHARACTER .—Section 101(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(f)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘killings) or 212(a)(2)(G) (relating to severe violations of religious freedom).’’ and inserting ‘‘killings), 212(a)(2)(G) (relating to severe violations of religious freedom), or 212(a)(3)(G) (relating to recruitment and use of child soldiers); or’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (9) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(10) one who at any time committed, or-dered, incited, assisted, or otherwise partici-pated in a war crime (as defined in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code), a crime against humanity, or the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular so-cial group, or political opinion.’’. (e) INCREASING CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR  A
NYONE WHOAIDS AND ABETS THE ENTRY OF  
APERSECUTOR .—Section 277 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1327) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than subpara-graph (E) thereof)’’. (f) I
NCREASING CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR FE-
MALE GENITAL MUTILATION .—Section 116 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both’’ and inserting ‘‘has en-gaged in a violent crime against children under section 3559(f)(3), shall be imprisoned for life or for 10 years or longer’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be imprisoned for life or for 10 years or longer.’’. (g) T
ECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 101(a)(42) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(42)), by inserting ‘‘committed,’’ before ‘‘ordered’’; (2) in section 208(b)(2)(A)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)(i)), by inserting ‘‘committed,’’ before ‘‘ordered’’; and (3) in section 241(b)(3)(B)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(B)(i)), by inserting ‘‘committed,’’ before ‘‘ordered’’. (h) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any offense committed before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1711. CHILD SOLDIER RECRUITMENT INELI-GIBILITY TECHNICAL CORRECTION. 
Section 212(a)(3)(G) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(G)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2442’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 2442(a)’’. 
SEC. 1712. GANG MEMBERSHIP, REMOVAL, AND INCREASED CRIMINAL PENALTIES RELATED TO GANG VIOLENCE. 
(a) D EFINITION OF CRIMINAL GANG.—Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by inserting after paragraph (52) the following: ‘‘(53)(A) The term ‘criminal gang’ means any ongoing group, club, organization, or as-sociation, inside or outside the United States, of 2 or more persons that— ‘‘(i) has, as 1 of its primary purposes, the commission of 1 or more of the criminal of-fenses described in subparagraph (B) and the members of which engage, or have engaged within the past 5 years, in a continuing se-ries of such offenses; or ‘‘(ii) has been designated as a criminal gang by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, as meeting the criteria set forth in clause (i). ‘‘(B) The offenses described in this subpara-graph, whether in violation of Federal or State law or the law of a foreign country and regardless of whether the offenses occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act, are the following: ‘‘(i) Any aggravated felony. ‘‘(ii) A felony drug offense (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)). ‘‘(iii) Any criminal offense described in section 212 or 237. ‘‘(iv) An offense involving illicit traf-ficking in a controlled substance (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)), including a drug traf-ficking crime (as defined in section 924(c) of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(v) An offense under section 274 (relating to bringing in and harboring certain aliens), section 277 (relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States), or section 278 (relating to importation of alien for immoral purpose). ‘‘(vi) Any offense under Federal, State, or Tribal law, that has, as an element of the of-fense, the use or attempted use of physical force or the threatened use of physical force or a deadly weapon. ‘‘(vii) Any offense that has, as an element of the offense, the use, attempted use, or threatened use of any physical object to in-flict or cause (either directly or indirectly) serious bodily injury, including an injury that may ultimately result in the death of a person. ‘‘(viii) An offense involving obstruction of justice or tampering with or retaliating against a witness, victim, or informant. ‘‘(ix) Any conduct punishable under section 1028 or 1029 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents or access devices), sections 1581 through 1594 of such title (relating to peonage, slavery and trafficking in persons), section 1952 of such title (relating to interstate and foreign trav-el or transportation in aid of racketeering enterprises), section 1956 of such title (relat-ing to the laundering of monetary instru-ments), section 1957 of such title (relating to engaging in monetary transactions in prop-erty derived from specified unlawful activ-ity), or sections 2312 through 2315 of such title (relating to interstate transportation of stolen motor vehicles or stolen property). ‘‘(x) A conspiracy or attempt to commit an offense described in clauses (i) through (v). ‘‘(C) Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including any effective date), a group, club, organization, or association shall be considered a criminal gang regard-less of whether the conduct occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act.’’. (b) INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien who a consular officer, the Secretary, or the Attorney Gen-eral knows or has reasonable ground to be-lieve— ‘‘(I) to be or to have been a member of a criminal gang; or ‘‘(II) to have participated in the activities of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to know that such activities promoted or will promote, further, aid, or support the il-legal activity of the criminal gang, is inadmissible. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to an alien who did not know, or should not reasonably have known, of the activity caus-ing the alien to be found inadmissible under this section.’’. (c) D
ESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00090 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1019 February 14, 2018 
‘‘SEC. 220. DESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANGS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Attorney General, and the Secretary of State, may designate a group or association as a criminal gang if their con-duct is described in section 101(a)(53) or if the group’s or association’s conduct poses a sig-nificant risk that threatens the security and the public safety of United States nationals or the national security, homeland security, or economy of the United States. ‘‘(b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—A designation under subsection (a) shall remain in effect until the designation is revoked, after consulta-tion between the Secretary, the Attorney General, and the Secretary of State, or is terminated in accordance with Federal law.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 219 the following: ‘‘220. Designation of criminal gangs.’’ (d) D
EPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien who the Sec-retary or the Attorney General knows or has reason to believe— ‘‘(I) is or has been a member of a criminal gang; or ‘‘(II) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang, is deportable. ‘‘(ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to an alien— ‘‘(I) who did not know, or should not rea-sonably have known, of the activity causing the alien to be found deportable under this section; or ‘‘(II) whom the Secretary or the Attorney General has reasonable grounds to believe has renounced the activity causing the alien to be found deportable under this section.’’. (e) C
ANCELLATION OF REMOVAL .—Section 240A(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229b(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) An alien who is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i) (relat-ing to participation in criminal gangs).’’. (f) V
OLUNTARY DEPARTURE .—Section 240B(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229c(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) L
IMITATION ON VOLUNTARY DEPAR -
TURE .—The Attorney General shall not per-mit an alien to depart voluntarily under this section if the alien— ‘‘(1) was previously permitted to depart voluntarily after having been found inadmis-sible under section 212(a)(6)(A); or ‘‘(2) is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or 237(a)(2)(G)(i) (relating to participation in criminal gangs).’’. (g) A
SYLUM CLAIMS BASED ON GANGAFFILI -
ATION .— (1) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF RESTRICTION ON RE -
MOVAL TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(B)) is amended in the matter preceding clause (i) by insert-ing ‘‘who is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i) or who is’’ after ‘‘to an alien’’. (2) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR ASYLUM .—Section 208(b)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the alien is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i) (relat-ing to participation in criminal gangs); or’’; and (D) by amending clause (vii), as redesig-nated, to read as follows: ‘‘(vii) the alien was firmly resettled in an-other country in any legal status prior to ar-riving in the United States.’’. (h) GOODMORAL CHARACTER BAR FOR CRIMI-
NAL GANG MEMBERS .—Section 101(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(f)), as amended by section 1710(d), 1713(d), and 1822(a) of this Act, is further amended by inserting after paragraph (10) the following: ‘‘(11) is a member of 1 or more classes of persons described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or 237(a)(2)(G) and has been convicted of any of-fense described in section 101(a)(43), 212(a)(2), or 237(a)(2); or’’. (i) A
NNUAL REPORT ON DETENTION OF CRIMI-
NALGANGMEMBERS .—Not later than March 1 of the first calendar year beginning at least 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the heads of appropriate Federal agen-cies, shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives, and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives that identifies the number of aliens detained de-scribed in sections 212(a)(2)(J) and section 237(a)(2)(G) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as added by subsections (b) and (d). (j) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1713. BARRING AGGRAVATED FELONS, BOR-DER CHECKPOINT RUNNERS, AND SEX OFFENDERS FROM ADMISSION TO THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY ON CRIMINAL AND RE-
LATED GROUNDS ; W AIVERS .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subclause (II), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (iii) by inserting after subclause (II) the following: ‘‘(III) a violation of (or a conspiracy or at-tempt to violate) any statute relating to sec-tion 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to social security account num-bers or social security cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents, authentication features, and information)’’; and (B) by inserting after subparagraph (K), as added by section 1713(b) of this Act, the fol-lowing: ‘‘(L) C
ITIZENSHIP FRAUD .—Any alien con-victed of, or who admits having committed, or who admits committing acts which con-stitute the essential elements of, a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, subsection (a) or (b) of section 1425 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the procure-ment of citizenship or naturalization unlaw-fully), is inadmissible. ‘‘(M) C
ERTAIN FIREARM OFFENSES .—Any alien who at any time has been convicted under any law of, admits having committed, or admits committing acts which constitute the essential elements of, any law relating to, purchasing, selling, offering for sale, ex-changing, using, owning, possessing, or car-rying, or of attempting or conspiring to pur-chase, sell, offer for sale, exchange, use, own, possess, or carry, any weapon, part, or acces-sory which is a firearm or destructive device (as defined in section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code) in violation of any law, is inad-missible. For purposes of this subparagraph the term ‘any law’ includes State laws that do not contain an exception for antique fire-arms. If the State law does not contain an exception for antique firearms, the Sec-retary or the Attorney General may consider documentary evidence related to the convic-tion, including, but not limited to, charging documents, plea agreements, plea colloquies, jury instructions, and police reports, to es-tablish that the offense involved at least 1 firearm that is not an antique firearm. ‘‘(N) AGGRAVATED FELONS .—Any alien who has been convicted of an aggravated felony at any time is inadmissible. ‘‘(O) H
IGH SPEED FLIGHT .—Any alien who has been convicted of a violation of section 758 of title 18, United States Code (relating to high speed flight from an immigration checkpoint) is inadmissible. ‘‘(P) F
AILURE TO REGISTER AS A SEX OF -
FENDER .—Any alien convicted under section 2250 of title 18, United States Code, is inad-missible. ‘‘(Q) C
RIMES OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALK -
ING, OR VIOLATION OF PROTECTION ORDERS ; 
CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN .— ‘‘(i) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALKING , AND 
CHILD ABUSE .—Except as provided in sub-section (v), any alien who at any time is or has been convicted of a crime involving the use or attempted use of physical force, or threatened use of a deadly weapon, a crime of domestic violence, a crime of stalking, or a crime of child abuse, child neglect, or child abandonment is inadmissible. For purposes of this clause, the term ‘crime of domestic violence’ has the meaning given the term in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i). ‘‘(ii) V
IOLATORS OF PROTECTION ORDERS .— Except as provided in subsection (v), any alien who at any time is or has been enjoined under a protection order issued by a court and whom the court determines has engaged in conduct that violates the portion of a pro-tection order that involves protection against credible threats of violence, repeated harassment, or bodily injury to the person or persons for whom the protection order was issued is inadmissible. For purposes of this clause, the term ‘protection order’ has the meaning given the term in section 237(a)(2)(E)(ii).’’; (2) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) as subclauses (I), (II), and (III), respectively; (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) as clauses (i), (ii), and (iii), re-spectively; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (C) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), as redesignated and as amended by sec-tion 1713(e) of this Act— (i) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The Attorney General’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, and (K)’’, and inserting ‘‘(K), and (M)’’; (D) in the matter following subparagraph (B), as redesignated— (i) by striking the first 2 sentences and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) A waiver may not be provided under this subsection to an alien— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00091 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1020 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(A) who has been convicted of (or who has admitted committing acts that constitute)— ‘‘(i) murder or criminal acts of torture; or ‘‘(ii) an attempt or conspiracy to commit murder or a criminal act involving torture; ‘‘(B) who has been convicted of an aggra-vated felony; or ‘‘(C) who has been lawfully admitted for permanent residence and who since the date of such admission has not lawfully resided continuously in the United States for at least 7 years immediately preceding the date on which proceedings were initiated to re-move the alien from the United States.’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘No court’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) No court’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (t), as added by section 1(b)(2)(B) of Public Law 108– 449, as subsection (u); and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) W
AIVER FOR VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIO-
LENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General is not limited by the crimi-nal court record and may waive the applica-tion of subsection (a)(2)(Q)(i) (with respect to crimes of domestic violence and crimes of stalking) and subsection (a)(2)(Q)(ii), in the case of an alien who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty and who is not and was not the primary perpetrator of vio-lence in the relationship, upon a determina-tion that— ‘‘(A) the alien was acting in self-defense; ‘‘(B) the alien was found to have violated a protection order intended to protect the alien; or ‘‘(C) the alien committed or was convicted of committing a crime— ‘‘(i) that did not result in serious bodily in-jury; and ‘‘(ii) where there was a connection between the crime and the alien’s having been bat-tered or subjected to extreme cruelty. ‘‘(2) C
REDIBLE EVIDENCE CONSIDERED .—In acting on applications for a waiver under this subsection, the Secretary or the Attor-ney General shall consider any credible evi-dence relevant to the application. The deter-mination of what evidence is credible and the weight to be given that evidence shall be within the sole discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General.’’. (b) D
EPORTABILITY ; CRIMINAL OFFENSES .— Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)), as amended by sections 1712(c) and 1713(c) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) I
DENTIFICATION FRAUD .—Any alien who is convicted of a violation of (or a conspiracy or attempt to violate) an offense relating to section 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to social security ac-count numbers or social security cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification) is deport-able.’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY ; CRIMINAL OFFENSES .— Section 237(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (3) in clause (iii), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) of a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, subsection (a) or (b) of section 1425 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the unlawful procurement of citizenship or naturalization),’’. (d) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) all aliens who are required to establish admissibility on or after such date of enact-ment; and (3) all removal, deportation, or exclusion proceedings that are filed, pending, or re-opened, on or after such date of enactment. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by this section may not be con-strued to create eligibility for relief from re-moval under section 212(c) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(c)), as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, if such eligibility did not exist before such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1714. PROTECTING IMMIGRANTS FROM CON-VICTED SEX OFFENDERS. 
(a) I MMIGRANTS .—Section 204(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (viii) to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) Clause (i) shall not apply to a cit-izen of the United States who has been con-victed of an offense described in subpara-graph (A), (I), or (K) of section 101(a)(43) or a specified offense against a minor (as defined in section 111(7) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20911(7))) unless the Secretary, in the Sec-retary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, de-termines that the citizen poses no risk to the alien with respect to whom a petition de-scribed in clause (i) is filed.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (A) by redesignating the second subclause (I) as subclause (II); and (B) by amending such subclause (II) to read as follows: ‘‘(II) Subclause (I) shall not apply to an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence who has been convicted of an offense described in subparagraph (A), (I), or (K) of section 101(a)(43) or a specified offense against a minor as defined in section 111(7) of the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (34 U.S.C. 20911(7)) unless the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that the alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence poses no risk to the alien with respect to whom a petition described in subclause (I) is filed.’’. (b) N
ONIMMIGRANTS .—Section 101(a)(15)(K) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘204(a)(1)(A)(viii)(I))’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘204(a)(1)(A)(viii))’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to petitions filed on or after such date. 
SEC. 1715. ENHANCED CRIMINAL PENALTIES FOR HIGH SPEED FLIGHT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 758 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 758. Unlawful flight from immigration or customs controls ‘‘(a) E
VADING A CHECKPOINT .—Any person who, while operating a motor vehicle or ves-sel, knowingly flees or evades a checkpoint operated by the Department of Homeland Se-curity or any other Federal law enforcement agency, and then knowingly or recklessly disregards or disobeys the lawful command of any law enforcement agent, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. ‘‘(b) F
AILURE TO STOP.—Any person who, while operating a motor vehicle, aircraft, or vessel, knowingly or recklessly disregards or disobeys the lawful command of an officer of the Department of Homeland Security en-gaged in the enforcement of the immigra-tion, customs, or maritime laws, or the law-ful command of any law enforcement agent assisting such officer, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. ‘‘(c) ALTERNATIVE PENALTIES .—Notwith- standing the penalties provided in subsection (a) or (b), any person who violates such sub-section— ‘‘(1) shall be fined under this title, impris-oned not more than 10 years, or both, if the violation involved the operation of a motor vehicle, aircraft, or vessel— ‘‘(A) in excess of the applicable or posted speed limit; ‘‘(B) in excess of the rated capacity of the motor vehicle, aircraft, or vessel; or ‘‘(C) in an otherwise dangerous or reckless manner; ‘‘(2) shall be fined under this title, impris-oned not more than 20 years, or both, if the violation created a substantial and foresee-able risk of serious bodily injury or death to any person; ‘‘(3) shall be fined under this title, impris-oned not more than 30 years, or both, if the violation caused serious bodily injury to any person; or ‘‘(4) shall be fined under this title, impris-oned for any term of years or life, or both, if the violation resulted in the death of any person. ‘‘(d) A
TTEMPT AND CONSPIRACY .—Any per- son who attempts or conspires to commit any offense under this section shall be pun-ished in the same manner as a person who completes the offense. ‘‘(e) F
ORFEITURE .—Any property, real or personal, constituting or traceable to the gross proceeds of the offense and any prop-erty, real or personal, used or intended to be used to commit or facilitate the commission of the offense shall be subject to forfeiture. ‘‘(f) F
ORFEITURE PROCEDURES .—Seizures and forfeitures under this section shall be governed by the provisions of chapter 46 (re-lating to civil forfeitures), including section 981(d), except that such duties as are imposed upon the Secretary of the Treasury under the customs laws described in that section shall be performed by such officers, agents, and other persons as may be designated for that purpose by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General. Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity to seize and forfeit motor vehicles, aircraft, or vessels under the customs laws or any other laws of the United States. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion— ‘‘(1) the term ‘checkpoint’ includes any customs or immigration inspection at a port of entry or immigration inspection at a U.S. Border Patrol checkpoint; ‘‘(2) the term ‘law enforcement agent’ means— ‘‘(A) any Federal, State, local or tribal of-ficial authorized to enforce criminal law; and ‘‘(B) when conveying a command described in subsection (b), an air traffic controller; ‘‘(3) the term ‘lawful command’ includes a command to stop, decrease speed, alter course, or land, whether communicated oral-ly, visually, by means of lights or sirens, or by radio, telephone, or other communica-tion; ‘‘(4) the term ‘motor vehicle’ means any motorized or self-propelled means of terres-trial transportation; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘serious bodily injury’ has the meaning given in section 2119(2).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 35 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 758 and inserting the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00092 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1021 February 14, 2018 
‘‘758. Unlawful flight from immigration or customs controls.’’. (c) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The amend-ments made by subsection (a) may not be construed to create eligibility for relief from removal under section 212(c) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(c)), as in effect on the day before the date of the en-actment of this Act, if such eligibility did not exist before such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1716. PROHIBITION ON ASYLUM AND CAN-CELLATION OF REMOVAL FOR TER-RORISTS. 
(a) A SYLUM .—Section 208(b)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)), as amended by 1712(f) of this Act, is further amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘if the Attorney General’’; and (2) by amending clause (v) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(v) the alien is described in subparagraph (B)(i) or (F) of section 212(a)(3), unless, in the case of an alien described in section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)(IX), the Secretary or the At-torney General determines, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, that there are not reasonable grounds for regarding the alien as a danger to the security of the United States;’’. (b) C
ANCELLATION OF REMOVAL .—Section 240A(c)(4) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229b(c)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘inadmissible under’’ and inserting ‘‘described in’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘deportable under’’ and in-serting ‘‘described in’’. (c) R
ESTRICTION ON REMOVAL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 241(b)(3)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(A)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ both places it appears; (B) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—The alien has the burden of proof to establish that the alien’s life or freedom would be threatened in such country, and that race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion would be at least 1 central reason for such threat.’’. (2) E
XCEPTION .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(B)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ both places it appears; (B) in clause (iii), striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in clause (iv), striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (D) inserting after clause (iv) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(v) the alien is described in subparagraph (B)(i) or (F) of section 212(a)(3)(B), unless, in the case of an alien described in section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)(IX), the Secretary or the At-torney General determines, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, that there are not reasonable grounds for regarding the alien as a danger to the security of the United States; or ‘‘(vi) the alien is convicted of an aggra-vated felony.’’; and (E) by striking the undesignated matter at the end. (3) S
USTAINING BURDEN OF PROOF ; CREDI -
BILITY DETERMINATIONS .—Section 241(b)(3)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘In determining whether an alien has demonstrated that the alien’s life or freedom would be threatened for a reason described in subparagraph (A),’’ and insert-ing ‘‘For purposes of this paragraph,’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall take effect as if enacted on May 11, 2005, and shall apply to applications for with-holding of removal made on or after such date. (d) EFFECTIVE DATES ; APPLICATIONS .—Ex- cept as provided in subsection (c)(4), the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and sections 208(b)(2)(A), 240A(c), and 241(b)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by this section, shall apply to— (1) all aliens in removal, deportation, or exclusion proceedings; (2) all applications pending on, or filed after, the date of the enactment of this Act; and (3) with respect to aliens and applications described in paragraph (1) or (2), acts and conditions constituting a ground for exclu-sion, deportation, or removal occurring or existing before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1717. AGGRAVATED FELONIES. 
(a) D EFINITION OF AGGRAVATED FELONY .— Section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(43)(A) The term ‘aggravated felony’ means— ‘‘(i) any offense punishable by a maximum term of imprisonment of not less than 2 years regardless of the term of imprison-ment, if any, actually imposed; ‘‘(ii) any offense for which the term of im-prisonment imposed was not less than 1 year even if that term is suspended or probated; ‘‘(iii) any 2 or more offenses, regardless of whether the convictions for such offenses re-sulted from a single trial or plea or whether the offenses arose from a single scheme of misconduct, for which the aggregate term of imprisonment imposed was not less than 3 years; ‘‘(iv) any offense not otherwise determined to be an aggravated felony offense under clauses (i) through (iii), regardless of the term of imprisonment imposed (unless other-wise indicated) or of the elements of the of-fense required for a conviction if the nature of the offense is described in 1 of the fol-lowing subclauses: ‘‘(I) Any crime of, or related to— ‘‘(aa) murder, in any degree; ‘‘(bb) voluntary or involuntary man-slaughter; ‘‘(cc) homicide (regardless of the required level of intent and including reckless or neg-ligent homicide); ‘‘(dd) sexual assault or battery; ‘‘(ee) rape (including statutory rape); ‘‘(ff) any offense for which the individual was required to register as a sex offender under Federal or state law; ‘‘(gg) , or any other sex offense, including offenses related to the actual or attempted abuse of or contact with minors (defined as individuals under the age of 18 but including offenses in which the intended victim was ac-tually a law enforcement officer), regardless of the reason and extent of the act. ‘‘(II) Any drug trafficking crime (as de-fined in section 924(c) of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(III) Any other crime classified as a fel-ony in the jurisdiction of conviction involv-ing or related to a controlled substance that is classified as controlled in the jurisdiction of conviction, regardless of whether the sub-stance is also classified as controlled by the Federal government and regardless of wheth-er the crime would be classified as a felony under Federal law. ‘‘(IV) Any offense relating to illicit traf-ficking in firearms or destructive devices (as defined in section 921 of title 18, United States Code) or in explosive materials (as de-fined in section 841(c) of such title). ‘‘(V) Any offense relating to laundering of monetary instruments or engaging in mone-tary transactions in property derived from unlawful activity if the amount of the funds exceeded $10,000. ‘‘(VI) A crime of violence (or an offense re-lating to a crime of violence), including any crime labeled as assault or battery by the relevant jurisdiction of conviction, state or Federal, regardless of whether the crime also meets the definition in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, for which the term of imprisonment imposed is at least 9 months. ‘‘(VII) A theft offense (or an offense relat-ing to a theft offense), including any crime labeled as theft, shoplifting, burglary, or em-bezzlement by the relevant jurisdiction of conviction, state or Federal, and regardless of the method of the theft , and regardless of whether any taking was temporary or per-manent, for which the term of imprisonment imposed is at least 9 months. ‘‘(VIII) Any offense relating to offenses de-scribed in— ‘‘(aa) section 842 or 844 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(bb) section 922 or 924 of such title; or ‘‘(cc) section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. ‘‘(IX) Any offense relating to a failure to appear before a court pursuant to a court order to answer to or dispose of a charge of a felony. ‘‘(X) Any offense relating to the demand for or receipt of ransom. ‘‘(XI) Any offense relating to child pornog-raphy (as defined by the jurisdiction of con-viction). ‘‘(XII) Any offense relating to racketeer in-fluenced corrupt organizations, or relating to transmission of wagering information (if it is a second or subsequent offense) or relat-ing to illegal gambling business offenses. ‘‘(XIII) Any offense relating to— ‘‘(aa) the owning, controlling, managing, or supervising of a prostitution business; ‘‘(bb) transportation for the purpose of prostitution, if committed for commercial advantage; or ‘‘(cc) peonage, slavery, involuntary ser-vitude, and trafficking in persons. ‘‘(XIV) Any offense relating to— ‘‘(aa) gathering or transmitting national defense information, disclosure of classified information, sabotage or treason; ‘‘(bb) protecting the identity of undercover intelligence agents; or ‘‘(cc) protecting the identity of undercover agents; or ‘‘(XV) Any offense— ‘‘(aa) involving fraud or deceit in which the loss to the victim or victims exceeds $10,000; or ‘‘(bb) relating to those described in section 7201 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (re-lating to tax evasion) in which the revenue loss to the Government exceeds $10,000. ‘‘(XVI) Any offense relating to an offense described in paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of section 274(a) (relating to alien smuggling), except in the case of a first offense for which the alien has affirmatively shown that the alien com-mitted the offense for the purpose of assist-ing, abetting, or aiding only the alien’s spouse, child, or parent (and no other indi-vidual) to violate a provision of this Act. ‘‘(XVII) Any offense relating to offenses de-scribed in section 275(a) or 276 committed by an alien who was previously excluded, de-ported, or removed from the United States. ‘‘(XVIII) An offense related to falsely mak-ing, forging, counterfeiting, mutilating, or altering a passport or instrument relating to document fraud. ‘‘(XIX) Any offense relating to a failure to appear by a defendant for service of sentence if the underlying offense is punishable by im-prisonment for a term of 3 years or more. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00093 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1022 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(XX) Any offense relating to commercial bribery, counterfeiting, forgery, or traf-ficking in vehicles the identification num-bers of which have been altered. ‘‘(XXI) Any offense relating to obstruction of justice, perjury or subornation of perjury, or bribery of a witness. ‘‘(XXII)(aa) A single conviction for driving while intoxicated or impaired (as such terms are defined under the jurisdiction in which the conviction occurred), including a convic-tion for driving while under the influence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs, without re-gard to whether the conviction is classified as a misdemeanor or felony under State law when such impaired driving was a cause of serious bodily injury or death of another per-son. ‘‘(bb) A second or subsequent conviction for driving while intoxicated or impaired (as such terms are defined under the jurisdiction in which the conviction occurred), including a conviction for driving while under the in-fluence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs) without regard to whether the conviction is classified as a misdemeanor or felony under State law. ‘‘(cc) A finding under this subclause does not require the Secretary or the Attorney General to prove the first conviction for driving while intoxicated or impaired (in-cluding a conviction for driving while under the influence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs) as a predicate offense. ‘‘(dd) The Secretary or the Attorney Gen-eral need only make a factual determination that the alien was previously convicted for driving while intoxicated or impaired (as such terms are defined under the jurisdiction in which the conviction occurred), including a conviction for driving while under the in-fluence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs. ‘‘(XXIII) An offense relating to terrorism or national security, including a conviction for a violation under chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code. ‘‘(XXIV) A conviction for violating section 295. ‘‘(XXV) Any offense relating to those de-scribed in chapter 50A (genocide), 113C (tor-ture), or 118 (war crimes and recruitment or use of child soldiers) of title 18, United States Code, or section 116 of such title (fe-male genital mutilation), or a felony convic-tion under chapter 35 of title 50, United States Code (relating to violations of Inter-national Emergency Economic Powers Act licenses, orders, regulations, or prohibitions) or under section 38 of the Arms Export Con-trol Act (22 U.S.C. 2778). ‘‘(XXVI) An attempt, conspiracy, or solici-tation to commit an offense described in sub-clauses I through XXV or any other inchoate form of an offense described in this clause. ‘‘(B) Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including any effective date), the term ‘aggravated felony’ applies, regardless of whether the conviction was entered be-fore, on, or after the effective date of theSECURE and SUCCEED Act, to— ‘‘(i) an offense described in subparagraph (A), whether in violation of Federal or State law; and ‘‘(ii) an offense described in subparagraph (A) in violation of the law of a foreign coun-try for which the term of imprisonment was completed within the previous 15 years.’’. (b) D
EFINITION OF CONVICTION .—Section 101(a)(48) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(48)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(48)(A) The term ‘conviction’ means, with respect to an alien— ‘‘(i) a formal judgment of guilt of the alien entered by a court; or ‘‘(ii) if adjudication of guilt has been with-held or deferred, where— ‘‘(I) a judge, jury, or other adjudicator has found the alien guilty or the alien has en-tered a plea of guilty, an Alford plea, or a plea of nolo contendere, or the alien has ad-mitted sufficient facts to warrant a finding of guilt; and ‘‘(II) the judge or other adjudicator has or-dered some form of punishment, penalty, or restraint on the alien’s liberty to be im-posed, including, but not limited to, the im-position of probation or any fees or costs as-sociated with the proceeding. ‘‘(B) Any reference to a term of imprison-ment or a sentence with respect to an offense is deemed to include the period of incarcer-ation or confinement ordered by a court of law regardless of any suspension of the impo-sition or execution of that imprisonment or sentence in whole or in part, including a sen-tence of imprisonment that is probated. ‘‘(C) Any reference to a term of imprison-ment of at least ‘1 year’ includes any sen-tence of 365 days or more, or as ‘1 year’ was defined under State or local law in the juris-diction in which the conviction occurred at the time of the conviction. ‘‘(D) Any reference to a term of imprison-ment that is ‘punishable by’ shall include the maximum statutory term of imprison-ment authorized by law for the most aggra-vated instance of the offense without regard to the individual circumstances of the de-fendant or the specific facts of the convic-tion, provided that for convictions under Federal law, the maximum statutory term of imprisonment shall not include a statutory sentence enhancement under title 18, United States Code, or the title IV of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841 et seq.) unless the defendant’s record of conviction reflects that he was convicted or sentenced pursuant to such an enhancement. ‘‘(E) Subject to subparagraphs (F) and (G), no order purporting to vacate a conviction, modify a sentence, or clarify a sentence shall have any effect under this Act unless all 4 of the following conditions are met: ‘‘(i) The order was entered prior to the ini-tiation of any proceeding to remove the alien from the United States. ‘‘(ii) The order was entered not later than 1 year after the date of the original order of conviction or sentencing. ‘‘(iii) The court issuing the order had juris-diction and authority to do so. ‘‘(iv) The order was not entered for pur-poses of ameliorating the immigration con-sequences of the conviction or sentence. ‘‘(F) No nunc pro tunc order purporting to vacate a conviction, modify a sentence, or clarify a sentence shall have any effect under the immigration laws. ‘‘(G) No reversal, vacatur, expungement, or modification of a conviction or sentence that was granted, solely or in part, to ameliorate the immigration consequences of the convic-tion or sentence or was granted, solely or in part, for rehabilitative purposes shall have any effect under the immigration laws. For purposes of this subparagraph, any reversal, vacatur, expungement, or modification of a conviction or sentence due to an alleged pro-cedural or constitutional defect shall be in-sufficient to meet the alien’s burden of proof, even if the conditions in subparagraphs (E) and (F) are otherwise satisfied, unless the record contains a clear statement of position from the prosecutor on the issue and a clear explanation in the relevant order of the al-leged defect. ‘‘(H) In all cases under the immigration laws, the alien shall bear the burden of es-tablishing that all 4 conditions in subpara-graph (E) have been met and that the limita-tions in subparagraph (F) and (G) do not apply. ‘‘(I) Any order purporting to vacate a con-viction, modify a sentence, or clarify a sen-tence shall not be given any effect for immi-gration purposes unless the requirements under this paragraph have been met. The fact that these requirements have been met shall not preclude a finding by the Attorney General or Secretary, in the exercise of dis-cretion, that the conviction is still valid for immigration purposes. Notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or non-statutory) and regardless of whether the de-termination is made in removal proceedings, no court shall have jurisdiction to review a determination by the Attorney General or Secretary of Homeland Security regarding whether such an order should be given any effect under the immigration laws. ‘‘(J) All references to a criminal offense or criminal conviction in the immigration laws shall be deemed to include any attempt, con-spiracy, or solicitation to commit the of-fense or any other inchoate form of the of-fense. ‘‘(K) In making a determination of whether a criminal conviction is for an aggravated felony or a crime involving moral turpitude or for any other provision under the immi-gration laws, the Attorney General shall not be required to apply any single or particular methodology. In making such determina-tions, the Attorney General shall not be lim-ited to applying a categorical or modified categorical approach (including determining if a statute of conviction is divisible), shall not limit his consideration to a single ge-neric definition of a crime, and shall not con-sider any hypothetical criminal offense be-yond the facts of the actual conviction at issue. In all cases, the Attorney General may look behind the record of conviction and con-sider all reliable evidence (including charg-ing documents, plea agreements, plea col-loquies, jury instructions, police reports, tes-timony during the removal hearing, and any prior statements by the respondent or any other person about the crime) of relevant facts (including the underlying conduct at issue, the actual type of firearm involved (if any), the amount of a controlled substance involved (if any), and the identity of the vic-tim).’’. SEC. 1718. FAILURE TO OBEY REMOVAL ORDERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 243 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1253) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘212(a) or’’ before ‘‘237(a),’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3); (2) by striking subsection (b); and (3) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (b) and (c), respectively. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsection (a)(1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that are de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 243(a)(1) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1253(a)(1)) that occur on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1719. SANCTIONS FOR COUNTRIES THAT DELAY OR PREVENT REPATRIATION OF THEIR NATIONALS. 
Section 243 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1253), as amended by sec-tion 1720(a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) L
ISTING OF COUNTRIES WHODELAY RE-
PATRIATION OF REMOVED ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) L
ISTING OF COUNTRIES .—Beginning on the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUC-CEED Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary shall publish a report in the Federal Register that includes a list of— ‘‘(A) countries that have refused or unrea-sonably delayed repatriation of an alien who 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00094 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1023 February 14, 2018 
is a national of that country since the date of enactment of this Act and the total num-ber of such aliens, disaggregated by nation-ality; ‘‘(B) countries that have an excessive repa-triation failure rate; and ‘‘(C) each country that was reported as noncompliant in the most recent reporting period. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION .—The Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, and in consultation with the Secretary of State, may exempt a country from inclusion on the list under paragraph (1) if there are significant foreign policy or security con-cerns that warrant such an exemption. ‘‘(f) D
ISCONTINUING GRANTING OF VISAS TO  N
ATIONALS OF COUNTRIES DENYING OR DELAY -
INGACCEPTING ALIEN.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 221(c), the Secretary shall take the action described in paragraph (2)(A), and may take an action described in paragraph (2)(B), if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(A) an alien who is a national of a foreign country is inadmissible under section 212 or deportable under section 237, or has been or-dered removed from the United States; and ‘‘(B) the government of the foreign country referred to in subparagraph (A) is— ‘‘(i) denying or unreasonably delaying ac-cepting aliens who are citizens, subjects, na-tionals, or residents of that country after the Secretary asks whether the government will accept an alien under this section; or ‘‘(ii) refusing to issue any required travel or identity documents to allow the alien who is citizen, subject, national, or resident of that country to return to that country. ‘‘(2) A
CTIONS DESCRIBED .—The actions de-scribed in this paragraph are the following: ‘‘(A) Direct the Secretary of State to au-thorize consular officers in the foreign coun-try referred to in paragraph (1) to deny visas under section 101(a)(15)(A)(iii) to attendants, servants, personal employees, and members of their immediate families, of the officials and employees of that country who receive nonimmigrant status under clause (i) or (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A). ‘‘(B) In consultation with the Secretary of State, deny admission to any citizens, sub-jects, nationals, or residents from the for-eign country referred to in paragraph (1), consistent with other international obliga-tions, and the imposition of any limitations, conditions, or additional fees on the issuance of visas or travel from that country, or the imposition of any other sanctions against that country that are authorized by law. ‘‘(3) R
ESUMPTION OF VISA ISSUANCE .—Con- sular officers in the foreign country that re-fused or unreasonably delayed repatriation or refused to issue required identity or travel documents may resume visa issuance after the Secretary notifies the Secretary of State that the country has accepted the aliens.’’. 
SEC. 1720. ENHANCED PENALTIES FOR CON-STRUCTION AND USE OF BORDER TUNNELS. 
Section 555 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘not more than 20 years.’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 7 years and not more than 20 years.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not more than 10 years.’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 3 years and not more than 10 years.’’. 
SEC. 1721. ENHANCED PENALTIES FOR FRAUD AND MISUSE OF VISAS, PERMITS, AND OTHER DOCUMENTS. 
Section 1546(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Commissioner of the Im-migration and Naturalization Service’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Shall be fined’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘Shall be fined under this title or imprisoned for not less than 12 years and not more than 25 years (if the offense was committed to facilitate an act of international terrorism (as defined in section 2331)), not less than 10 years and not more than 20 years (if the offense was com-mitted to facilitate a drug trafficking crime (as defined in section 929(a)), not less than 5 years and not more than 10 years (for the first or second such offense, if the offense was not committed to facilitate such an act of international terrorism or a drug traf-ficking crime), or not less than 7 years and not more than 15 years (for any other of-fense), or both.’’. SEC. 1722. EXPANSION OF CRIMINAL ALIEN REPA-TRIATION PROGRAMS. 
(a) E XPANSION OF CRIMINAL ALIEN REPATRI -
ATION FLIGHTS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall in-crease the number of criminal and illegal alien repatriation flights from the United States conducted by U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Air Operations by not less than 15 percent compared to the number of such flights operated, and authorized to be operated, under existing appropriations and funding on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) U.S. I
MMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS EN-
FORCEMENT AIROPERATIONS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall issue a directive to expand U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Air Operations (referred to in this subsection as ‘‘ICE Air Ops’’) so that ICE Air Ops provides additional services with respect to aliens who are illegally present in the United States. Such expansion shall include— (1) increasing the daily operations of ICE Air Ops with buses and air hubs in the top 5 geographic regions along the southern bor-der; (2) allocating a set number of seats for such aliens for each metropolitan area; and (3) allowing a metropolitan area to trade or give some of seats allocated to such area under paragraph (2) for such aliens to other areas in the region of such area based on the transportation needs of each area. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to the amounts otherwise author-ized to be appropriated, there is authorized to be appropriated $10,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022 to carry out this section. 
SEC. 1723. PROHIBITION ON FLIGHT TRAINING AND NUCLEAR STUDIES FOR NA-TIONALS OF HIGH-RISK COUNTRIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall deny a visa to, and the Secretary of Homeland Security may not admit or parole into the United States, any alien who— (1) is a citizen of Libya, Iran, Syria, or any country designated by the Secretary of State as a state sponsor of terrorism; and (2)(A)(i) is an applicant for a visa or for ad-mission to the United States; and (ii) the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security determines seeks to enter the United States to participate in— (I) coursework at an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) to prepare the alien for a career in nuclear science, nuclear engineering, or a re-lated field; or (II) coursework or training or otherwise engage in aviation maintenance or flight op-erations; (B)(i) is in the United States; and (ii) the Secretary of Homeland Security de-termines is applying to change status to par-ticipate in coursework, training, or activi-ties described in subparagraph (A)(ii); or (C)(i) is lawfully present in the United States, either as a nonimmigrant student or otherwise authorized to study at an institu-tion of higher education; and (ii) the Secretary of Homeland Security de-termines is participating in coursework, training, or activities described in subpara-graph (A)(ii) or seeks to change his or her field of study to participate in such coursework, training, or activities. (b) TERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall terminate the nonimmigrant status or otherwise re-voke the authorization to remain in the United States of any alien in the United States who is described in subsection (a). (c) H
IGH-RISK COUNTRIES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may, in the discretion of the Secretary, designate additional coun-tries whose nationals are subject to the re-strictions described in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the imposition of such restrictions on such nationals is in the national interest. CHAPTER 2—STRONG VISA INTEGRITY SECURES AMERICA ACT 
SEC. 1731. SHORT TITLE. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Strong Visa Integrity Secures America Act’’. 
SEC. 1732. VISA SECURITY. 
(a) V ISASECURITY UNITS AT HIGH RISK P
OSTS.—Section 428(e)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and insert-ing the following: ‘‘(A) A
UTHORIZATION .—Subject to the min-imum number specified in subparagraph (B), the Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) R
ISK-BASED ASSIGNMENTS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall assign employ-ees of the Department to not fewer than 75 diplomatic and consular posts at which visas are issued. Assignments under this subpara-graph shall be made— ‘‘(I) in a risk-based manner; ‘‘(II) after considering the criteria de-scribed in clause (iii); and ‘‘(III) in accordance with Nationality Secu-rity Decision Directive 38, issued by Presi-dent Reagan on June 2, 1982, or any super-seding presidential directive concerning staffing at diplomatic and consular posts. ‘‘(ii) P
RIORITY CONSIDERATION .—In carrying out the presidential directive described in clause (i)(III), the Secretary of State shall ensure priority consideration of any staffing assignment under this subparagraph. ‘‘(iii) C
RITERIA DESCRIBED .—The criteria re-ferred to in clause (i) are— ‘‘(I) the number of nationals of a country in which any of the diplomatic and consular posts referred to in clause (i) are located who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identities of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year; ‘‘(II) information on cooperation of the country referred to in subclause (I) with the counterterrorism efforts of the United States; ‘‘(III) information analyzing the presence, activity, or movement of terrorist organiza-tions (as such term is defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)) with-in or through such country; ‘‘(IV) the number of formal objections based on derogatory information issued by the Visa Security Advisory Opinion Unit pursuant to paragraph (10) regarding nation-als of a country in which any of the diplo-matic and consular posts referred to in clause (i) are located; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00095 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1024 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(V) the adequacy of the border and immi-gration control of such country; and ‘‘(VI) any other criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate.’’. (b) A
CCOMMODATION OF VISA SECURITY  U
NITS.—Section 428 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) E
XPEDITED CLEARANCE AND PLACEMENT  
OFDEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY PER-
SONNEL AT OVERSEAS EMBASSIES AND CON-
SULAR POSTS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and the processes set forth in National Security Defense Directive 38, issued by President Reagan on June 2, 1982, or any successor Directive, the Chief of Mis-sion of a post to which the Secretary of Homeland Security has assigned personnel under subsection (e) or (i) shall ensure, not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security commu-nicates such assignment to the Secretary of State, that such personnel have been sta-tioned and accommodated at post and are able to carry out their duties.’’. (c) F
UNDING FOR THE VISASECURITY PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Department of State and Related Agency Appropriations Act, 2005 (title IV of division B of Public Law 108–447) is amended, in the fourth paragraph under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Pro-grams’’, by striking ‘‘Beginning’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘Beginning in fiscal year 2005 and thereafter, the Secretary of State is authorized to charge surcharges related to consular serv-ices in support of enhanced border security that are in addition to the immigrant visa fees in effect on January 1, 2004: Provided, That funds collected pursuant to this au-thority shall be credited to the appropriation for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment for the fiscal year in which the fees were collected, and shall be available until expended for the funding of the Visa Secu-rity Program established by the Secretary of Homeland Security under section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296): Provided further, That such sur-charges shall be 10 percent of the fee assessed on immigrant visa applications.’’. (2) R
EPAYMENT OF APPROPRIATED FUNDS .— Of the amounts collected each fiscal year under the heading ‘‘Diplomatic and Consular Programs’’ in the Department of State and Related Agency Appropriations Act, 2005 (title IV of division B of Public Law 108–447), as amended by paragraph (1), 20 percent shall be deposited into the general fund of the Treasury. (d) C
OUNTERTERRORISM VETTING AND  S
CREENING .—Section 428(e)(2) of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)(2)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) Screen any such applications against the appropriate criminal, national security, and terrorism databases maintained by the Federal Government.’’. (e) T
RAINING AND HIRING .—Section 428(e)(6)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)(6)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall en-sure, to the extent possible, that any em-ployees’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary, act-ing through the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection and the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforce-ment, shall provide training to any employ-ees’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘shall be provided the nec-essary training’’. (f) P
RE-ADJUDICATED VISASECURITY ASSIST -
ANCE AND VISASECURITY ADVISORY OPINION  UNIT.—Section 428(e) of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) R
EMOTE PRE -ADJUDICATED VISA SECU -
RITY ASSISTANCE .—At the visa-issuing posts at which employees of the Department are not assigned pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, in a risk-based manner, as-sign employees of the Department to re-motely perform the functions required under paragraph (2) at not fewer than 50 of such posts. ‘‘(10) V
ISA SECURITY ADVISORY OPINION  
UNIT.—The Secretary shall establish within U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement a Visa Security Advisory Opinion Unit to re-spond to requests from the Secretary of State to conduct a visa security review using information maintained by the Department on visa applicants, including terrorism asso-ciation, criminal history, counter-prolifera-tion, and other relevant factors, as deter-mined by the Secretary.’’. (g) D
EADLINES .—Not later than 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall implement the requirements under para-graphs (1) and (9) of section 428(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(e)), as amended and added by this sec-tion. 
SEC. 1733. ELECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING AND BIOMETRIC MATCHING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 420. ELECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING AND BIOMETRIC MATCHING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Strong Visa Integrity Secures America Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— ‘‘(1) screen electronic passports at airports of entry by reading each such passport’s em-bedded chip; and ‘‘(2) to the greatest extent practicable, uti-lize facial recognition technology or other biometric technology, as determined by the Commissioner, to inspect travelers at United States airports of entry. ‘‘(b) A
PPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) E
LECTRONIC PASSPORT SCREENING .— Subsection (a)(1) shall apply to passports be-longing to individuals who are United States citizens, individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), and individuals who are nation-als of any other foreign country that issues electronic passports. ‘‘(2) F
ACIAL RECOGNITION MATCHING .—Sub- section (a)(2) shall apply, at a minimum, to individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of such Act. ‘‘(c) A
NNUAL REPORT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in col-laboration with the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, shall submit an annual re-port, through fiscal year 2022, to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that describes the utiliza-tion of facial recognition technology and other biometric technology pursuant to sub-section (a)(2). ‘‘(2) R
EPORT CONTENTS .—Each report sub-mitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall in-clude— ‘‘(A) information on the type of technology used at each airport of entry; ‘‘(B) the number of individuals who were subject to inspection using either of such technologies at each airport of entry; ‘‘(C) within the group of individuals sub-ject to such inspection, the number of those individuals who were United States citizens and lawful permanent residents; ‘‘(D) information on the disposition of data collected during the year covered by such re-port; and ‘‘(E) information on protocols for the man-agement of collected biometric data, includ-ing time frames and criteria for storing, erasing, destroying, or otherwise removing such data from databases utilized by the De-partment. ‘‘SEC. 420A. CONTINUOUS SCREENING BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION. 
‘‘The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall, in a risk-based man-ner, continuously screen individuals issued any visa, and individuals who are nationals of a program country pursuant to section 217 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187), who are present, or expected to arrive within 30 days, in the United States, against the appropriate criminal, national security, and terrorism databases main-tained by the Federal Government.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 419 the fol-lowing: ‘‘Sec. 420. Electronic passport screening and biometric matching. ‘‘Sec. 420A. Continuous screening by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion.’’. 
SEC. 1734. REPORTING VISA OVERSTAYS. 
Section 2 of Public Law 105–173 (8 U.S.C. 1376) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and any additional in-formation that the Secretary determines necessary for purposes of the report under subsection (b)’’ before the period at the end; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2018, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that provides, for the pre-ceding fiscal year, numerical estimates (in-cluding information on the methodology uti-lized to develop such numerical estimates) of— ‘‘(1) for each country, the number of aliens from the country who are described in sub-section (a), including— ‘‘(A) the total number of such aliens within all classes of nonimmigrant aliens described in section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)); and ‘‘(B) the number of such aliens within each of the classes of nonimmigrant aliens, as well as the number of such aliens within each of the subclasses of such classes of non-immigrant aliens, as applicable; ‘‘(2) for each country, the percentage of the total number of aliens from the country who were present in the United States and were admitted to the United States as non-immigrants who are described in subsection (a); ‘‘(3) the number of aliens described in sub-section (a) who arrived by land at a port of entry into the United States; ‘‘(4) the number of aliens described in sub-section (a) who entered the United States 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00096 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1025 February 14, 2018 
using a border crossing identification card (as defined in section 101(a)(6) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(6)); and ‘‘(5) the number of Canadian nationals who entered the United States without a visa and whose authorized period of stay in the United States terminated during the pre-vious fiscal year, but who remained in the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1735. STUDENT AND EXCHANGE VISITOR IN-FORMATION SYSTEM VERIFICATION. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that the in-formation collected under the program es-tablished under section 641 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1372) is available to officers of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection conducting primary inspections of aliens seeking admission to the United States at each port of entry of the United States. 
SEC. 1736. SOCIAL MEDIA REVIEW OF VISA APPLI-CANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et. seq.), as amended by sections 1127 and 1131, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 436. SOCIAL MEDIA SCREENING. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the Strong Visa Integrity Secures America Act, the Sec-retary shall, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, and in a risk based manner and on an individualized basis, review the social media accounts of visa applicants who are citizens of, or who reside in, high risk coun-tries, as determined by the Secretary based on the criteria described in subsection (b). ‘‘(b) H
IGH-RISK CRITERIA DESCRIBED .—In de- termining whether a country is high-risk pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider the following criteria: ‘‘(1) The number of nationals of the coun-try who were identified in United States Government databases related to the identi-ties of known or suspected terrorists during the previous year. ‘‘(2) The level of cooperation of the country with the counter-terrorism efforts of the United States. ‘‘(3) Any other criteria the Secretary de-termines appropriate. ‘‘(c) C
OLLABORATION .—To develop the tech-nology and procedures required to carry out the requirements under subsection (a), the Secretary shall collaborate with— ‘‘(1) the head of a national laboratory with-in the Department’s laboratory network with relevant expertise; ‘‘(2) the head of a relevant university-based center within the Department’s centers of excellence network; and ‘‘(3) the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, including the Secretary of State, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Attorney General. ‘‘(d) W
AIVER .—The Secretary, in collabora-tion with the Secretary of State, is author-ized to waive the requirements under sub-section (a) to the extent necessary to comply with the international obligations of the United States. ‘‘(e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The require-ment to screen social information under sub-section (a) may not be construed as limiting the authority of the Secretary or the Sec-retary of State to screen social media infor-mation from any individual filing an applica-tion, petition, or other request with the De-partment or the Department of State for— ‘‘(1) an immigration benefit or immigra-tion status; ‘‘(2) other authorization, employment au-thorization, identity, or travel document; or ‘‘(3) relief or protection under any provi-sion of the immigration laws. ‘‘SEC. 437. OPEN SOURCE SCREENING. 
‘‘The Secretary shall, to the greatest ex-tent practicable, and in a risk-based manner, review open source information of visa appli-cants.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 435 the following: ‘‘Sec. 436. Social media screening. ‘‘Sec. 437. Open source screening.’’. CHAPTER 3—VISA CANCELLATION AND REVOCATION 
SEC. 1741. CANCELLATION OF ADDITIONAL VISAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(g) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and any other non-immigrant visa issued by the United States that is in the possession of the alien’’ after ‘‘such visa’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by adding ‘‘or for-eign residence’’ after ‘‘the alien’s nation-ality’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to a visa issued be-fore, on, or after such date. 
SEC. 1742. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(f) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and insert-ing ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reci-procity’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘may provide to a foreign government infor-mation in a Department of State computer-ized visa database and, when necessary and appropriate, other records covered by this section related to information in such data-base’’; (B) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) on the basis of reciprocity, with re-gard to individual aliens, at any time on a case-by-case basis for the purpose of— ‘‘(i) preventing, investigating, or punishing acts that would constitute a crime in the United States, including, but not limited to, terrorism or trafficking in controlled sub-stances, persons, or illicit weapons; or ‘‘(ii) determining a person’s removability or eligibility for a visa, admission, or other immigration benefit;’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘on basis of reciprocity,’’ before ‘‘with regard to’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘in the database’’ and in-serting ‘‘such database’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-serting ‘‘for 1 of the purposes’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to per-sons who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in such database, specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State deter-mines that it is required for national secu-rity or public safety or in the national inter-est to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of the Act. SEC. 1743. VISA INTERVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(h) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) by the Secretary of State, if the Sec-retary, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, determines, after reviewing the application, that an interview is unnecessary because the alien is ineligible for a visa; and’’. (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) is an individual within a class of aliens that the Secretary of State, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, has de-termined may pose a threat to national secu-rity or public safety.’’. 
SEC. 1744. VISA REVOCATION AND LIMITS ON JU-DICIAL REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 221(i) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(i)’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (B) by striking ‘‘shall invalidate the visa or other documentation from the date of issuance: Provided, That carriers’’ and insert-ing ‘‘of any visa or documentation shall take effect immediately. Carriers’’; and (C) by striking the last sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(2) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, a revocation under this subsection may not be reviewed by any court, and no court shall have jurisdiction to hear any claim arising from, or any challenge to, such a rev-ocation, provided that the revocation is exe-cuted by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) A revocation under this subsection of a visa or other documentation from an alien shall automatically cancel any other valid visa that is in the alien’s possession.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall— (1) take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) apply to all revocations made on or after such date. CHAPTER 4—SECURE VISAS ACT 
SEC. 1751. SHORT TITLE. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Secure Visas Act’’. 
SEC. 1752. AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY AND THE SEC-RETARY OF STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 428 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 104(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1104(a)) and any other provision of law, and except for the authority of the Secretary of State under subparagraphs (A) and (G) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall have exclusive authority to issue regulations, establish policy, and ad-minister and enforce the provisions of the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00097 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1026 February 14, 2018 
Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) and all other immigration or na-tionality laws relating to the functions of consular officers of the United States in con-nection with the granting and refusal of a visa; and ‘‘(B) may refuse or revoke any visa to any alien or class of aliens if the Secretary, or his or her designee, determines that such re-fusal or revocation is necessary or advisable in the security interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of any visa under paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall take effect immediately; and ‘‘(B) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa that is in the alien’s possession. ‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no United States court has jurisdiction to review a decision by the Secretary or a consular officer to refuse or revoke a visa. ‘‘(c) V
ISAREFUSAL AUTHORITY OF THE SEC-
RETARY OF STATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may direct a consular officer to refuse or re-voke a visa to an alien if the Secretary de-termines that such refusal or revocation is necessary or advisable in the foreign policy interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—No decision by the Sec-retary of State to approve a visa may over-ride a decision by the Secretary under sub-section (b).’’. (b) V
ISAREVOCATION .—Section 428 of the Homeland Security Act (6 U.S.C. 236) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) V
ISAREVOCATION INFORMATION .—If the Secretary or the Secretary of State revokes a visa— ‘‘(1) the relevant consular, law enforce-ment, and terrorist screening databases shall be immediately updated on the date of the revocation; and ‘‘(2) look-out notices shall be posted to all Department port inspectors and Department of State consular officers.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 104(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1104(a)(1)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘and the power authorized under section 428(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(c))’’ after ‘‘United States,’’. CHAPTER 5—VISA FRAUD AND SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 
SEC. 1761. SHORT TITLE. 
This chapter may be cited as the ‘‘Visa Fraud and Security Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 1762. EXPANDED USAGE OF FRAUD PREVEN-TION AND DETECTION FEES. 
Section 286(v)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘at United States embassies and consulates abroad’’; (2) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) to increase the number of diplomatic security personnel assigned exclusively or primarily to the function of preventing and detecting visa fraud;’’; and (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, including primarily fraud by applicants for visas de-scribed in subparagraph (H)(i), (H)(ii), or (L) of section 101(a)(15)’’. 
SEC. 1763. INADMISSIBILITY OF SPOUSES AND SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF TRAF-FICKERS. 
Section 212(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, or has been,’’ after ‘‘is’’; and (2) in subparagraph (H)(ii), by inserting ‘‘, or has been,’’ after ‘‘is’’. SEC. 1764. DNA TESTING AND CRIMINAL HISTORY. 
(a) DNA T ESTING FOR VISAAPPLICANTS .— Section 222(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(b)) is amended by inserting after the second sentence the fol-lowing: ‘‘If considered necessary by a con-sular officer to establish the bona fides of a family relationship, the immigrant shall provide DNA evidence of such relationship in accordance with procedures established for submitting such evidence. The Secretary of State may issue regulations to require the submission of DNA evidence to establish family relationship from applicants for cer-tain visa classifications.’’. (b) R
EQUIRED DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE AND  DNA T
ESTING .—Section 245 of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n) R
EQUIRED DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE AND  DNA T
ESTING FOR ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIRED DOCUMENTARY EVIDENCE .— Any alien applying for adjustment of status under the immigration laws shall present a valid unexpired passport or other suitable travel document, or document of identity and nationality, if such documentation is re-quired under regulations issued by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. The alien shall furnish, with his or her application— ‘‘(A) a copy of a certification by the appro-priate police authorities, stating what their records show concerning the alien; ‘‘(B) a certified copy of any existing prison record, military record, and record of his or her birth; and ‘‘(C) a certified copy of all other records or documents concerning the alien or his or her case, which may be required by the Sec-retary or the Attorney General. ‘‘(2) DNA 
TESTING .—If the Secretary or the Attorney General determine that DNA evi-dence is necessary to establish the bona fides of a family relationship, the immigrant shall provide DNA evidence of such relationship in accordance with procedures established for submitting such evidence. The Secretary may issue regulations to require the submis-sion of DNA evidence to establish family re-lationship from applicants for certain visa classifications. If the alien establishes, to the satisfaction of the Secretary or the At-torney General, that any document or record required under this subsection is unobtainable, the Secretary or the Attorney General may permit the alien to submit, in lieu of such document or record, other satis-factory evidence of the fact to which such document or record, if obtainable, per-tains.’’. 
SEC. 1765. ACCESS TO NCIC CRIMINAL HISTORY DATABASE FOR DIPLOMATIC VISAS. 
Subsection (a) of article V of section 217 of the National Crime Prevention and Privacy Compact Act of 1998 (34 U.S.C. 40316(V)(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except for diplo-matic visa applications for which only full biographical information is required’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1766. ELIMINATION OF SIGNED PHOTO-GRAPH REQUIREMENT FOR VISA AP-PLICATIONS. 
Section 221(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(b)) is amended by striking the first sentence and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Each alien who applies for a visa shall be registered in connection with his or her application and shall furnish copies of his or her photograph for such use as may be required by regulation.’’. CHAPTER 6—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 1771. REQUIREMENT FOR COMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103 of Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1103) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) COMPLETION OF BACKGROUND AND SECU-
RITY CHECKS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT TO COMPLETE .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law (statu-tory or nonstatutory), including section 309 of the Enhanced Border Security and Visa Entry Reform Act of 2002 (8 U.S.C. 1738), sec-tions 1361 and 1651 of title 28, United States Code, and section 706(1) of title 5, United States Code, the Secretary and the Attorney General may not approve or grant to an alien any status, relief, protection from re-moval, employment authorization, or any other benefit under the immigration laws, including an adjustment of status to lawful permanent residence or a grant of United States citizenship or issue to the alien any documentation evidencing a status or grant of any status, relief, protection from re-moval, employment authorization, or other benefit under the immigration laws until— ‘‘(A) all background and security checks required by statute or regulation or deemed necessary by the Secretary or the Attorney General, in his or her sole and unreviewable discretion, for the alien have been com-pleted; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary or the Attorney General has determined that the results of such checks do not preclude the approval or grant of any status, relief, protection from re-moval, employment authorization, or any other benefit under the immigration laws or approval, grant, or the issuance of any docu-mentation evidencing such status, relief, protection, authorization, or benefit. ‘‘(2) P
ROHIBITION ON JUDICIAL ACTION .—No court shall have authority to order the ap-proval of, grant, mandate, or require any ac-tion in a certain time period, or award any relief for the Secretary’s or Attorney Gen-eral’s failure to complete or delay in com-pleting any action to provide any status, re-lief, protection from removal, employment authorization, or any other benefit under the immigration laws, including an adjustment of status to lawful permanent residence, nat-uralization, or a grant of United States citi-zenship for an alien until— ‘‘(A) all background and security checks for the alien have been completed; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary or the Attorney General has determined that the results of such checks do not preclude the approval or grant of such status, relief, protection, authoriza-tion, or benefit, or issuance of any docu-mentation evidencing such status, relief, protection, authorization, or benefit.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any application, petition, or request for any benefit or relief or any other case or matter under the immi-gration laws pending with on or filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the At-torney General, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Labor, or a consular officer on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1772. WITHHOLDING OF ADJUDICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 103 of Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1103), as amended by section 1771 of this Act, is fur-ther amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) W
ITHHOLDING OF ADJUDICATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), nothing in this Act or in any other law, including sections 1361 and 1651 of title 28, United States Code, may be con-strued to require, and no court can order, the Secretary, the Attorney General, the Sec-retary of State, the Secretary of Labor, or a consular officer to grant any visa or other application, approve any petition, or grant or continue any relief, protection from re-moval, employment authorization, or any 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00098 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1027 February 14, 2018 
other status or benefit under the immigra-tion laws by, to, or on behalf of any alien with respect to whom a criminal proceeding or investigation is open or pending (includ-ing the issuance of an arrest warrant or in-dictment), if such proceeding or investiga-tion is deemed by such official to be material to the alien’s eligibility for the status, relief, protection, or benefit sought. ‘‘(2) W
ITHHOLDING OF ADJUDICATION .—The Secretary, the Attorney General, the Sec-retary of State, or the Secretary of Labor may, in his or her discretion, withhold adju-dication any application, petition, request for relief, request for protection from re-moval, employment authorization, status or benefit under the immigration laws pending final resolution of the criminal or other pro-ceeding or investigation. ‘‘(3) J
URISDICTION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or non-statutory), including section 309 of the En-hanced Border Security and Visa Entry Re-form Act of 2002 (8 U.S.C. 1738), sections 1361 and 1651 of title 28, United States Code, and section 706(1) of title 5, United States Code, no court shall have jurisdiction to review a decision to withhold adjudication pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(4) W
ITHHOLDING OF REMOVAL AND TORTURE  
CONVENTION .—This subsection does not limit or modify the applicability of section 241(b)(3) or the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, sub-ject to any reservations, understandings, declarations and provisos contained in the United States Senate resolution of ratifica-tion of the Convention, as implemented by section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (Public Law 105–277) with respect to an alien otherwise el-igible for protection under such provisions.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE AND APPLICATION .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any application, petition, or request for any benefit or relief or any other case or matter under the immi-gration laws pending with or filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 1773. ACCESS TO THE NATIONAL CRIME IN-FORMATION CENTER INTERSTATE IDENTIFICATION INDEX. 
(a) C RIMINAL JUSTICE ACTIVITIES .—Section 104 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1104) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any Department of State personnel with authority to grant or refuse visas or passports may carry out activities that have a criminal justice purpose.’’. (b) L
IAISON WITHINTERNAL SECURITY OFFI-
CERS; DATA EXCHANGE .—Section 105 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1105) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
CCESS TO NCIC-III.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Attorney General and the Director of the Federal Bureau of In-vestigation shall provide to the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of State access to the criminal history record information contained in the National Crime Information Center’s Interstate Identifica-tion Index (NCIC-III) and the Wanted Per-sons File and to any other files maintained by the National Crime Information Center for the purpose of determining whether an applicant or petitioner for a visa, admission, or any benefit, relief, or status under the im-migration laws, or any beneficiary of an ap-plication, petition, relief, or status under the immigration laws, has a criminal history record indexed in the file. ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary and the Secretary of State— ‘‘(i) shall have direct access, without any fee or charge, to the information described in paragraph (1) to conduct name-based searches, file number searches, and any other searches that any criminal justice or other law enforcement officials are entitled to conduct; and ‘‘(ii) may contribute to the records main-tained by the National Crime Information Center. ‘‘(B) S
ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— The Secretary shall receive, upon request, access to the information described in para-graph (1) by means of extracts of the records for placement in the appropriate database without any fee or charge. ‘‘(c) C
RIMINAL JUSTICE AND LAWENFORCE -
MENT PURPOSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, adjudication of eligibility for benefits, relief, or status under the immi-gration laws, and other purposes relating to citizenship and immigration services, shall be considered to be criminal justice or law enforcement purposes with respect to access to or use of any information maintained by the National Crime Information Center or other criminal history information or records.’’. 
SEC. 1774. APPROPRIATE REMEDIES FOR IMMI-GRATION LITIGATION. 
(a) L IMITATION ON CLASS ACTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), no court may certify, or con-tinue the certification of, a class under Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in any civil action that— (A) is pending or filed on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) pertains to the administration or en-forcement of the immigration laws. (2) E
XCEPTION .—A court may certify a class upon a motion by the Government if the Government is requesting such a certifi-cation to ensure efficiency in case manage-ment or uniformity in application of prece-dent decisions or interpretations of laws when there is a nationwide class. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR AN ORDER GRANTING  P
ROSPECTIVE RELIEF AGAINST THE GOVERN -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—If a court determines that prospective relief should be ordered against the Government in any civil action per-taining to the administration or enforce-ment of the immigration laws, the court shall— (A) limit the relief to the minimum nec-essary to correct the violation of law; (B) adopt the least intrusive means to cor-rect the violation of law; (C) minimize, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, the adverse impact on national secu-rity, border security, immigration adminis-tration and enforcement, and public safety; and (D) provide for the expiration of the relief on a specific date, which is not later than the earliest date necessary for the Govern-ment to remedy the violation. (2) W
RITTEN EXPLANATION .—The require-ments described in paragraph (1) shall be dis-cussed and explained in writing in the order granting prospective relief and shall be suffi-ciently detailed to allow review by another court. (3) E
XPIRATION OF PRELIMINARY INJUNCTIVE  
RELIEF .—Preliminary injunctive relief grant-ed under paragraph (1) shall automatically expire on the date that is 90 days after the date on which such relief is entered, unless the court— (A) finds that such relief meets the re-quirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of paragraph (1) for the entry of permanent prospective relief; and (B) orders the preliminary relief to become a final order granting prospective relief be-fore the expiration of such 90-day period. (c) PROCEDURE FOR MOTION AFFECTING  O
RDER GRANTING PROSPECTIVE RELIEF  A
GAINST THE GOVERNMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A court shall promptly rule on a motion made by the United States Government to vacate, modify, dissolve, or otherwise terminate an order granting pro-spective relief in any civil action pertaining to the administration or enforcement of the immigration laws. (2) A
UTOMATIC STAYS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A motion to vacate, mod-ify, dissolve, or otherwise terminate an order granting prospective relief made by the United States Government in any civil ac-tion pertaining to the administration or en-forcement of the immigration laws shall automatically, and without further order of the court, stay the order granting prospec-tive relief on the date that is 15 days after the date on which such motion is filed unless the court previously has granted or denied the Government’s motion. (B) D
URATION OF AUTOMATIC STAY .—An automatic stay under subparagraph (A) shall continue until the court enters an order granting or denying the Government’s mo-tion. (C) P
OSTPONEMENT .—The court, for good cause, may postpone an automatic stay under subparagraph (A) for not longer than 15 days. (D) O
RDERS BLOCKING AUTOMATIC STAYS .— Any order staying, suspending, delaying, or otherwise barring the effective date of the automatic stay described in subparagraph (A), other than an order to postpone the ef-fective date of the automatic stay for not longer than 15 days under subparagraph (C)— (i) shall be treated as an order refusing to vacate, modify, dissolve, or otherwise termi-nate an injunction; and (ii) shall be immediately appealable under section 1292(a)(1) of title 28, United States Code. (d) S
ETTLEMENTS .— (1) C
ONSENT DECREES .—In any civil action pertaining to the administration or enforce-ment of the immigration laws of the United States, the court may not enter, approve, or continue a consent decree that does not com-ply with the requirements under subsection (b)(1). (2) P
RIVATE SETTLEMENT AGREEMENTS .— Nothing in this subsection may be construed to preclude parties from entering into a pri-vate settlement agreement that does not comply with subsection (b)(1). (e) E
XPEDITED PROCEEDINGS .—It shall be the duty of every court to advance on the docket and to expedite the disposition of any civil action or motion considered under this section. (f) C
ONSENT DECREE DEFINED .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘consent decree’’— (1) means any relief entered by the court that is based in whole or in part on the con-sent or acquiescence of the parties; and (2) does not include private settlements. (g) C
OSTS AND FEES.—Section 2412(d)(2)(B) of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘an individual’’ and insert-ing ‘‘a United States citizen’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘United States citizen’’ be-fore ‘‘owner’’. 
SEC. 1775. USE OF 1986 IRCA LEGALIZATION IN-FORMATION FOR NATIONAL SECU-RITY PURPOSES. 
(a) S PECIAL AGRICULTURAL WORKERS .—Sec- tion 210(b)(6) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1160(b)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Justice’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00099 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1028 February 14, 2018 
(3) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respec-tively; (4) inserting after subparagraph (B) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(C) A
UTHORIZED DISCLOSURES .— ‘‘(i) C
ENSUS PURPOSE .—The Secretary may provide, in the Secretary’s discretion, for the furnishing of information furnished under this section in the same manner and cir-cumstances as census information may be disclosed under section 8 of title 13, United States Code.’’. ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL SECURITY PURPOSE .—The Secretary may provide, in the Secretary’s discretion, for the furnishing, use, publica-tion, or release of information furnished under this section in any investigation, case, or matter, or for any purpose, relating to terrorism, national intelligence or the na-tional security. ‘‘(iii) S
UBSEQUENT APPLICATIONS FOR IMMI -
GRATION BENEFITS .—The Secretary may use the information furnished under this section to adjudicate subsequent applications, peti-tions, or requests for immigration benefits filed by the alien. ‘‘(iv) A
LIEN CONSENT .—The Secretary may use the information furnished under this sec-tion for any purpose when the alien consents to its disclosure or use by the Secretary. ‘‘(v) O
THER CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may use the information furnished under this section for other purposes and in other circumstances in which disclosure of the in-formation is not related to removal of the alien from the United States.’’; and (5) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, striking ‘‘Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Depart-ment of Homeland Security’’. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—Section 245A(c)(5) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255a(c)(5)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘Justice’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security’’; and (3) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) A
UTHORIZED DISCLOSURES .— ‘‘(i) C
ENSUS PURPOSE .—The Secretary may provide, in the Secretary’s discretion, for the furnishing of information furnished under this section in the same manner and cir-cumstances as census information may be disclosed under section 8 of title 13, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) N
ATIONAL SECURITY PURPOSE .—The Secretary may provide, in the Secretary’s discretion, for the furnishing, use, publica-tion, or release of information furnished under this section in any investigation, case, or matter, or for any purpose, relating to terrorism, national intelligence or the na-tional security.’’. 
SEC. 1776. UNIFORM STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR CERTAIN IMMIGRATION, NATU-RALIZATION, AND PEONAGE OF-FENSES. 
Section 3291 of title 18, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3291. Nationality, citizenship and passports ‘‘No person shall be prosecuted, tried, or punished for a violation of any section of chapter 69 (relating to nationality and citi-zenship offenses) or 75 (relating to passport, visa, and immigration offenses), for a viola-tion of any criminal provision of section 243, 274, 275, 276, 277, or 278 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1253, 1324, 1325, 1326, 1327, 1328), or for an attempt or con-spiracy to violate any such section, unless the indictment is returned or the informa-tion is filed within 10 years after the com-mission of the offense.’’. SEC. 1777. CONFORMING AMENDMENT TO THE DEFINITION OF RACKETEERING AC-TIVITY. 
Section 1961(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 1542’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 1546 (relating to fraud and misuse of visas, per-mits, and other documents)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 1541 through 1546 (relating to pass-ports and visas)’’. 
SEC. 1778. VALIDITY OF ELECTRONIC SIGNA-TURES. 
(a) C IVILCASES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1351 et seq.), as amended by section 1126(a) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 296. VALIDITY OF SIGNATURES. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In any proceeding, adju-dication, or any other matter arising under the immigration laws, an individual’s hand written or electronic signature on any peti-tion, application, or any other document ex-ecuted or provided for any purpose under the immigration laws establishes a rebuttable presumption that the signature executed is that of the individual signing, that the indi-vidual is aware of the contents of the docu-ment, and intends to sign it.’’. ‘‘(b) R
ECORD INTEGRITY .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to ensure that when any electronic signature is captured for any petition, application, or other docu-ment submitted for purposes of obtaining an immigration benefit, the identity of the per-son is verified and authenticated, and the record of such identification and verification is preserved for litigation purposes.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 295, as added by section 1126(a)(2) of this Act, the following: ‘‘Sec. 296. Validity of signatures.’’. (b) C
RIMINAL CASES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3513. Signatures relating to immigration matters ‘‘In a criminal proceeding in a court of the United States, if an individual’s handwritten or electronic signature appears on a petition, application, or other document executed or provided for any purpose under the immigra-tion laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)), the trier of fact may infer that the document was signed by that indi-vidual, and that the individual knew the con-tents of the document and intended to sign the document.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 3512 the fol-lowing: ‘‘3513. Signatures relating to immigration matters.’’. Subtitle H—Prohibition on Terrorists Obtaining Lawful Status in the United States CHAPTER 1—PROHIBITION ON ADJUST-MENT TO LAWFUL PERMANENT RESI-DENT STATUS 
SEC. 1801. LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS AS APPLICANTS FOR ADMISSION. 
Section 101(a)(13)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(13)(C)) is amended— (1) in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), and (iv), by striking the comma at the end of each clause and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (v), by striking the ‘‘, or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’ and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) is described in section 212(a)(3) or 237(a)(4).’’. SEC. 1802. DATE OF ADMISSION FOR PURPOSES OF ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS. 
(a) A PPLICANTS FOR ADMISSION .—Section 101(a)(13) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(13)), as amended by sec-tion 1801, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), adjustment of status of an alien to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence under section 245 or under any other provision of law is an admission of the alien.’’. (b) E
LIGIBILITY TO BEREMOVED FOR A  C
RIME INVOLVING MORAL TURPITUDE .—Sec- tion 237(a)(2)(A)(i)(I) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(A)(i)(I)) is amended by striking ‘‘date of admission,’’ inserting ‘‘alien’s most recent date of admission;’’. 
SEC. 1803. PRECLUDING ASYLEE AND REFUGEE ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR CER-TAIN GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORTABILITY. 
(a) G ROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 209(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1159(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (2)(C) or subpara-graph (A), (B), (C), or (E) of paragraph (3))’’, and inserting ‘‘(other than subparagraph (C) or (G) of paragraph (2) or subparagraph (A), (B), (C), (E), (F), or (G) of paragraph (3))’’. (b) G
ROUNDS OF DEPORTABILITY .—Section 209 of such Act, as amended by subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) An alien’s status may not be adjusted under this section if the alien is in removal proceedings under section 238 or 240 and is charged with any ground of deportability under paragraph (2), (3), (4), or (6) of section 237(a).’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to— (1) any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) all aliens who are required to establish admissibility on or after such date in all re-moval, deportation, or exclusion proceedings that are filed, pending, or reopened, on or after such date. 
SEC. 1804. REVOCATION OF LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATORS. 
Section 240(b)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A
DDITIONAL APPLICATION TO CERTAIN  
ALIENS OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES WHO  
ARE ASSOCIATED WITH HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLA -
TIONS .—Subparagraphs (A) through (E) shall apply to any alien placed in proceedings under this section who— ‘‘(i) is outside of the United States; ‘‘(ii) has been provided written notice in accordance with section 239(a) (whether the alien is within or outside the United States); and ‘‘(iii) is described in section 212(a)(2)(G) (persons who have committed particularly severe violations of religious freedom), 212(a)(3)(E) (Nazi and other persecution, genocide, war crimes, crimes against human-ity, extrajudicial killing, torture, or speci-fied human rights violations), or 212(a)(3)(G) (recruitment or use of child soldiers).’’. 
SEC. 1805. REMOVAL OF CONDITION ON LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS PRIOR TO NATURALIZATION. 
Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00100 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1029 February 14, 2018 
(1) in section 216(e) (8 U.S.C. 1186a(e)), by inserting ‘‘, if the alien has had the condi-tional basis removed pursuant to this sec-tion’’ before the period at the end; and (2) in section 216A(e) (8 U.S.C. 1186b(e)), by inserting ‘‘, if the alien has had the condi-tional basis removed pursuant to this sec-tion’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1806. PROHIBITION ON TERRORISTS AND ALIENS WHO POSE A THREAT TO NA-TIONAL SECURITY OR PUBLIC SAFE-TY FROM RECEIVING AN ADJUST-MENT OF STATUS. 
(a) A PPLICATION FOR ADJUSTMENT OF STA-
TUS IN THE UNITED STATES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 245 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) is amended by striking the section heading and subsection (a) and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 245. ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS TO THAT OF A PERSON ADMITTED FOR PERMA-NENT RESIDENCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR ADJUSTMENT .—The status of an alien who was inspected and ad-mitted or paroled into the United States or the status of any other alien having an ap-proved petition for classification under the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 13701 et seq.) as a spouse or child who has been battered or subjected to extreme cruelty may be adjusted by the Secretary or by the Attorney General, in the discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General, and under such regulations as the Secretary or the Attorney General may prescribe, to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if— ‘‘(A) the alien files an application for such adjustment; ‘‘(B) the alien is eligible to receive an im-migrant visa, is admissible to the United States for permanent residence, and is not subject to exclusion, deportation, or removal from the United States; and ‘‘(C) an immigrant visa is immediately available to the alien at the time the alien’s application is filed. ‘‘(2) R
EQUIREMENT TO OBTAIN AN IMMIGRANT  
VISA OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this sec-tion, if the Secretary determines that an alien may be a threat to national security or public safety or if the Secretary determines that a favorable exercise of discretion to allow an alien to seek to adjust his or her status in the United States is not warranted, the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, may deny the appli-cation for adjustment of status. If the Sec-retary denies an application for adjustment of status under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify the Attorney General of such de-cision and the Attorney General shall deny any application for adjustment of status filed by the alien in an immigration pro-ceeding.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 245 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 245. Adjustment of status to that of a person admitted for permanent residence.’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON TERRORISTS AND ALIENS  W
HOPOSE A THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY  
ORPUBLIC SAFETY ON ADJUSTMENT TO LAW-
FULPERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS .—Section 245(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(c)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) Except for an alien who has an ap-proved petition for classification as a VAWA self-petitioner, subsection (a) shall not apply to— ‘‘(1) an alien crewman; ‘‘(2) subject to subsection (k), any alien (other than an immediate relative (as de-fined in section 201(b)) or a special immi-grant (as described in subparagraph (H), (I), (J), or (K) of section 101(a)(27))) who— ‘‘(A) continues in or accepts unauthorized employment before filing an application for adjustment of status; ‘‘(B) is in unlawful immigration status on the date he or she files an application for ad-justment of status; or ‘‘(C) has failed (other than through no fault of his or her own or for technical rea-sons) to maintain continuously a lawful sta-tus since entry into the United States; ‘‘(3) any alien admitted in transit without a visa under section 212(d)(4)(C); ‘‘(4) an alien (other than an immediate rel-ative (as defined in section 201(b))) who was admitted as a nonimmigrant visitor without a visa under section 212(l) or 217; ‘‘(5) an alien who was admitted as a non-immigrant under section 101(a)(15)(S); ‘‘(6) an alien described in section 212(a)(3)(B) or in subparagraph (B), (F), or (G) of section 237(a)(4); ‘‘(7) any alien who seeks adjustment of sta-tus to that of an immigrant under section 203(b) and is not in a lawful nonimmigrant status; ‘‘(8) any alien who has committed, ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; or ‘‘(9) any alien who— ‘‘(A) was employed while the alien was an unauthorized alien (as defined in section 274A(h)(3)); or ‘‘(B) has otherwise violated the terms of a nonimmigrant visa.’’. SEC. 1807. TREATMENT OF APPLICATIONS FOR ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS DURING PENDING DENATURALIZATION PRO-CEEDINGS. 
(a) V ISAISSUANCE .—Section 221(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(g)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘No visa’’; (2) by striking ‘‘if (1) it appears’’ and in-serting the following: ‘‘if— ‘‘(A) it appears’’; (3) by striking ‘‘law, (2) the application’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘law; ‘‘(B) the application’’; (4) by striking ‘‘thereunder, or (3) the con-sular officer’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘thereunder; ‘‘(C) the consular officer’’; (5) by striking ‘‘provision of law: Provided, That a visa’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘provision of law; or ‘‘(D) the approved petition for classifica-tion under section 203 or 204 that is the un-derlying basis for the application for a visa was filed by an individual who has a judicial proceeding pending against him or her that would result in the individual’s denaturalization under section 340. ‘‘(2) A visa’’; and (6) by striking ‘‘section 213: Provided fur-ther, That a visa’’ and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘section 213. ‘‘(3) A visa’’. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—Section 245 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1451), as amended by sections 1764 and 1806, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) An application for adjustment of sta-tus may not be considered or approved by the Secretary or the Attorney General, and no court may order the approval of an appli-cation for adjustment of status if the ap-proved petition for classification under sec-tion 204 that is the underlying basis for the application for adjustment of status was filed by an individual who has a judicial pro-ceeding pending against him or her that would result in the revocation of the individ-ual’s naturalization under section 340.’’. SEC. 1808. EXTENSION OF TIME LIMIT TO PERMIT RESCISSION OF PERMANENT RESI-DENT STATUS. 
Section 246 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1256) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(a)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘within five years’’ and in-serting ‘‘within 10 years’’; (C) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) In any removal proceeding involving an alien whose status has been rescinded under this subsection, the determination by the Secretary that the alien was not eligible for adjustment of status is not subject to re-view or reconsideration during such pro-ceedings.’’. (2) by redesignating subsection (b) as sub-section (c); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(b) Nothing in subsection (a) may be con-strued to require the Secretary to rescind the alien’s status before the commencement of removal proceedings under section 240. The Secretary may commence removal pro-ceedings at any time against any alien who is removable, including aliens whose status was adjusted to that of an alien lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence under sec-tion 245 or 249 or under any other provision of law. There is no statute of limitations with respect to the commencement of re-moval proceedings under section 240. An order of removal issued by an immigration judge shall be sufficient to rescind the alien’s status.’’. 
SEC. 1809. BARRING PERSECUTORS AND TERROR-ISTS FROM REGISTRY. 
Section 249 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1259) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 249. RECORD OF ADMISSION FOR PERMA-NENT RESIDENCE IN THE CASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS WHO ENTERED THE UNITED STATES PRIOR TO JAN-UARY 1, 1972. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, in the discretion of the Secretary and under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, may enter a record of lawful admission for permanent residence in the case of any alien, if no such record is otherwise available and the alien— ‘‘(1) entered the United States before Janu-ary 1, 1972; ‘‘(2) has continuously resided in the United States since such entry; ‘‘(3) has been a person of good moral char-acter since such entry; ‘‘(4) is not ineligible for citizenship; ‘‘(5) is not described in paragraph (1)(A)(iv), (2), (3), (6)(C), (6)(E), (8), or (9)(C) of section 212(a); ‘‘(6) is not described in paragraph (1)(E), (1)(G), (2), (4) of section 237(a); and ‘‘(7) did not, at any time, without reason-able cause, fail or refuse to attend or remain in attendance at a proceeding to determine the alien’s inadmissibility or deportability. ‘‘(b) R
ECORDATION DATE OF PERMANENT  R
ESIDENCE .—The record of an alien’s lawful admission for permanence residence shall be the date on which the Secretary approves the application for such status under this section.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00101 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1030 February 14, 2018 
CHAPTER 2—PROHIBITION ON NATU-RALIZATION AND UNITED STATES CITI-ZENSHIP 
SEC. 1821. BARRING TERRORISTS FROM BECOM-ING NATURALIZED UNITED STATES CITIZENS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 316 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1427) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g)(1)(A) Except as provided in subpara-graph (B), a person may not be naturalized if the Secretary determines, in the discretion of the Secretary, that the alien is described in section 212(a)(3) or 237(a)(4) at any time, including any period before or after the fil-ing of an application for naturalization. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien described in section 212(a)(3) if— ‘‘(i) the alien received an exemption under section 212(d)(3)(B)(i); and ‘‘(ii) the only conduct or actions by the alien that are described in section 212(a)(3) (and would bar the alien from naturalization under this paragraph) are specifically cov-ered by the exemption referred to in clause (i). ‘‘(2) A determination under paragraph (1) may be based upon any relevant information or evidence, including classified, sensitive, or national security information.’’. (b) A
PPLICABILITY TO CITIZENSHIP THROUGH  N
ATURALIZATION OF PARENT OR SPOUSE .—Sec- tion 340(d) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1451(d)) is amended— (1) by striking the first sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(1) A person who claims United States citizenship through the naturalization of a parent or spouse shall be deemed to have lost his or her citizenship, and any right or privi-lege of citizenship which he or she may have acquired, or may hereafter acquire by virtue of the naturalization of such parent or spouse, if the order granting citizenship to such parent or spouse is revoked and set aside under the provisions of— ‘‘(A) subsection (a) on the ground that the order and certificate of naturalization were procured by concealment of a material fact or by willful misrepresentation; or ‘‘(B) subsection (e) pursuant to a convic-tion under section 1425 of title 18, United States Code.’’. (2) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘Any person’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Any person’’. 
SEC. 1822. TERRORIST BAR TO GOOD MORAL CHARACTER. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GOOD MORAL CHAR-
ACTER .—Section 101(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(f)), as amended by sections 1710(d), 1712(h), and 1713(d), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (8), by inserting ‘‘, regard-less of whether the crime was classified as an aggravated felony at the time of conviction’’ before the semicolon at the end; (2) by inserting after paragraph (11), the following: ‘‘(12) one who the Secretary or the Attor-ney General determines, in the unreviewable discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General, to have been an alien described in section 212(a)(3) or 237(a)(4), which deter-mination— ‘‘(A) may be based upon any relevant infor-mation or evidence, including classified, sen-sitive, or national security information; and ‘‘(B) shall be binding upon any court re-gardless of the applicable standard of re-view.’’; and (3) in the undesignated matter at the end, by striking the first sentence and inserting following: ‘‘The fact that a person is not within any of the foregoing classes shall not preclude a dis-cretionary finding for other reasons that such a person is or was not of good moral character. The Secretary or the Attorney General shall not be limited to the appli-cant’s conduct during the period for which good moral character is required, but may take into consideration as a basis for deter-mination the applicant’s conduct and acts at any time. The Secretary or the Attorney General, in the unreviewable discretion of the Secretary or the Attorney General, may determine that paragraph (8) shall not apply to a single aggravated felony conviction (other than murder, manslaughter, homicide, rape, or any sex offense when the victim of such sex offense was a minor) for which com-pletion of the term of imprisonment or the sentence (whichever is later) occurred 15 years or longer before the date on which the person filed an application under this Act.’’. (b) AGGRAVATED FELONS .—Section 509(b) of the Immigration Act of 1990 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note; Public Law 101–649) is amended by striking ‘‘convictions’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘convictions occurring before, on, or after such date.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES ; APPLICATION .— (1) S
UBSECTION (a).—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, shall apply to any act that occurred before, on, or after such date of enactment, and shall apply to any application for naturalization or any other benefit or relief, or any other case or matter under the immigration laws pending on or filed after such date of enactment. (2) S
UBSECTION (b).—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall take effect as if in-cluded in the enactment of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458). 
SEC. 1823. PROHIBITION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW OF NATURALIZATION APPLICATIONS FOR ALIENS IN REMOVAL PRO-CEEDINGS. 
Section 318 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1429) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 318. PREREQUISITE TO NATURALIZATION; BURDEN OF PROOF. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this chapter, no person may be natu-ralized unless he or she has been lawfully ad-mitted to the United States for permanent residence in accordance with all applicable provisions of this chapter. ‘‘(b) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—A person described in subsection (a) shall have the burden of proof to show that he or she entered the United States lawfully, and the time, place, and manner of such entry into the United States. In presenting such proof, the person is entitled to the production of his or her im-migrant visa, if any, or of other entry docu-ment, if any, and of any other documents and records, not considered by the Secretary to be confidential, pertaining to such entry, in the custody of the Department. ‘‘(c) L
IMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—Notwith- standing section 405(b), and except as pro-vided in sections 328 and 329— ‘‘(1) a person may not be naturalized against whom there is outstanding a final finding of removal, exclusion, or deporta-tion; ‘‘(2) an application for naturalization may not be considered by the Secretary or by any court if there is pending against the appli-cant any removal proceeding or other pro-ceeding to determine whether the applicant’s lawful permanent resident status should be rescinded, regardless of when such pro-ceeding was commenced; and ‘‘(3) the findings of the Attorney General in terminating removal proceedings or in cancelling the removal of an alien pursuant to this Act may not be deemed binding in any way upon the Secretary with respect to the question of whether such person has es-tablished his or her eligibility for naturaliza-tion under this Act.’’. SEC. 1824. LIMITATION ON JUDICIAL REVIEW WHEN AGENCY HAS NOT MADE DECI-SION ON NATURALIZATION APPLICA-TION AND ON DENIALS. 
(a) L IMITATION ON REVIEW OF PENDING NAT-
URALIZATION APPLICATIONS .—Section 336 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1447) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘If,’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—If,’’; and (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) R
EQUEST FOR HEARING BEFORE DIS-
TRICT COURT .—If a final administrative de-termination is not made on an application for naturalization under section 335 before the end of the 180-day period beginning on the date on which the Secretary completes all examinations and interviews under such section (as such terms are defined by the Secretary, by regulation), the applicant may apply to the district court for the district in which the applicant resides for a hearing on the matter. Such court shall only have juris-diction to review the basis for delay and re-mand the matter to the Secretary for the Secretary’s determination on the applica-tion.’’. (b) L
IMITATIONS ON REVIEW OF DENIAL .— Section 310 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1421) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(1) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DENIAL .—A person whose application for naturalization under this title is denied may, not later than 120 days after the date of the Secretary’s admin-istratively final determination on the appli-cation and after a hearing before an immi-gration officer under section 336(a), seek re-view of such denial before the United States district court for the district in which such person resides in accordance with chapter 7 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—The petitioner shall have burden of proof to show that the Secretary’s denial of the application for nat-uralization was not supported by facially le-gitimate and bona fide reasons. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATIONS ON REVIEW .—Except in a proceeding under section 340, and notwith-standing any other provision of law, includ-ing section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to determine, or to review a determination of the Secretary made at any time regarding, whether, for purposes of an application for naturalization, an alien— ‘‘(A) is a person of good moral character; ‘‘(B) understands and is attached to the principles of the Constitution of the United States; or ‘‘(C) is well disposed to the good order and happiness of the United States.’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by inserting ‘‘
SUBPOENAS .—’’ before ‘‘The immigration officer’’; (B) by striking ‘‘subpena’’ and inserting ‘‘subpoena’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘subpenas’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘subpoenas’’; and (3) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘N
AME C
HANGE .—’’ before ‘‘It shall’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE; A PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section— (1) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; (2) shall apply to any act that occurred be-fore, on, or after such date of enactment; and (3) shall apply to any application for natu-ralization or any other case or matter under the immigration laws that is pending on, or filed after, such date of enactment. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00102 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1031 February 14, 2018 
SEC. 1825. CLARIFICATION OF DENATURALIZATION AUTHORITY. 
Section 340 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1451) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘United States attorneys for the respective districts’’ and inserting ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) The Government shall have the burden of proof to establish, by clear, unequivocal, and convincing evidence, that an order granting citizenship to an alien should be re-voked and a certificate of naturalization cancelled because such order and certificate were illegally procured or were procured by concealment of a material fact or by willful misrepresentation.’’. 
SEC. 1826. DENATURALIZATION OF TERRORISTS. 
(a) D ENATURALIZATION FOR TERRORISTS AC-
TIVITIES .—Section 340 of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by section 1825, is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (h) as subsections (f) through (j), re-spectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d)(1) If a person who has been natural-ized, during the 15-year period after such naturalization, participates in any act de-scribed in paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) such act shall be considered prima facie evidence that such person was not at-tached to the principles of the Constitution of the United States and was not well dis-posed to the good order and happiness of the United States at the time of naturalization; and ‘‘(B) in the absence of countervailing evi-dence, such act shall be sufficient in the proper proceeding to authorize the revoca-tion and setting aside of the order admitting such person to citizenship and the cancella-tion of the certificate of naturalization as having been obtained by concealment of a material fact or by willful misrepresenta-tion; and ‘‘(C) such revocation and setting aside of the order admitting such person to citizen-ship and such canceling of certificate of nat-uralization shall be effective as of the origi-nal date of the order and certificate, respec-tively. ‘‘(2) The acts described in this paragraph that shall subject a person to a revocation and setting aside of his or her naturalization under paragraph (1)(B) are— ‘‘(A) any activity a purpose of which is the opposition to, or the control or overthrow of, the Government of the United States by force, violence, or other unlawful means; ‘‘(B) engaging in a terrorist activity (as de-fined in clauses (iii) and (iv) of section 212(a)(3)(B)); ‘‘(C) endorsing or espousing terrorist activ-ity, or persuading others to endorse or espouse terrorist activity or a terrorist orga-nization; and ‘‘(D) receiving military-type training (as defined in section 2339D(c)(1) of title 18, United States Code) from or on behalf of any organization that, at the time the training was received, was a terrorist organization (as defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi)).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur on or after such date. 
SEC. 1827. TREATMENT OF PENDING APPLICA-TIONS DURING DENATURALIZATION PROCEEDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 204(b) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(b)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘After’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), after’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) The Secretary may not adjudicate or approve any petition filed under this section by an individual who has a judicial pro-ceeding pending against him or her that would result in the individual’s denaturalization under section 340 until— ‘‘(A) such proceedings have concluded; and ‘‘(B) the period for appeal has expired or any appeals have been finally decided, if ap-plicable.’’. (b) WITHHOLDING OF IMMIGRATION BENE-
FITS.—Section 340 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1451), as amended by sections 1825 and 1826, is fur-ther amended by inserting after subsection (d), as added by section 1826(a)(2), the fol-lowing: ‘‘(e) The Secretary may not approve any application, petition, or request for any im-migration benefit from an individual against whom there is a judicial proceeding pending that would result in the individual’s denaturalization under this section until— ‘‘(1) such proceedings have concluded; and ‘‘(2) the period for appeal has expired or any appeals have been finally decided, if ap-plicable.’’. 
SEC. 1828. NATURALIZATION DOCUMENT RETEN-TION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title III of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1421 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 344 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 345. NATURALIZATION DOCUMENT RETEN-TION. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-tain all documents described in subsection (b) for a minimum of 7 years for law enforce-ment and national security investigations and for litigation purposes, regardless of whether such documents are scanned into U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services’ electronic immigration system or stored in any electronic format. ‘‘(b) D
OCUMENTS TO BERETAINED .—The doc- uments described in this subsection are— ‘‘(1) the original paper naturalization ap-plication and all supporting paper documents submitted with the application at the time of filing, subsequent to filing, and during the course of the naturalization interview; and ‘‘(2) any paper documents submitted in connection with an application for natu-ralization that is filed electronically.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act is amended by in-serting after the item relating to section 344 the following: ‘‘Sec. 345. Naturalization document reten-tion.’’. CHAPTER 3—FORFEITURE OF PROCEEDS FROM PASSPORT AND VISA OFFENSES, AND PASSPORT REVOCATION. 
SEC. 1831. FORFEITURE OF PROCEEDS FROM PASSPORT AND VISA OFFENSES. 
Section 981(a)(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) Any real or personal property that has been used to commit, or to facilitate the commission of, a violation of chapter 75, the gross proceeds of such violation, and any property traceable to any such property or proceeds.’’. 
SEC. 1832. PASSPORT REVOCATION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Passport Revocation Act’’. (b) R
EVOCATION OR DENIAL OF PASSPORTS  
AND PASSPORT CARDS TO INDIVIDUALS WHO A
REAFFILIATED WITHFOREIGN TERRORIST  O
RGANIZATIONS .—The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the issue and validity of pass-ports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), which is com-monly known as the ‘‘Passport Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘SEC. 5. AUTHORITY TO DENY OR REVOKE PASS-PORT AND PASSPORT CARD. 
‘‘(a) I NELIGIBILITY .— ‘‘(1) I
SSUANCE .—Except as provided under subsection (b), the Secretary of State shall refuse to issue a passport or a passport card to any individual— ‘‘(A) who has been convicted of a violation of chapter 113B of title 18, United States Code; or ‘‘(B)(i) whom the Secretary has determined is a member of or is otherwise affiliated with an organization the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) has aided, abetted, or provided mate-rial support to an organization described in clause (i). ‘‘(2) R
EVOCATION .—The Secretary of State shall revoke a passport previously issued to any individual described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) E
XCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) E
MERGENCY CIRCUMSTANCES , HUMANI -
TARIAN REASONS , AND LAW ENFORCEMENT PUR -
POSES .—Notwithstanding subsection (a), the Secretary of State may issue, or decline to revoke, a passport of an individual described in such subsection in emergency cir-cumstances, for humanitarian reasons, or for law enforcement purposes. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION FOR RETURN TO UNITED  
STATES .—Notwithstanding subsection (a)(2), the Secretary of State, before revocation, may— ‘‘(A) limit a previously issued passport for use only for return travel to the United States; or ‘‘(B) issue a limited passport that only per-mits return travel to the United States. ‘‘(c) R
IGHT OF REVIEW .—Any individual who, in accordance with this section, is de-nied issuance of a passport by the Secretary of State, or whose passport is revoked or otherwise limited by the Secretary of State, may request a hearing before the Secretary of State not later than 60 days after receiv-ing notice of such denial, revocation, or limi-tation. ‘‘(d) R
EPORT .—If the Secretary of State de-nies, issues, limits, or declines to revoke a passport or passport card under subsection (b), the Secretary, not later than 30 days after such denial, issuance, limitation, or revocation, shall submit a report to Congress that describes such denial, issuance, limita-tion, or revocation, as appropriate.’’. TITLE II—PERMANENT REAUTHORIZA-TION OF VOLUNTARY E–VERIFY 
SEC. 2001. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION. 
Section 401(b) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by striking ‘‘Unless the Congress otherwise provides, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall termi-nate a pilot program on September 30, 2015.’’. 
SEC. 2002. PREEMPTION; LIABILITY. 
Section 402 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(g) L
IMITATION ON STATE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) P
REEMPTION .—A State or local govern-ment may not prohibit a person or other en-tity from verifying the employment author-ization of new hires or current employees through E-Verify. ‘‘(2) L
IABILITY .—A person or other entity that participates in E-Verify may not be held liable under any Federal, State, or local law for any employment-related action taken with respect to the wrongful termi-nation of an individual in good faith reliance on information provided through E-Verify.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00103 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1032 February 14, 2018 
SEC. 2003. INFORMATION SHARING. 
The Commissioner of Social Security, the Secretary of Homeland Security, and the Secretary of the Treasury shall jointly es-tablish a program to share information among their respective agencies that could lead to the identification of unauthorized aliens (as defined in section 274A(h)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)), including no-match letters and any information in the earnings suspense file. 
SEC. 2004. SMALL BUSINESS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM. 
Section 403 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as sub-section (e); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) S
MALL BUSINESS DEMONSTRATION PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than 9 months after the date of enactment of the SECURE and SUC-CEED Act, the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall establish a demonstration program that assists small businesses in rural areas or areas without internet capabilities to verify the employ-ment eligibility of newly hired employees solely through the use of publicly accessible internet terminals.’’. 
SEC. 2005. FRAUD PREVENTION. 
(a) B LOCKING MISUSED SOCIAL SECURITY AC-
COUNT NUMBERS .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the Com-missioner of Social Security, shall establish a program in which Social Security account numbers that have been identified to be sub-ject to unusual multiple use in the employ-ment eligibility verification system estab-lished under section 274A(d) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)), or that are otherwise suspected or deter-mined to have been compromised by identity fraud or other misuse, shall be blocked from use for such system purposes unless the indi-vidual using such number is able to estab-lish, through secure and fair additional secu-rity procedures, that the individual is the le-gitimate holder of the number. (b) A
LLOWING SUSPENSION OF USE OF CER-
TAIN SOCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT NUMBERS .— The Secretary of Homeland Security, in con-sultation with the Commissioner of Social Security, shall establish a program that pro-vides a reliable, secure method by which vic-tims of identity fraud and other individuals may suspend or limit the use of their Social Security account number or other identi-fying information for purposes of the em-ployment eligibility verification system es-tablished under section 274A(d) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)). The Secretary may implement the program on a limited pilot program basis be-fore making it fully available to all individ-uals. (c) A
LLOWING PARENTS TO PREVENT THEFT  
OFTHEIR CHILD’SIDENTITY .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Commissioner of Social Security, shall establish a program that provides a reliable, secure method by which parents or legal guardians may suspend or limit the use of the Social Security account number or other identifying information of a minor under their care for the purposes of the employ-ment eligibility verification system estab-lished under 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)). The Sec-retary may implement the program on a lim-ited pilot program basis before making it fully available to all individuals. 
SEC. 2006. IDENTITY AUTHENTICATION EMPLOY-MENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION PILOT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the Commissioner of So-cial Security and the Director of the Na-tional Institute of Standards and Tech-nology, shall establish, by regulation, not fewer than 2 Identity Authentication Em-ployment Eligibility Verification pilot pro-grams (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Au-thentication Pilots’’), each of which shall use a separate and distinct technology. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Authen-tication Pilots shall be to provide for iden-tity authentication and employment eligi-bility verification with respect to enrolled new employees to any employer that elects to participate in an Authentication Pilot. (c) C
ANCELLATION .—Any participating em-ployer may cancel the employer’s participa-tion in an Authentication Pilot after 1 year after electing to participate without preju-dice to future participation. (d) R
EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after commencement of the Authentication Pilots, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that in-cludes the Secretary’s findings on the Au-thentication Pilots and the authentication technologies chosen. TITLE III—SUCCEED ACT 
SEC. 3001. SHORT TITLES. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Solution for Undocumented Children through Careers, Employment, Education, and Defending our Nation Act’’ or the ‘‘SUCCEED Act’’. 
SEC. 3002. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, any term used in this title that is also used in the immigration laws shall have the meaning given such term in the immigration laws. (2) A
LIEN ENLISTEE .—The term ‘‘alien en-listee’’ means a conditional temporary resi-dent that seeks to maintain or extend such status by complying with the requirements under this title relating to enlistment and service in the Armed Forces of the United States. (3) A
LIEN POSTSECONDARY STUDENT .—The term ‘‘alien postsecondary student’’ means a conditional temporary resident that seeks to maintain or extend such status by complying with the requirements under this title relat-ing to enrollment in, and graduation from, an institution of higher education in the United States. (4) C
ONDITIONAL TEMPORARY RESIDENT .— (A) D
EFINITION .—The term ‘‘conditional temporary resident’’ means an alien de-scribed in subparagraph (B) who is granted conditional temporary resident status under this title. (B) D
ESCRIPTION .—An alien granted condi-tional temporary resident status under this title— (i) shall not be considered to be an alien who is unlawfully present in the United States for purposes of the immigration laws, including section 505 of the Illegal Immigra-tion Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1623); (ii) shall not be permitted to apply for ad-justment of status under section 245(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)) until the date on which the alien is permitted to so apply under section 3005; (iii) has the intention to permanently re-side in the United States; (iv) is not required to have a foreign resi-dence which the alien has no intention of abandoning; and (v) on the date on which the alien is eligi-ble to apply for adjustment of status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence under section 3005, the shall be considered to have been inspected and admit-ted for the purposes of section 245(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)). (5) FEDERAL PUBLIC BENEFIT .—The term ‘‘Federal public benefit’’ means— (A) the American Opportunity Tax Credit authorized under section 25A(i) of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986; (B) the Earned Income Tax Credit author-ized under section 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (C) the Health Coverage Tax Credit author-ized under section 35 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; (D) Social Security benefits authorized under title II of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 401 et seq.); (E) Medicare benefits authorized under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.); and (F) benefits received under the Federal- State Unemployment Compensation Act of 1970 (26 U.S.C. 3304 note). (6) I
MMIGRATION LAWS .—The term ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)). (7) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), except that the term does not include an institution of higher education outside of the United States. (8) M
ILITARY -RELATED TERMS .—The terms ‘‘active duty’’, ‘‘active service’’, ‘‘active sta-tus’’, and ‘‘armed forces’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (9) A
PPLICABLE FEDERAL TAX LIABILITY .— The term ‘‘applicable Federal tax liability’’ means liability for Federal taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in-cluding any penalties and interest on such taxes. (10) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (11) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ means— (A) a criminal offense involving— (i) domestic violence; (ii) sexual abuse or exploitation, including sexually explicit conduct involving minors (as such terms are defined in section 2256 of title 18, United States Code); (iii) burglary; (iv) unlawful possession or use of a firearm; (v) drug distribution or trafficking; or (vi) driving under the influence or driving while intoxicated; or (B) any other misdemeanor for which the individual was sentenced to a term of impris-onment of not less than 90 days (excluding a suspended sentence). 
SEC. 3003. CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL OF CER-TAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO ENTERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) S PECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM  R
ESIDENTS WHOENTERED THE UNITED STATES  
ASCHILDREN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law and except as other-wise provided in this title, the Secretary may cancel the removal of an alien who is inadmissible or deportable from the United States and grant the alien conditional tem-porary resident status under this title, if— (A) the alien has been physically present in the United States for a continuous period since June 15, 2012; (B) the alien was younger than 16 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; (C) on June 15, 2012, the alien— (i) was younger than 31 years of age; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00104 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1033 February 14, 2018 
(ii) had no lawful status in the United States; (D) in the case of an alien who is 18 years of age or older on the date of enactment of this Act, the alien— (i) meets the other requirements of this section; and (ii)(I) has, while in the United States, earned a high school diploma, obtained a general education development certificate recognized under State law, or received a high school equivalency diploma; (II) has been admitted to an institution of higher education in the United States; or (III) has served, is serving, or has enlisted in the Armed Forces of the United States; (E) in the case of an alien who is younger than 18 years of age on the date of enact-ment of this Act, the alien— (i) meets the other requirements of this section; and (ii)(I) is attending, or has enrolled in, a pri-mary or secondary school; or (II) is attending, or has enrolled in, a post-secondary school; (F) the alien has been a person of good moral character (as defined in section 101(f) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(f))) since the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; (G) the alien has paid any applicable Fed-eral tax liability or has agreed to cure such liability through a payment installment plan that has been approved by the Internal Rev-enue Service; and (H) the alien, subject to paragraph (2)— (i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), (6)(C), (6)(E), (8), (9)(C), or (10) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)), and is not in-admissible under subparagraph (A) of section 212(a)(9) of such Act (unless the Secretary de-termines that the sole basis for the alien’s removal under such subparagraph was un-lawful presence under subparagraph (B) or (C) of such section 212(a)(9)); (ii) is not deportable under paragraph (1)(D), (1)(E), (1)(G), (2), (3), (4), (5), or (6) of section 237(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)); (iii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; (iv) does not, in the sole and unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, pose a threat to national security or public safety; (v) is not a person who the Secretary knows, or has reason to believe— (I) is a member of a criminal gang; or (II) has participated in an activity of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to believe that the activity promoted, furthered, aided, or supported, or will pro-mote, further, aid, or support, the illegal ac-tivity of the criminal gang; and (vi) has not been convicted of— (I) a felony under Federal or State law, re-gardless of the sentence imposed; (II) any combination of offenses under Fed-eral or State law for which the alien was sen-tenced to imprisonment for at least 1 year; (III) a significant misdemeanor; and (IV) 3 or more misdemeanors; and (I) the alien has never been under a final administrative or judicial order of exclusion, deportation, or removal, unless the alien— (i) has remained in the United States under color of law after such final order was issued; or (ii) received the final order before attain-ing 18 years of age. (2) W
AIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in the dis-cretion of the Secretary, may waive, on a case-by-case basis, a ground of inadmis-sibility under paragraph (1), (4), (6)(B), or (6)(E) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)), and a ground of deportability under paragraph (A), (B), (C), or (E) of section 237(a)(1) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)) for humanitarian pur-poses or if such waiver is otherwise in the public interest. (B) QUARTERLY REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress that iden-tifies— (i) the number of waivers under this para-graph that were requested by aliens during the preceding quarter; (ii) the number of such requests that were granted; and (iii) the number of such requests that were denied. (C) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or non-statutory), including sections 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of title 28, United States Code, a court shall not have jurisdiction to review a determination made by the Secretary under subparagraph (A). (3) P
ROCEDURES .— (A) A
PPLICATION FOR AFFIRMATIVE RELIEF .— (i) R
EGULATIONS .— (I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue regulations that provide a procedure for eli-gible individuals to affirmatively apply for the relief available under this subsection without being placed in removal proceedings. (II) R
EQUIREMENTS .—The regulations issued under subclause (I)— (aa) shall establish a date after which an alien may not seek relief under this title; and (bb) shall not allow an affidavit or a sworn statement to be considered sufficient evi-dence to establish any claim under this title. (ii) E
LECTRONIC SUBMISSION .—An alien shall submit electronically an application for re-lief under this title that includes all sup-porting documentation, in accordance with the regulations issued under clause (i). (iii) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or non-statutory), including sections 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of title 28, United States Code, a court shall not have jurisdiction to review a determination by the Secretary with respect to an applica-tion under this subsection. (iv) D
EADLINE FOR APPLICATION .—An alien shall submit an application under this sec-tion not later than the later of— (I) in the case of an alien who is 18 years of age or older, 1 year after the date on which the Secretary begins accepting applications; and (II) 180 days after the date on which the alien attains 18 years of age. (v) F
EE.—With respect to an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall collect a fee in an amount that will ensure the recovery of the full costs of admin-istering the application and adjudication process. (B) A
CKNOWLEDGMENT TO BARS TO RELIEF .— (i) A
CKNOWLEDGMENT OF NOTIFICATION .— The regulations issued pursuant to subpara-graph (A) shall include a requirement that each alien applying for conditional tem-porary resident status under this title who is at least 18 years of age sign, under penalty of perjury, an acknowledgment confirming that the alien was notified and understands that he or she will be ineligible for any form of re-lief or immigration benefit under this title or other immigration laws other than with-holding of removal under section 241(b)(3), or relief from removal based on a claim under the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, done at New York, December 10, 1984, if the alien violates a term for condi-tional temporary resident status under this title. (ii) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding an ac-knowledgment under clause (ii), the Sec-retary, in the discretion of the Secretary, may allow an alien who violated the terms of conditional temporary resident status (other than a criminal alien or an alien deemed to be a national security or public safety risk) to seek relief from removal if the Secretary determines that such relief is warranted for humanitarian purposes or if otherwise in the public interest. (iii) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or non-statutory), including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to re-view a determination by the Secretary under clause (ii). (4) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not cancel the removal of, or grant temporary permanent resident status to, an alien under this title before the date on which— (i) the alien submits biometric and bio-graphic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary; and (ii) the Secretary receives and reviews the results of the background and security checks of the alien under paragraph (5). (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any applicant who is unable to provide the biometric or biographic data referred to in subparagraph (A) due to a physical dis-ability or impairment. (5) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall utilize biomet-ric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate, includ-ing information obtained pursuant to sub-paragraph (C)— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking relief under this subsection; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for such relief. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary cancels the removal of an alien under this title. (C) C
RIMINAL RECORD REQUESTS .—The Sec- retary, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to obtain information about any criminal activity the alien en-gaged in, or for which the alien was con-victed in his or her country of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last ha-bitual residence, from INTERPOL, EUROPOL, or any other international or na-tional law enforcement agency of the alien’s country of nationality, country of citizen-ship, or country of last habitual residence. (6) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .—An alien apply-ing for relief available under this subsection shall undergo a medical examination con-ducted by a designated civil surgeon pursu-ant to procedures established by the Sec-retary. (7) I
NTERVIEW .—The Secretary may con-duct an in-person interview of an applicant for conditional temporary resident status as part of a determination with respect to whether the alien meets the eligibility re-quirements described in this section. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00105 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1034 February 14, 2018 
(8) M ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for relief available under this sub-section shall establish that the alien has reg-istered for the Selective Service under the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. App. 451 et seq.) if the alien is subject to such registration requirement under such Act. (9) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVICTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall evaluate expunged convictions on a case-by- case basis according to the nature and sever-ity of the offense to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, an alien may be eligible for— (i) conditional temporary resident status under this title; or (ii) adjustment to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence under sec-tion 3005. (B) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (statutory or non-statutory), including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to re-view a determination by the Secretary under subparagraph (A). (b) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— For purposes of this section, any period of continuous residence or continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for cancellation of removal under subsection (a) shall not terminate when the alien is served a notice to appear under sec-tion 239(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229(a)). (c) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN  P
RESENCE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain continuous physical presence in the United States under sub-section (a)(1)(A) if the alien has departed from the United States for— (A) any period exceeding 90 days; or (B) any periods exceeding 180 days, in the aggregate, during a 5-year period. (2) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXCEPTIONAL CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the periods described in paragraph (1) by 90 days if the alien demonstrates that the failure to timely return to the United States was due to exceptional circumstances. The excep-tional circumstances determined sufficient to justify an extension should be not less compelling than the serious illness of the alien, or the death or serious illness of the alien’s parent, grandparent, sibling, or child. (3) E
XCEPTION FOR MILITARY SERVICE .—Any time spent outside of the United States that is due to the alien’s active service in the Armed Forces of the United States shall not be counted towards the time limits set forth in paragraph (1). (d) R
ULEMAKING .— (1) I
NITIAL PUBLICATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish regulations im-plementing this section. (2) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations required under para-graph (1) shall be effective, on an interim basis, immediately upon publication but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. (3) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Within a reason-able time after publication of the interim regulations under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary shall publish final regulations imple-menting this section. (e) R
EMOVAL OF ALIEN.—The Secretary may not seek to remove an alien who estab-lishes prima facie eligibility for cancellation of removal and conditional temporary resi-dent status under this title until the alien has been provided with a reasonable oppor-tunity to file an application for conditional temporary resident status under this title. SEC. 3004. CONDITIONAL TEMPORARY RESIDENT STATUS. 
(a) I NITIAL LENGTH OF STATUS .—Condi- tional temporary resident status granted to an alien under this title shall be valid— (1) for an initial period of 7 years, subject to termination under subsection (c), if appli-cable; and (2) if the alien will not reach 18 years of age before the end of the period described in paragraph (1), until the alien reaches 18 years of age. (b) T
ERMS OF CONDITIONAL TEMPORARY  R
ESIDENT STATUS .— (1) E
MPLOYMENT .—A conditional temporary resident may— (A) be employed in the United States inci-dent to conditional temporary resident sta-tus under this title; and (B) enlist in the Armed Forces of the United States in accordance with section 504(b)(1)(D) of title 10, United States Code. (2) T
RAVEL .—A conditional temporary resi-dent may travel outside the United States and may be admitted (if otherwise admis-sible) upon returning to the United States without having to obtain a visa if— (A) the alien is the bearer of valid, unex-pired documentary evidence of conditional temporary resident status under this title; and (B) the alien’s absence from the United States— (i) was not for a period of 180 days or longer, or for multiple periods exceeding 180 days in the aggregate; or (ii) was due to active service in the Armed Forces of the United States. (c) T
ERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary shall immediately terminate the con-ditional temporary resident status of an alien under this title— (1) in the case of an alien who is 18 years of age or older, if the Secretary determines that the alien is a postsecondary student who was admitted to an accredited institu-tion of higher education in the United States, but failed to enroll in such institu-tion within 1 year after the date on which the alien was granted conditional temporary resident status under this title or to remain so enrolled; (2) in the case of an alien who is younger than 18 years of age, if the Secretary deter-mines that the alien enrolled in a primary or secondary school as a full-time student, but has failed to attend such school for a period exceeding 1 year during the 7-year period be-ginning on the date on which the alien was granted conditional temporary resident sta-tus under this title; (3) in the case of an alien who was granted conditional temporary resident status under this title as an enlistee, if the alien— (A) failed to complete basic training and begin active duty service or service in Se-lected Ready Reserve of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces of the United States within 1 year after the date on which the alien was granted conditional temporary resident status under this title; or (B) has received a dishonorable or other than honorable discharge from the Armed Forces of the United States; (4) if the alien was granted conditional temporary resident status under this title as a result of fraud or misrepresentation; (5) if the alien ceases to meet a require-ment under subparagraph (F), (G), (H), or (I) of section 3003(a)(1); (6) if the alien violated a term or condition of his or her conditional resident status; (7) if the alien has become a public charge; (8) if the alien has not maintained employ-ment in the United States for a period of at least 1 year since the alien was granted con-ditional temporary resident status under this title and while the alien was not en-rolled as a student in a postsecondary school or institution of higher education or serving in the Armed Forces of the United States; or (9) if the alien has not completed a com-bination of employment, military service, or postsecondary school totaling 62 months dur-ing the 7-year period beginning on the date on which the alien was granted conditional temporary resident status under this title. (d) RETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA-
TUS.—The immigration status of an alien the conditional temporary resident status of whom is terminated under subsection (c) shall return to the immigration status of the alien on the day before the date on which the alien received conditional temporary resi-dent status under this title. (e) E
XTENSION OF CONDITIONAL TEMPORARY  R
ESIDENT STATUS .—The Secretary shall ex-tend the conditional temporary resident sta-tus of an alien granted such status under this title for 1 additional 5-year period be-yond the period specified in subsection (a) if the alien— (1) has demonstrated good moral character during the entire period the alien has been a conditional temporary resident under this title; (2) is in compliance with section 3003(a)(1); (3) has not abandoned the alien’s residence in the United States by being absent from the United States for a period of 180 days, or multiple periods of at least 180 days, in the aggregate, during the period of conditional temporary resident status under this title, unless the absence of the alien was due to ac-tive service in the Armed Forces of the United States; (4) does not have any delinquent tax liabil-ities; (5) has not received any Federal public ben-efit; and (6) while the alien has been a conditional temporary resident under this title— (A) has graduated from an accredited insti-tution of higher education in the United States; (B) has attended an accredited institution of higher education in the United States on a full-time basis for not less than 8 semes-ters; (C)(i) has served as a member of a regular or reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States in an active duty status for at least 3 years; and (ii) if discharged from such service, re-ceived an honorable discharge; or (D) has, for a cumulative total of not less than 48 months— (i) attended an accredited institution of higher education in the United States on a full-time basis; (ii)(I) honorably served in the Armed Forces of the United States; and (II) maintained employment in the United States; or (iii)(I) attended an accredited institution of higher education in the United States; (II) honorably served in the Armed Forces of the United States; and (III) otherwise maintained lawful employ-ment in the United States. (f) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS STATUS .—The im- migration status of an alien receiving an ex-tension of conditional temporary resident status shall return to the immigration sta-tus of the alien on the day before the date on which the alien received conditional tem-porary resident status if the alien has not filed to adjust status to that of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence under section 3005 by the date on which the 5-year period referred to in subsection (e) ends. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00106 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1035 February 14, 2018 
SEC. 3005. REMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS FOR TEMPORARY RESIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—An alien who has been a conditional temporary resident under this title for at least 7 years may file an applica-tion with the Secretary, in accordance with subsection (c), to adjust status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence. The application shall include the re-quired fee and shall be filed in accordance with the procedures established by the Sec-retary. (b) A
DJUDICATION OF APPLICATION FOR AD-
JUSTMENT OF STATUS .— (1) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS IF FAVORABLE  
DETERMINATION .—If the Secretary determines that an alien who filed an application under subsection (a) meets the requirements de-scribed in subsection (d), the Secretary shall— (A) notify the alien of such determination; and (B) adjust the alien’s status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence. (2) T
ERMINATION IF ADVERSE DETERMINA -
TION.—If the Secretary determines that an alien who files an application under sub-section (a) does not meet the requirements described in subsection (d), the Secretary shall— (A) notify the alien of such determination; and (B) terminate the conditional temporary status of the alien. (c) T
IME TO FILEAPPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Applications for adjust-ment of status described in subsection (a) shall be filed during the period— (A) beginning 180 days before the expira-tion of the 7-year period of conditional tem-porary resident status under this title; and (B) ending— (i) 7 years after the date on which condi-tional temporary resident status was ini-tially granted to the alien under this title; or (ii) after the conditional temporary resi-dent status has been terminated. (2) S
TATUS DURING PENDENCY .—An alien shall be deemed to be in conditional tem-porary resident status in the United States during the period in which an application filed by the alien under subsection (a) is pending. (d) C
ONTENTS OF APPLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Each application filed by an alien under subsection (a) shall contain information to permit the Secretary to de-termine whether the alien— (A) has been a conditional temporary resi-dent under this title for at least 7 years; (B) has demonstrated good moral character during the entire period the alien has been a conditional temporary resident under this title; (C) is in compliance with section 3003(a)(1); and (D) has not abandoned the alien’s residence in the United States. (2) P
RESUMPTIONS .—For purposes of para-graph (1)— (A) the Secretary shall presume that an alien has abandoned the alien’s residence in the United States if the alien is absent from the United States for more than 365 days, in the aggregate, during the period of condi-tional temporary resident status under this title, unless the alien demonstrates that the alien has not abandoned the alien’s resi-dence; and (B) an alien who is absent from the United States due to active service in the Armed Forces of the United States has not aban-doned the alien’s residence in the United States during the period of such service. (e) C
ITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), an alien granted conditional temporary resident status under this title may not be adjusted to permanent resident status unless the alien demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Secretary that the alien satisfies the requirements under section 312(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)(1)). (2) EXCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to an alien whom the Secretary deter-mines is unable because of a physical or de-velopmental disability or mental impair-ment to meet the requirements of such para-graph. The Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the Surgeon General, shall establish pro-cedures for making determinations under this subsection. (f) P
AYMENT OF FEDERAL TAXES .—Not later than the date on which an application for ad-justment of status is filed under subsection (a), the alien shall satisfy any applicable Federal tax liability due and owing on such date, as determined and verified by the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue, notwith-standing section 6103 of title 26, United States Code, or any other provision of law. (g) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO-
GRAPHIC DATA.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not adjust the status of an alien under this sec-tion unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary. (2) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an alternative procedure for an applicant who is unable to provide the biometric or biographic data referred to in paragraph (1) due to a physical disability or impairment. (h) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall utilize biomet-ric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— (A) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for adjustment of status under this sec-tion; and (B) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for such adjustment of status. (2) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks required under paragraph (1) shall be completed with respect to an alien, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary makes a de-cision on the application for adjustment of status of the alien. (i) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law may be construed to apply a nu-merical limitation on the number of aliens who may be eligible for adjustment of status under this section. (j) T
REATMENT OF ALIENS MEETING RE-
QUIREMENTS FOR EXTENSION OF CONDITIONAL  T
EMPORARY RESIDENT STATUS .—If an alien has satisfied all of the requirements under section 3003(a)(1) as of the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary may cancel the re-moval of the alien and permit the alien to apply for conditional temporary resident sta-tus under this title. After the initial period of conditional temporary resident status de-scribed in section 3004(a), the Secretary shall extend such alien’s conditional temporary resident status and permit the alien to apply for adjustment of status in accordance with subsection (a) if the alien has met the re-quirements under section 3004(e) during the entire period of conditional temporary resi-dent status under this title. 
SEC. 3006. BENEFITS FOR RELATIVES OF ALIENS GRANTED CONDITIONAL TEM-PORARY RESIDENT STATUS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a natural parent, prior adoptive parent, spouse, parent, child, or any other family member of an alien provided conditional temporary resident status or lawful perma-nent resident status under this title shall not thereafter be accorded, by virtue of par-entage or familial relationship, any right, privilege, or status under the immigration laws. SEC. 3007. EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION. 
(a) S ECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECURITY .— Except as provided in subsection (b), the Sec-retary shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine eligibility for relief under this title. If a final order of deportation, exclu-sion, or removal is entered, the Secretary shall resume all powers and duties delegated to the Secretary under this title. If a final order is entered before relief is granted under this title, the Attorney General shall termi-nate such order only after the alien has been granted conditional temporary resident sta-tus under this title. (b) A
TTORNEY GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall have exclusive jurisdiction to determine eligibility for relief under this title for any alien who has been placed into deportation, exclusion, or removal pro-ceedings, whether such placement occurred before or after the alien filed an application for cancellation of removal and conditional temporary resident status or adjustment of status under this title. Such exclusive juris-diction shall continue until such proceedings are terminated. 
SEC. 3008. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION. 
(a) C ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to pro-tect the confidentiality of information pro-vided by an alien under this title. (b) P
ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (c), an officer or employee of the United States may not— (1) use the information provided by an indi-vidual pursuant to an application filed under this title as the sole basis to initiate re-moval proceedings under section 240 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a) against the parent or spouse of the in-dividual; (2) make any publication whereby the in-formation provided by any particular indi-vidual pursuant to an application under this title can be identified; or (3) permit anyone other than an officer or employee of the United States Government to examine such application filed under this title. (c) R
EQUIRED DISCLOSURE .—The Attorney General or the Secretary shall disclose the information provided by an individual under this title and any other information derived from such information to— (1) a Federal, State, Tribal, or local gov-ernment agency, court, or grand jury in con-nection with an administrative, civil, or criminal investigation or prosecution; (2) a background check conducted pursuant to the Brady Handgun Violence Protection Act (Public Law 103–159; 107 Stat. 1536) or an amendment made by that Act; (3) for homeland security or national secu-rity purposes; (4) an official coroner for purposes of af-firmatively identifying a deceased individual (whether or not such individual is deceased as a result of a crime); or (5) the Bureau of the Census in the same manner and circumstances as the informa-tion may be disclosed under section 8 of title 13, United States Code. (d) F
RAUD IN APPLICATION PROCESS OR  C
RIMINAL CONDUCT .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prevent the disclosure and use of information provided by an alien under this title to determine whether an alien seeking relief under this title has en-gaged in fraud in an application for such re-lief or at any time committed a crime from 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00107 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1036 February 14, 2018 
being used or released for immigration en-forcement, law enforcement, or national se-curity purposes. (e) S
UBSEQUENT APPLICATIONS FOR IMMIGRA -
TION BENEFITS .—The Secretary may use the information provided by an individual pursu-ant to an application filed under this title to adjudicate an application, petition, or other request for an immigration benefit made by the individual on a date after the date on which the individual filed the application under this title. (f) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this section shall be fined not more than $10,000. 
SEC. 3009. RESTRICTION ON WELFARE BENEFITS FOR CONDITIONAL TEMPORARY RESIDENTS. 
An individual who has met the require-ments under section 3005 for adjustment from conditional temporary resident status to lawful permanent resident status shall be considered, as of the date of such adjust-ment, to have completed the 5-year eligi-bility waiting period under section 403 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Oppor-tunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613). 
SEC. 3010. GAO REPORT. 
Not later than 7 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall submit a re-port to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives that sets forth— (1) the number of aliens who were eligible for cancellation of removal and grant of con-ditional temporary resident status under section 3003(a); (2) the number of aliens who applied for cancellation of removal and grant of condi-tional temporary resident status under sec-tion 3003(a); (3) the number of aliens who were granted conditional temporary resident status under section 3003(a); and (4) the number of aliens whose status was adjusted to that of an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence pursuant to sec-tion 3005. 
SEC. 3011. MILITARY ENLISTMENT. 
Section 504(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) An alien who is a conditional tem-porary resident (as defined in section 3002 of the SUCCEED Act).’’. 
SEC. 3012. ELIGIBILITY FOR NATURALIZATION. 
Notwithstanding sections 319(b), 328, and 329 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1430(b), 1439, and 1440), an alien whose status is adjusted under section 3005 to that of an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence may apply for naturaliza-tion under chapter 2 of title III of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 310 et seq.) not earlier than 7 years after such ad-justment of status. 
SEC. 3013. FUNDING. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY  I
MMIGRATION REFORM IMPLEMENTATION AC-
COUNT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—There is established in the Treasury a separate account, which shall be known as the ‘‘Department of Homeland Se-curity Immigration Reform Implementation Account’’ (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Implementation Account’’). (2) A
UTHORIZATION AND APPROPRIATIONS .— There are appropriated to the Implementa-tion Account, out of any funds in the Treas-ury not otherwise appropriated, $400,000,000, which shall remain available until Sep-tember 30, 2022. (3) U
SE OF APPROPRIATIONS .—The Secretary is authorized to use funds appropriated to the Implementation Account to pay for one- time and startup costs necessary to imple-ment this title, including, but not limited to— (A) personnel required to process applica-tions and petitions; (B) equipment, information technology systems, infrastructure, and human re-sources; (C) outreach to the public, including devel-opment and promulgation of any regula-tions, rules, or other public notice; and (D) anti-fraud programs and actions re-lated to implementation of this title. (4) REPORTING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a plan to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives for spending the funds appro-priated under paragraph (2) that describes how such funds will be obligated in each fis-cal year, by program. (b) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCESSING  F
EES.— (1) R
EPAYMENT OF STARTUP COSTS .—Not- withstanding section 286(m) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), 75 percent of fees collected under this title shall be deposited monthly in the general fund of the Treasury until the funding pro-vided by subsection (a)(2) has been repaid. (2) D
EPOSIT IN THE IMMIGRATION EXAMINA -
TIONS FEE ACCOUNT .—Fees collected under this title in excess of the amount referenced in paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the Im-migration Examinations Fee Account, pursu-ant to section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)), and shall remain available until expended pursuant to section 286(n) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(n)). TITLE IV—ENSURING FAMILY REUNIFICATION 
SEC. 4001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Ensuring Family Reunification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 4002. FAMILY-SPONSORED IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES. 
(a) R EDEFINITION OF IMMEDIATE RELATIVE .— The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 101(b)(1), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under twenty-one years of age who’’ and inserting ‘‘who is younger than 18 years of age and’’; and (2) in section 201 (8 U.S.C. 1151)— (A) in subsection (b)(2)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘children, spouses, and parents of a citizen of the United States, except that, in the case of parents, such citizens shall be at least 21 years of age.’’ and inserting ‘‘children and spouse of a citizen of the United States.’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘such an im-mediate relative’’ and inserting ‘‘the imme-diate relative spouse of a United States cit-izen’’; (B) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL OF FAMILY -SPON-
SORED IMMIGRANTS .—(1) The worldwide level of family-sponsored immigrants under this subsection for a fiscal year is equal to 39 per-cent of 226,000 minus the number computed under paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) The number computed under this para-graph for a fiscal year is the number of aliens who were paroled into the United States under section 212(d)(5) in the second preceding fiscal year who— ‘‘(A) did not depart from the United States (without advance parole) within 1 year; and ‘‘(B)(i) did not acquire the status of an alien lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence during the 2 pre-ceding fiscal years; or ‘‘(ii) acquired such status during such pe-riod under a provision of law (other than subsection (b)) that exempts adjustment to such status from the numerical limitation on the worldwide level of immigration under this section.’’; and (C) in subsection (f)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (3); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3); and (iv) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) and (2)’’. (b) FAMILY -BASED VISA PREFERENCES .— Section 203(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) S
POUSES AND MINOR CHILDREN OF PER-
MANENT RESIDENT ALIENS .—Family-spon-sored immigrants described in this sub-section are qualified immigrants who are the spouse or a child of an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF V NONIMMIGRANT .—Sec- tion 101(a)(15)(V) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (2) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION TO ANY SINGLE  
FOREIGN STATE .—Section 202 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(4)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) 75 
PERCENT OF FAMILY -SPONSORED IM -
MIGRANTS NOT SUBJECT TO PER COUNTRY LIMI -
TATION .—Of the visa numbers made available under section 203(a) in any fiscal year, 75 per-cent shall be issued without regard to the numerical limitation under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF REMAINING 25 PERCENT  
FOR COUNTRIES SUBJECT TO SUBSECTION (e).— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Of the visa numbers made available under section 203(a) in any fiscal year, 25 percent shall be available, in the case of a foreign state or dependent area that is subject to subsection (e) only to the extent that the total number of visas issued in accordance with subparagraph (A) to na-tives of the foreign state or dependent area is less than the subsection (e) ceiling. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSECTION (e) CEILING DEFINED .—In clause (i), the term ‘subsection (e) ceiling’ means, for a foreign state or dependent area, 77 percent of the maximum number of visas that may be made available under section 203(a) to immigrants who are natives of the state or area, consistent with subsection (e).’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by striking paragraph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (iv) in the undesignated matter after para-graph (2), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘, re-spectively,’’ and all that follows and insert-ing a period. (3) R
ULES FOR DETERMINING WHETHER CER -
TAIN ALIENS ARE CHILDREN .—Section 203(h) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’. (4) P
ROCEDURE FOR GRANTING IMMIGRANT  
STATUS .—Section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00108 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1037 February 14, 2018 
(A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to classification by reason of a relationship de-scribed in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 203(a) or’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘203(a)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘a petitioner’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(a)(1)(B)(iii).’’ and inserting ‘‘an individual younger than 18 years of age for purposes of adjudicating such petition and for purposes of admission as an immediate relative under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) or a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a), as appro-priate, notwithstanding the actual age of the individual.’’; (B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘, 203(a)(1), or 203(a)(3), as appropriate’’; and (C) by striking subsection (k). (5) W
AIVERS OF INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(6)(E)(ii), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(11), by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (4) thereof)’’. (6) E
MPLOYMENT OF V NONIMMIGRANTS .— Section 214(q)(1)(B)(i) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (7) D
EFINITION OF ALIEN SPOUSE .—Section 216(h)(1)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1186a(h)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (8) C
LASSES OF DEPORTABLE ALIENS .—Sec- tion 237(a)(1)(E)(ii) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (d) C
REATION OF NONIMMIGRANT CLASSIFICA -
TION FOR ALIEN PARENTS OF ADULT UNITED  S
TATES CITIZENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (T)(ii)(III), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in subparagraph (U)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (V)(ii)(II), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(W) Subject to section 214(s), an alien who is a parent of a citizen of the United States, if the citizen is at least 21 years of age.’’. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ADMISSION .—Section 214 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s)(1) The initial period of authorized ad-mission for a nonimmigrant described in sec-tion 101(a)(15)(W) shall be 5 years, but may be extended by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity for additional 5-year periods if the United States citizen son or daughter of the nonimmigrant is still residing in the United States. ‘‘(2) A nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W)— ‘‘(A) is not authorized to be employed in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is not eligible for any Federal, State, or local public benefit. ‘‘(3) Regardless of the resources of a non-immigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W), the United States citizen son or daughter who sponsored the nonimmigrant parent shall be responsible for the nonimmigrant’s support while the nonimmigrant resides in the United States. ‘‘(4) An alien is ineligible to receive a visa or to be admitted into the United States as a nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W) unless the alien provides satis-factory proof that the United States citizen son or daughter has arranged for health in-surance coverage for the alien, at no cost to the alien, during the anticipated period of the alien’s residence in the United States.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) N
EW PETITIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Director of U. S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall only accept new family-based petitions for spouses and minor children of United States citizens and lawful permanent residents under— (i) section 201(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(1)(A)); or (ii) subsection (a) or (b) of section 203 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153). (B) L
IMITATION .—The Director of U. S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services may not accept any new family-based petition other than a petition described in subparagraph (A). (3) G
RANDFATHERED PETITIONS AND VISAS .— Notwithstanding the termination by this title of the family-sponsored immigrant visa categories under section 203(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) (as of the date before the date of enactment of this Act), the amendments made by this section shall not apply, and visas shall re-main available to, any alien who has— (A) an approved family-based petition that has not been terminated or revoked, or (B) a properly-filed family-based petition that is— (i) pending with U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services; and (ii) based on subsection (a) of section 203 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act). (4) A
VAILABILITY OF VISAS FOR GRAND -
FATHERED PETITIONS .—The Secretary shall continue to allocate a sufficient number of visas in family-sponsored immigrant visa categories until the date on which a visa has been made available, in conformance with the numeric and per country limitations in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, to each beneficiary of an approved or pending petition described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (3), if the beneficiary— (A) indicates an intent to pursue the immi-grant visa not later than 1 year after the date on which the Secretary of State notifies the beneficiary of the availability of the visa; and (B) is otherwise qualified to receive a visa under this Act. (f) T
ERMINATION OF REGISTRATION .—Section 203(g) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(g)) is amended— (1) by striking the second sentence; (2) by striking the subsection designation and heading and all that follows through ‘‘For purposes’’ in the first sentence and in-serting the following: ‘‘(g) L
ISTS.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) T
ERMINATION OF REGISTRATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary of State shall terminate the registration of any alien who fails to apply for an immigrant visa within the 1-year period beginning on the date on which the Secretary of State notifies the alien of the availability of the immi-grant visa. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The Secretary of State shall not terminate the registration of an alien under subparagraph (A) if the alien demonstrates that the failure of the alien to apply for an immigrant visa during the pe-riod described in that subparagraph was due to an extenuating circumstance beyond the control of the alien.’’. SEC. 4003. ELIMINATION OF DIVERSITY VISA PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); (2) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), respectively; (3) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (4) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); (5) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (6) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsections (a), (b), and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’; and (7) in subsection (g), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘(d)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(c)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 101(a)(15)(V) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (2) in section 201 (8 U.S.C. 1151)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e); (3) in section 203(b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV) (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV)), by striking ‘‘section 203(b)(2)(B)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; (4) in section 204 (8 U.S.C. 1154)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (I); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (J) through (L) as subparagraphs (I) through (K), respectively; (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of section 203’’; and (C) in subsection (l)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203 (a) or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (c) of section 203’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (5) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)(1)(B)(i)), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (6) in section 216(h)(1) (8 U.S.C. 1186a(h)(1)), in the undesignated matter following sub-paragraph (C), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; and (7) in section 245(i)(1)(B) (8 U.S.C. 1255(i)(1)(B)), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) R
EALLOCATION OF VISAS; G RAND -
FATHERED PETITIONS .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00109 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1038 February 14, 2018 
(1) G RANDFATHERED PETITIONS AND VISAS .— Notwithstanding the elimination under this section of the diversity visa program de-scribed in sections 201(e) and 203(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(e); 1153(c)) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act), the amendments made by this section shall not apply, and visas shall remain available, to any alien whom the Secretary of State has selected to participate in the diversity visa lottery for fiscal year 2018. (2) R
EALLOCATION OF VISAS .— (A) R
EALLOCATION .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending on the date on which the number of visas allocated for aliens who qualify for visas under the Nicaraguan Ad-justment and Central American Relief Act (Public Law 105–100; 8 U.S.C. 1153 note) is ex-hausted, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall make available the annual allocation of diversity visas as follows: (I) 25,000 visas shall be made available to aliens who have an approved family-based petition based on section 203(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) that has not been terminated or revoked as of the date of enactment of this Act. (II) 25,000 visas shall be made available to qualified aliens who have an approved em-ployment-based petition based on paragraphs (1), (2), or (3) of section 203(b) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) that has not been terminated or revoked as of the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) NACARA 
VISAS .—On the exhaustion of 5,000 visas made available under the Nica-raguan Adjustment and Central American Relief Act (Public Law 105–100; 8 U.S.C. 1153 note), the remainder of the visas made avail-able under that Act shall be equally divided and added to the visas provided under sub-clauses (I) and (II) of clause (i). (B) N
OTIFICATION .— (i) F
EDERAL REGISTER .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall publish a notice in the Federal Register to notify affected aliens with respect to— (I) the availability of visas under subpara-graph (A); (II) the manner in which the visas shall be allocated. (ii) V
ISA BULLETIN .—The Secretary of State shall publish a notice in the monthly visa bulletin of the Department of State with re-spect to— (I) the availability of visas under subpara-graph (A); (II) the manner in which the visas shall be allocated. TITLE V—OTHER MATTERS 
SEC. 5001. OTHER IMMIGRATION AND NATION-ALITY ACT AMENDMENTS. 
(a) N OTICE OF ADDRESS CHANGE .—Section 265(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1305(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) Each alien required to be registered under this Act who is physically present in the United States shall notify the Secretary of Homeland Security of each change of ad-dress and new address not later than 10 days after the date of such change and shall fur-nish such notice in the manner prescribed by the Secretary.’’. (b) P
HOTOGRAPHS FOR NATURALIZATION CER-
TIFICATES .—Section 333 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1444) is amend-ed— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (7) as subparagraphs (A) through (G); (B) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(b)’’; and (C) by striking the undesignated matter at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Of the photographs furnished pursuant to paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) 1 shall be affixed to each certificate issued by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(B) 1 shall be affixed to the copy of such certificate retained by the Department.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) The Secretary may modify the tech-nical requirements under this section in the Secretary’s discretion and as the Secretary may consider necessary to provide for photo-graphs to be furnished and used in a manner that is efficient, secure, and consistent with the latest developments in technology.’’. SEC. 5002. EXEMPTION FROM THE ADMINISTRA-TIVE PROCEDURE ACT. 
Except for regulations promulgated pursu-ant to this Act, section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Free-dom of Information Act’’ (5 U.S.C. 522)), and section 552a of such title (commonly known as the ‘‘Privacy Act’’ (5 U.S.C. 552a)), chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedures Act’’), and any other law relating to rule-making, information collection, or publica-tion in the Federal Register, shall not apply to any action to implement this Act or the amendments made by this Act, to the extent the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of State, or the Attorney General determines that compliance with any such law would impede the expeditious implemen-tation of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
SEC. 5003. EXEMPTION FROM THE PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to any action to implement this Act or the amend-ments made by this Act to the extent the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Sec-retary of State, or the Attorney General de-termines that compliance with such law would impede the expeditious implementa-tion of this Act or the amendments made by this Act. (2) S
UNSET .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The exemption provided under this section shall sunset not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Subparagraph (A) does not impose any requirement on, or affect the validity of, any rule issued or other action taken by the Secretary under the exemption described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 5004. EXEMPTION FROM GOVERNMENT CON-TRACTING AND HIRING RULES. 
(1) C OMPETITION REQUIREMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of imple-menting this Act, the competition require-ments of section 253(a) of title 41, United States Code, shall not apply. (B) A
GENCY DETERMINATION .—The deter-mination of an agency under section 253(c) of title 41, United States Code, shall not be sub-ject to challenge by protest to— (i) the Government Accountability Office, under sections 3551 through 3556 of title 31, United States Code; or (ii) the Court of Federal Claims, under sec-tion 1491 of title 28, United States Code. (C) N
OTICE TO CONGRESS .—An agency shall immediately advise the Congress of the exer-cise of the authority granted under this paragraph. (2) C
ONTRACTING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary, in ad-vance of the receipt of any fees imposed on any beneficiary or petitioner for benefits under this Act, may enter into 1 or more contracts for the purpose of implementing the programs under this Act. (B) L
IMITATION .—With respect to a con-tract under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall not enter into an obligation that ex-ceeds the amount necessary to defray the cost of the programs under this Act. (3) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall— (A) immediately advise Congress of the ex-ercise of authority granted in paragraph (2); and (B) shall report quarterly on the estimated obligations incurred pursuant to that para-graph. (4) A
PPOINTMENTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall have authority to make term, temporary limited, and part-time appointments without regard to— (i) the number of such employees; (ii) the ratio of such employees to perma-nent full-time employees; or (iii) the duration of employment of such employees. (B) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Chapter 71 of title 5, United States Code, shall not affect the authority of any management official of the Department to hire term, temporary lim-ited, or part-time employees under this para-graph. 
SEC. 5005. ABILITY TO FILL AND RETAIN DEPART-MENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY PO-SITIONS IN UNITED STATES TERRI-TORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 530C of title 28, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or the Department of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Department of Justice’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or to the Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (K)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘or within United States territories or commonwealths’’ after ‘‘out-side United States’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’; (II) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or the Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Attor-ney General’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for the Drug Enforcement Administration, and for the Immigration and Naturalization Service’’ and inserting ‘‘and for the Drug En-forcement Administration’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), in the matter pre-ceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘the Immigra-tion and Naturalization Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the Department of Homeland Security’’; (C) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘I
MMIGRA -
TION AND NATURALIZATION SERVICE .—Funds available to the Attorney General’’ and re-placing with ‘‘D
EPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SE -
CURITY .—Funds available to the Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Home-land Security’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the Immigration and Nat-uralization Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or the Department of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Department of Justice’’. 
SEC. 5006. SEVERABILITY. 
If any provision of this Act or any amend-ment made by this Act, or any application of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00110 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1039 February 14, 2018 
such provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be unconstitu-tional, the remainder of the provisions of this Act and the amendments made by this Act and the application of the provision or amendment to any other person or cir-cumstance shall not be affected. 
SEC. 5007. FUNDING. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION .—The Director of the Office of Management and Budget shall de-termine and identify— (1) the appropriation accounts which have unobligated funds that could be rescinded and used to fund the provisions of this Act; and (2) the amount of the rescission that shall be applied to each such account. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget shall submit to Congress and to the Sec-retary of the Treasury a report that de-scribes the accounts and amounts deter-mined and identified for rescission pursuant to subsection (a). (c) E
XCEPTIONS .—This section shall not apply to unobligated funds of— (1) the Department of Homeland Security; (2) the Department of Defense; or (3) the Department of Veterans Affairs. TITLE VI—TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS 
SEC. 6001. REFERENCES TO THE IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this title an amendment or re-peal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). 
SEC. 6002. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO TITLE I OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NATION-ALITY ACT. 
(a) S ECTION 101.— (1) D
EPARTMENT .—Section 101(a)(8) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(8)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(8) The term ‘Department’ means the De-partment of Homeland Security.’’. (2) I
MMIGRANT .—Section 101(a)(15) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (F)(i)— (i) by striking the term ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘214(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘214(m)’’; (B) in subparagraph (H)(i)— (i) in subclause (b), by striking ‘‘certifies to the Attorney General that the intending employer has filed with the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘certifies to the Secretary of Homeland Security that the intending em-ployer has filed with the Secretary of Labor’’; and (ii) in subclause (c), by striking ‘‘certifies to the Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘cer-tifies to the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity’’; and (C) in subparagraph (M)(i), by striking the term ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (3) I
MMIGRATION OFFICER .—Section 101(a)(18) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(18)) is amended by striking ‘‘Service or of the United States designated by the Attorney General,’’ and in-serting ‘‘Department or of the United States designated by the Secretary,’’. (4) S
ECRETARY .—Section 101(a)(34) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(34)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(34) The term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, except as pro-vided in section 219(d)(4).’’. (5) S
PECIAL IMMIGRANT .—Section 101(a)(27)(L)(iii) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(L)(iii)) is amended by adding ‘‘; or’’ at the end. (6) MANAGERIAL CAPACITY ; EXECUTIVE CA -
PACITY .—Section 101(a)(44)(C) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(44)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (7) O
RDER OF REMOVAL .—Section 101(a)(47)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(47)(A)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) The term ‘order of removal’ means the order of the immigration judge, or other such administrative officer to whom the At-torney General or the Secretary has dele-gated the responsibility for determining whether an alien is removable, concluding that the alien is removable or ordering re-moval.’’. (8) T
ITLE I AND II DEFINITIONS .—Section 101(b) (8 U.S.C. 1101(b)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)(F)(i), by striking ‘‘At-torney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Immigra-tion and Naturalization Service.’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Department.’’. (b) S
ECTION 103.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 103 (8 U.S.C. 1103) is amended by striking the section heading and subsection (a)(1) and inserting the fol-lowing: 
‘‘SEC. 103. POWERS AND DUTIES. 
‘‘(a)(1) The Secretary shall be charged with the administration and enforcement of this Act and all other laws relating to the immi-gration and naturalization of aliens, except insofar as this Act or such laws relate to the powers, functions, and duties conferred upon the President, the Attorney General, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Agri-culture, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Commissioner of Social Secu-rity, the Secretary of State, the officers of the Department of State, or diplomatic or consular officers. A determination and ruling by the Attorney General with respect to all questions of law shall be controlling.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING CORREC -
TIONS .—Section 103 (8 U.S.C. 1103), as amend-ed by paragraph (1), is further amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘He’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘He’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘his authority’’ and in-serting ‘‘the authority of the Secretary’’; (iii) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘He’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘Service or the Depart-ment of Justice’’ and insert the ‘‘Depart-ment’’; (iv) in paragraph (5)— (I) by striking ‘‘He’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by striking ‘‘his discretion,’’ and in-serting ‘‘the discretion of the Secretary,’’ and (III) by striking ‘‘him’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; (v) in paragraph (6)— (I) by striking ‘‘He’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by striking ‘‘Department’’ and insert-ing ‘‘agency, department,’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘Service.’’ and inserting ‘‘Department or upon consular officers with respect to the granting or refusal of visas’’; (vi) in paragraph (7)— (I) by striking ‘‘He’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by striking ‘‘countries;’’ and inserting ‘‘countries’’; (III) by striking ‘‘he’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (IV) by striking ‘‘his judgment’’ and insert-ing ‘‘the judgment of the Secretary’’; (vii) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (viii) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (ix) in paragraph (11), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary,’’; (B) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) SECRETARY ; APPOINTMENT .—The Sec- retary shall be a citizen of the United States and shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-ate. The Secretary shall be charged with any and all responsibilities and authority in the administration of the Department and of this Act. The Secretary may enter into coop-erative agreements with State and local law enforcement agencies for the purpose of as-sisting in the enforcement of the immigra-tion laws.’’; (C) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Service’’ and inserting ‘‘U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services’’; (D) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Immigration and Natu-ralization Service’’ and inserting ‘‘Depart-ment’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘Service,’’ and inserting ‘‘Department,’’; and (E) in subsection (g)(1), by striking ‘‘Immi-gration Reform, Accountability and Security Enhancement Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘Homeland Security Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296; 116 Stat. 2135)’’. (3) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section is amended by striking the item relating to section 103 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 103. Powers and duties.’’. (c) S
ECTION 105.—Section 105(a) is amended (8 U.S.C. 1105(a)) by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
SEC. 6003. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO TITLE II OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NATION-ALITY ACT. 
(a) S ECTION 202.—Section 202(a)(1)(B) (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(1)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ after ‘‘the authority of’’. (b) S
ECTION 203.—Section 203 (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)— (A) in subclause (II)— (i) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; and (ii) by moving such subclause 4 ems to the left; and (B) by moving subclauses (III) and (IV) 4 ems to the left; and (2) in subsection (f) (as redesignated by sec-tion 4003(a)(2))— (A) by striking ‘‘Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of State’s’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘of State’’ after ‘‘but the Secretary’’. (c) S
ECTION 204.—Section 204 (8 U.S.C. 1154) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(G)(ii), by inserting ‘‘of State’’ after ‘‘by the Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (c), by inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’ each place that term appears; and (3) in subsection (e), by inserting ‘‘to’’ after ‘‘admitted’’. (d) S
ECTION 208.—Section 208 (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ in subparagraph (A); (B) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ in subparagraph (D); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00111 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1040 February 14, 2018 
(2) in subsection (b)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’; (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’. (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘the At-torney General’’ and inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary’’; (B) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘Attorney Gen-eral’’ each place that term appears; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’, (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’s’’; and (D) in paragraphs (4) through (6), by insert-ing ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; and (e) S
ECTION 209.—Section 209(a)(1)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1159(a)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security or the At-torney General’’ each place that term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (f) S
ECTION 212.—Section 212 (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), in subparagraphs (C), (H)(ii), and (I), by inserting ‘‘, the Sec-retary,’’ before ‘‘or the Attorney General’’ each place that term appears; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II), by inserting ‘‘, the Secretary,’’ before ‘‘or the Attorney General’’ each place that term appears; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’ each place that term appears; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney Gen-eral’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, the Secretary,’’ before ‘‘or the Attorney Gen-eral’’ each place that term appears; (D) in paragraph (5)(C), by striking ‘‘or, in the case of an adjustment of status, the At-torney General, a certificate from the Com-mission on Graduates of Foreign Nursing Schools, or a certificate from an equivalent independent credentialing organization ap-proved by the Attorney General’’ and insert-ing ‘‘or, in the case of an adjustment of sta-tus, the Secretary or the Attorney General, a certificate from the Commission on Grad-uates of Foreign Nursing Schools, or a cer-tificate from an equivalent independent credentialing organization approved by the Secretary’’; (E) in paragraph (9)— (i) in subparagraph (B)(v)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term ap-pears; and (II) by striking ‘‘has sole discretion’’ and inserting ‘‘have discretion’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C)(iii), by inserting ‘‘or the Attorney General’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (F) in paragraph (10)(C), in clauses (ii)(III) and (iii)(II), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of State’s’’; (2) in subsection (d), in paragraphs (11) and (12), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term ap-pears; (3) in subsection (e), by striking the first proviso and inserting the following: ‘‘Pro-vided, That upon the favorable recommenda-tion of the Director, pursuant to the request of an interested United States Government agency (or, in the case of an alien described in clause (iii), pursuant to the request of a State Department of Public Health, or its equivalent), or of the Secretary after the Secretary has determined that departure from the United States would impose excep-tional hardship upon the alien’s spouse or child (if such spouse or child is a citizen of the United States or a lawfully resident alien), or that the alien cannot return to the country of his or her nationality or last resi-dence because the alien would be subject to persecution on account of race, religion, or political opinion, the Secretary may waive the requirement of such two-year foreign residence abroad in the case of any alien whose admission to the United States is found by the Secretary to be in the public in-terest except that in the case of a waiver re-quested by a State Department of Public Health, or its equivalent, or in the case of a waiver requested by an interested United States Government agency on behalf of an alien described in clause (iii), the waiver shall be subject to the requirements under section 214(l):’’; (4) in subsections (g), (h), (i), and (k), by in-serting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears; (5) in subsection (m)(2)(E)(iv), by inserting ‘‘of Labor’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’ the second and third place that term appears; (6) in subsection (n), by inserting ‘‘of Labor’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’ each place that term appears, except that this amendment shall not apply to references to the ‘‘Sec-retary of Labor’’; and (7) in subsection (s), by inserting ‘‘, the Secretary,’’ before ‘‘or the Attorney Gen-eral’’. (g) S
ECTION 213A.—Section 213A (8 U.S.C. 1183a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), in the matter pre-ceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the Sec-retary,’’ after ‘‘the Attorney General’’; and (2) in subsection (f)(6)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary of State,’’. (h) S
ECTION 214.—Section 214(c)(9)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1184(c)(9)(A) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘before’’. (i) S
ECTION 217.—Section 217 (8 U.S.C. 1187) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)(3)(A), by inserting a comma after ‘‘Regulations’’; (2) in subsection (f)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘sec-tion (c)(2)(C),’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)(2)(C),’’; and (3) in subsection (h)(3)(A), by striking ‘‘the alien’’ and inserting ‘‘an alien’’. (j) S
ECTION 218.—Section 218 (8 U.S.C. 1188) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘of Labor’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary’’ each place that term appears, except that this amendment shall not apply to ref-erences to the ‘‘Secretary of Labor’’ or to the ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3)(B)(iii), by striking ‘‘Secretary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Labor’s’’; and (3) in subsection (g)(4), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Agri-culture’s’’. (k) S
ECTION 219.—Section 219 (8 U.S.C. 1189) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (A) by inserting a close parenthesis after ‘‘section 212(a)(3)(B)’’; and (B) by striking the close parenthesis before the semicolon; (2) in subsection (c)(3)(D), by striking ‘‘(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘(2);’’; and (3) in subsection (d)(4), by striking ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of the Treasury,’’. (l) SECTION 222.—Section 222 (8 U.S.C. 1202)— (1) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Secretary of State’’ each place that term appears; and (2) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, the Department,’’ after ‘‘De-partment of State’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Sec-retary’s’’ and inserting ‘‘their’’. (m) S
ECTION 231.—Section 231 (8 U.S.C. 1221) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(10), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary,’’; (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (3) in subsection (g)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each places that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (4) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (n) S
ECTION 236.—Section 236(e) (8 U.S.C. 1226(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘review.’’ and inserting ‘‘re-view, other than administrative review by the Attorney General pursuant to the au-thority granted under section 103(g).’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General under’’. (o) S
ECTION 236A.—Section 236A(a)(4) (8 U.S.C. 1226a(a)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘Deputy Attorney General’’ both places that term appears and inserting ‘‘Deputy Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’. (p) S
ECTION 237.—Section 237(a) (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘following the initiation by the Secretary of removal proceedings’’ after ‘‘upon the order of the Attorney General’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(E), in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘, 
CRIMES AGAINST CHIL -
DREN AND ’’ and inserting ‘‘; CRIMES AGAINST  
CHILDREN ’’. (q) S
ECTION 238.—Section 238 (8 U.S.C. 1228) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) in paragraphs (3) and (4)(A), by insert-ing ‘‘and the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears; and (2) in subsection (e) (as redesignated by section 1703(a)(4))— (A) by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (C) in subparagraph (D)(iv), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘United States Attorney’’. (r) S
ECTION 239.—Section 239(a)(1) (8 U.S.C. 1229(a)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears. (s) S
ECTION 240.—Section 240 (8 U.S.C. 1229a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, with the concurrence of the Secretary with re-spect to employees of the Department’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)(A), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney Gen-eral’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00112 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1041 February 14, 2018 
(2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘, the Secretary of State, or the Secretary’’ before ‘‘to be confidential’’; and (B) in paragraph (7)(C)(iv)(I), by striking ‘‘240A(b)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 240A(b)(2)’’. (t) S
ECTION 240A.—Section 240A(b) (8 U.S.C. 1229b(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Attorney General shall’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary shall’’; and (2) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (u) S
ECTION 240B.—Section 240B(a) (8 U.S.C. 1229c(a)) is amended in paragraphs (1) and (3), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘At-torney General’’ each place that term ap-pears. (v) S
ECTION 241.—Section 241 (8 U.S.C. 1231) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4)(B)(i), by inserting a close parenthesis after ‘‘(L)’’; (2) in subsection (g)(2)— (A) by striking the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘D
ETENTION FACILITIES OF THE DE -
PARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY .—’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Service, the Commis-sioner’’ and inserting ‘‘Department, the Sec-retary’’. (w) S
ECTION 242.—Section 242(g) (8 U.S.C. 1252(g)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’. (x) S
ECTION 243.—Section 243 (8 U.S.C. 1253) (as amended by section 1720) is amended in subsection (b)(1)— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’. (y) S
ECTION 244.—Section 244 (8 U.S.C. 1254a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place the term appears; and (2) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’. (z) S
ECTION 245.—Section 245 (8 U.S.C. 1255) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term ap-pears except in subsections (j) (other than the first reference), (l), and (m); (2) in subsection (k)(1), adding an ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting a comma after ‘‘appropriate’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’s’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary’s’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘(10(E))’’ and inserting ‘‘(10)(E))’’. (aa) S
ECTION 245A.—Section 245A (8 U.S.C. 1255a) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(7), by striking subpara-graph (C); and (2) in subsection (h)— (A) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘The The’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘(Public Law 96–122),’’ and inserting ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1522 note),’’. (bb) S
ECTION 251.—Section 251(d) (8 U.S.C. 1281(d)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’. (cc) S
ECTION 254.—Section 254(a) (8 U.S.C. 1284(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ each place that term appears and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’. (dd) SECTION 255.—Section 255 (8 U.S.C. 1285) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (ee) S
ECTION 256.—Section 256 (8 U.S.C. 1286) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; (2) in the first and second sentences, by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (ff) S
ECTION 258.—Section 258 (8 U.S.C. 1288) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘of Labor’’ after ‘‘Sec-retary’’ each place that term appears (except for in subsection (e)(2)), except that this amendment shall not apply to references to the ‘‘Secretary of Labor’’, ‘‘the Secretary of State’’; (2) in subsection (d)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘at’’ after ‘‘while’’; and (3) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting ‘‘the Sec-retary of State shall’’. (gg) S
ECTION 264.—Section 264(f) (8 U.S.C. 1304(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘Attorney General is’’ and inserting ‘‘Attorney General and the Secretary are’’. (hh) S
ECTION 272.—Section 272 (8 U.S.C. 1322) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (ii) S
ECTION 273.—Section 273 (8 U.S.C. 1323) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears (except in sub-section (e), in the matter preceding para-graph (1)) and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (jj) S
ECTION 274.—Section 274(b)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1324(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (kk) S
ECTION 274B.—Section 274B(f)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1324b(f)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’. (ll) S
ECTION 274C.—Section 274C(d)(2)(A) (8 U.S.C. 1324c(d)(2)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary’’ after ‘‘subsection (a), the Attorney General’’. (mm) S
ECTION 274D.—Section 274D(a)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1324d(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. (nn) S
ECTION 286.—Section 286 (8 U.S.C. 1356) is amended— (1) in subsection (q)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury,’’; (2) in subsection (r)(2), by striking ‘‘section 245(i)(3)(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 245(i)(3)(B)’’; and (3) in subsection (s)(5)— (A) by striking ‘‘5 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘U
SE OF FEES FOR DUTIES RELATING TO PETI -
TIONS .—Five percent’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1) (C) or (D) of section 204’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of section 204(a)(1)’’. (oo) S
ECTION 294.—Section 294 (8 U.S.C. 1363a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), in the undesignated matter following paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Commissioner, in consultation with the Deputy Attorney General,’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘Deputy Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’. 
SEC. 6004. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO TITLE III OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NA-TIONALITY ACT. 
(a) S ECTION 316.—Section 316 (8 U.S.C. 1427) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by inserting ‘‘or by the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (2) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘Intel-ligence, the Attorney General and the Com-missioner of Immigration’’ and inserting ‘‘Intelligence and the Secretary’’. (b) SECTION 322.—Section 322(a)(1) (8 U.S.C. 1433(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘is’’ before ‘‘(or,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘is’’ before ‘‘a citizen’’. (c) S
ECTION 342.— (1) S
ECTION HEADING .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 342 (8 U.S.C. 1453) is amended by striking the section heading and inserting ‘‘
CANCELLATION OF CERTIFI -
CATES ; ACTION NOT TO AFFECT CITIZENSHIP STA -
TUS’’. (B) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section is amended by striking the item relating to section 342 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 342. Cancellation of certificates; ac-tion not to affect citizenship status.’’. (2) I
N GENERAL .—Section 342 (8 U.S.C. 1453) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘heretofore issued or made by the Commissioner or a Deputy Commis-sioner or hereafter made by the Attorney General’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘practiced upon, him or the Commissioner or a Deputy Commissioner;’’. 
SEC. 6005. TECHNICAL AMENDMENT TO TITLE IV OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NATION-ALITY ACT. 
Section 412(a)(2)(C)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1522(a)(2)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘in-sure’’ and inserting ‘‘ensure’’. 
SEC. 6006. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS TO TITLE V OF THE IMMIGRATION AND NATION-ALITY ACT. 
(a) S ECTION 504.—Section 504 (8 U.S.C. 1534) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘a’’ before ‘‘removal proceedings’’; (2) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ inserting ‘‘Government’’; and (3) in subsection (k)(2), by striking ‘‘by’’. (b) S
ECTION 505.—Section 505(e)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1535(e)(2)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Secretary’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’. 
SEC. 6007. OTHER AMENDMENTS. 
(a) C ORRECTION OF COMMISSIONER OF IMMI-
GRATION AND NATURALIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) as amend-ed by this Act, is further amended by strik-ing ‘‘Commissioner’’ and ‘‘Commissioner of Immigration and Naturalization’’ each place those terms appear and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’. (2) E
XCEPTION FOR COMMISSIONER OF SOCIAL  
SECURITY .—The amendment made by para-graph (1) shall not apply to any reference to the ‘‘Commissioner of Social Security’’. (b) C
ORRECTION OF BUREAU OF CITIZENSHIP  
AND IMMIGRATION SERVICES .—Section 451(a)(1) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 271(a)(1)) is amended by strik-ing ‘‘a bureau to be known as the ‘Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services’’’ and inserting ‘‘an agency to be known as the ‘United States Citizenship and Immigration Services’, the headquarters of which shall be in the same State as the office of the Sec-retary.’’. (c) C
ORRECTION OF IMMIGRATION AND NATU-
RALIZATION SERVICE .—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Service’’ and ‘‘Immigration and Naturalization Service’’ each place those terms appear and inserting ‘‘Department’’. (d) C
ORRECTION OF DEPARTMENT OF JUS-
TICE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Department of Justice’’ each place 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00113 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1042 February 14, 2018 
that term appears and inserting ‘‘Depart-ment’’. (2) E
XCEPTIONS .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall not apply in— (A) subsections (d)(3)(A) and (r)(5)(A) of section 214 (8 U.S.C. 1184); (B) section 274B(c)(1) (8 U.S.C. 1324b(c)(1)); or (C) title V (8 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (e) C
ORRECTION OF ATTORNEY GENERAL .— The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’, except for in the fol-lowing: (1) Any joint references to the ‘‘Attorney General and the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity’’ or ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity and the Attorney General’’. (2) Section 101(a)(5). (3) Subparagraphs (S), (T), and (V) of sec-tion 101(a)(15). (4) Section 101(a)(47)(A). (5) Section 101(b)(4). (6) Subsections (a)(1) and (g) of section 103. (7) Subsections (b)(1) and (c) of section 105. (8) Section 204(c). (9) Section 208. (10) Subparagraphs (C), (H), and (I) of sec-tion 212(a)(2). (11) Subparagraphs (A), (B)(ii)(II), and (D) of section 212(a)(3). (12) Section 212(a)(9)(C)(iii). (13) Paragraphs (11) and (12) of section 212(d). (14) Subsections (g), (h), (i), (k), and (s) of section 212. (15) Subsections (a)(1) and (f)(6)(B) of sec-tion 213A. (16) Section 216(d)(2)(c). (17) Section 219(d)(4). (18) Section 235(b)(1)(B)(iii)(III). (19) The second sentence of section 236(e). (20) Section 237. (21) Paragraphs (1), (3), and (4)(A) of section 238(a). (22) Paragraphs (1) and (5) of section 238(b). (23) Section 238(c)(2)(D)(iv). (24) Subsections (a) and (b) of section 239. (25) Section 240. (26) Section 240A. (27) Subsections (a)(1), (a)(3), (b), and (c) of section 240B. (28) The first reference in section 241(a)(4)(B)(i). (29) Section 241(b)(3) (except for the first reference in subparagraph (A), to which the amendment shall apply). (30) Section 241(i) (except for paragraph (3)(B)(i), to which the amendment shall apply). (31) Section 242(a)(2)(B). (32) Section 242(b) (except for paragraph (8), to which the amendment shall apply). (33) Section 242(g). (34) Subsections (a)(3)(C), (c)(2), (e), and (g) of section 244. (35) Section 245 (except for subsection (i)(1)(B)(i), subsection (i)(3)) and the first ref-erence to the Attorney General in subsection 245(j)). (36) Section 245A(a)(1)(A). (37) Section 246(a). (38) Section 249. (39) Section 264(f). (40) Section 274(e). (41) Section 274A. (42) Section 274B. (43) Section 274C. (44) Section 292. (45) Subsections (d) and (f)(1) of section 316. (46) Section 342. (47) Section 412(f)(1)(A). (48) Title V (except for subsections 506(a)(1) and 507(b), (c), and (d) (first reference), to which the amendment shall apply). SEC. 6008. REPEALS; RULE OF CONSTRUCTION. 
(a) R EPEALS .— (1) I
MMIGRATION AND NATURALIZATION SERV -
ICE.— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Act of February 14, 1903 (32 Stat. 826, chapter 552; 8 U.S.C. 1551) is repealed. (B) 8 
U.S.C. 1551.—The language of the com-pilers set out in section 1551 of title 8 of the United States Code shall be removed from the compilation of such title 8. (2) C
OMMISSIONER OF IMMIGRATION AND NAT -
URALIZATION ; OFFICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 7 of the Act of March 3, 1891 (26 Stat. 1085, chapter 551; 8 U.S.C. 1552) is repealed. (B) 8 
U.S.C. 1552.—The language of the com-pilers set out in section 1552 of title 8 of the United States Code shall be removed from the compilation of such title 8. (3) A
SSISTANT COMMISSIONERS AND DISTRICT  
DIRECTOR ; COMPENSATION AND SALARY  
GRADE .—Title II of the Department of Jus-tice Appropriation Act, 1957 (70 Stat. 307, chapter 414; 8 U.S.C. 1553) is amended, in the matter under the heading ‘‘Immigration and Naturalization Service’’ and under the sub-heading ‘‘SALARIES AND EXPENSES’’, by striking ‘‘That the compensation of the five assistant commissioners and one district di-rector shall be at the rate of grade GS–16: Provided further’’. (4) S
PECIAL IMMIGRANT INSPECTORS AT  
WASHINGTON .—The Act of March 2, 1895 (28 Stat. 780, chapter 177; 8 U.S.C. 1554) is amend-ed in the matter following the heading ‘‘Bu-reau of Immigration:’’ by striking ‘‘That hereafter special immigrant inspectors, not to exceed three, may be detailed for duty in the Bureau at Washington: And provided fur-ther,’’. (b) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this title may be construed to repeal or limit the applicability of sections 462 and 1512 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279 and 552) with respect to any provision of law or matter not specifically addressed by the amendments made by this title. 
SEC. 6009. MISCELLANEOUS TECHNICAL CORREC-TION. 
Section 7 of the Central Intelligence Agen-cy Act of 1949 (50 U.S.C. 3508) is amended by striking ‘‘Commissioner of Immigration’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity’’. 
SA 1960. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE l—EMPLOYMENT-BASED VISAS Subtitle A—Employment-based Nonimmigrant Visas 
SEC. l11. SECURING A SUPPLY OF HIGHLY SKILLED WORKERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 214(g) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) has earned a master’s or higher degree from a United States institution of higher education (as defined in section 1001(a) of title 20) and whose employer has certified that the employer has filed or will file an Immigrant Petition on behalf of the alien; or’’; and (C) by amending subparagraph (D), as re-designated, to read as follows: ‘‘(D) has earned a master’s or higher degree from a United States institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) and whose employer has not cer-tified that the employer has filed or will file an Immigrant Petition on behalf of the alien, until the number of such aliens who are ex-empted from such numerical limitations dur-ing such year exceeds 20,000.’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘Any alien’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) The initial period of validity of a nonimmigrant visa issued under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) to an alien described in paragraph (5)(C) who is exempted from the numerical limitations under paragraph (1)(A) shall be 12 months. ‘‘(ii) The period of validity of a visa de-scribed in clause (i) may be extended beyond the initial period described in such clause if the employer provides evidence to the Sec-retary that— ‘‘(I) the employer has filed, on the alien’s behalf, a nonfrivolous Application for Per-manent Employment Certification or a non-frivolous Immigrant Petition; and ‘‘(II) such application or petition has not been denied in a final agency action.’’. (b) ANTI-HOARDING .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 214(g)(10) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(10)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘The numer-ical limitations’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Subject to clause (ii), if 5 or more petitions for H–1B classification subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) filed by an employer in a fiscal year are ap-proved, the employer shall pay a penalty for each such approved petition subject to such cap for which the H–1B beneficiary works in the United States for less than 25 percent of the first year of the beneficiary’s approved work authorization period for the employer that initially secured the cap-subject peti-tion approval. ‘‘(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (IV), an employer shall not be subject to the penalties set forth in clause (i) if the em-ployer withdraws the petition for an H–1B visa— ‘‘(aa) as a result of an unexpected change in the need for the alien worker; ‘‘(bb) because the alien worker commences employment in the United States for the em-ployer under another lawful status; or ‘‘(cc) because the alien worker quit or re-signed the worker’s position with the em-ployer. ‘‘(II) An employer withdrawing a petition under subclause (I) shall file with the Sec-retary a description of the circumstances— ‘‘(aa) resulting in the unexpected change in the need for the alien worker; ‘‘(bb) surrounding the alien worker’s com-mencement of employment in the United States for the employer withdrawing the H– 1B approval under another lawful status; or ‘‘(cc) surrounding the alien worker’s deci-sion to quit or resign the worker’s position with the employer. ‘‘(III) Any unused visas associated with pe-titions withdrawn under subclause (I) that were subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) shall be reassigned to an-other H–1B petition filed by another em-ployer either in the fiscal year in which the withdrawal was received or in the following fiscal year. ‘‘(IV) Subclause (I) shall not apply to an employer in a fiscal year if— ‘‘(aa)(AA) at least 20 and not more than 49 petitions filed by the employer in a fiscal 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00114 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.018 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1043 February 14, 2018 
year for H–1B visa classification subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) are approved; and ‘‘(BB) the employer withdraws more than 25 percent of the approved H–1B visa peti-tions subject to the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(A) that were received by the employer in the fiscal year or the em-ployer withdraws more than 10 percent of such petitions because the alien worker re-signed his or her employment with the em-ployer before completing 3 months of em-ployment; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) more than 50 petitions filed by the employer in a fiscal year for H–1B visa classification subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) are approved; and ‘‘(BB) the employer withdraws more than 20 percent of the approved H–1B visa peti-tions subject to the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(A) that were received by the employer in the fiscal year or the em-ployer withdraws more than 5 percent of such petitions because the alien worker re-signed his or her employment with the em-ployer before completing 3 months of em-ployment. ‘‘(iii)(I) The penalty for a violation of clause (i) shall be— ‘‘(aa) $10,000 for each petition described in such clause that was filed during the first fiscal year that a penalty is imposed; and ‘‘(bb) $25,000 for each such petition that was filed after the first fiscal year that a penalty is imposed. ‘‘(II) A penalty under clause (iii)(I) may not be reimbursed or indemnified by an H–1B nonimmigrant. ‘‘(III) An employer subject to a penalty under clause (i) in any 3 fiscal years shall be barred from filing any petitions for H–1B visas subject to the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(A) for the fiscal year im-mediately following the third year of non-compliance. ‘‘(iv) Each employer that has 5 or more ap-proved petitions for H–1B classification sub-ject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) shall submit an annual report to the Secretary of Homeland Security that identi-fies— ‘‘(I) the date on which each such H–1B non-immigrant approved during the most recent fiscal year began working for the employer in the United States; and ‘‘(II) the total period of employment in the first year of available work authorization for each such H–1B nonimmigrant during the most recent fiscal year. ‘‘(v) Penalties assessed under this subpara-graph shall be deposited into the H–1B Non-immigrant Petitioner Account established under section 286(s).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 214(g)(10)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by paragraph (1), shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall identify the number of previously approved visas that— (1) were the subject of withdrawn petitions under section 214(g)(10)(B)(ii) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (b); and (2) are available for reassignment to an-other employer. 
SEC. l12. DEPENDENT H–1B EMPLOYERS; EX-EMPT H–1B NONIMMIGRANTS. 
Section 212(n) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(n)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(E)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘(as defined in paragraph (4))’’; and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) Except as provided in clause (iii), an application described in this clause is an ap-plication filed by— ‘‘(I) an H–1B-dependent employer; or ‘‘(II) an employer that has been found under paragraph (2)(C) or (5) to have com-mitted a willful failure or misrepresentation during the 5-year period preceding the filing of the application. ‘‘(iii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), an application is not described in clause (ii) if the only H–1B nonimmigrants sought in the application are exempt H–1B non-immigrants. ‘‘(II) Subclause (I) shall not apply if the employer has more than 50 employees and more than 50 percent of the employer’s em-ployees are H–1B nonimmigrants.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(B)— (A) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) the term ‘exempt H–1B nonimmigrant’ means an H–1B nonimmigrant who— ‘‘(I) receives wages (including cash bo-nuses) at an annual rate equal to not less than the higher of— ‘‘(aa) 105 percent of the occupational mean wage, as determined based on Bureau of Labor Statistics data for the geographic area of employment; or ‘‘(bb) $100,000 (or the adjusted amount under clause (iii), if applicable); or ‘‘(II) has attained a doctoral degree from an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) in the United States in a specialty related to the intended employment;’’; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the amount under clause (i)(I)(bb) shall be increased, for the third fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this clause and for every third fiscal year thereafter, by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for the month of June preceding the date on which such increase takes effect exceeds the Con-sumer Price Index for the same month of the third preceding calendar year.’’. SEC. l13. STRENGTHENING THE PREVAILING WAGE SYSTEM. 
Section 212(p)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(p)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘With regard to the prevailing wage required to be paid under subsections (a)(5)(A), (n)(1)(A)(i)(II), and (t)(1)(A)(i)(II) (as added by section 402(b)(2) of Public Law 108–77), the first level of wages shall be not less than the mean of the lowest 50 percent of the wages surveyed.’’. Subtitle B—Employment-based Immigrant Visas 
SEC. l21. ELIMINATION OF PER-COUNTRY NU-MERICAL LIMITATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ER COUNTRY LEVELS FOR FAMILY -SPON -
SORED IMMIGRANTS .—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the total number of immigrant visas made available to natives of any single foreign state or dependent area under section 203(a) in any fiscal year may not exceed 15 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas made avail-able under such section in that fiscal year.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 202 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘both sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) SPECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES AT  C
EILING .—If the total number of immigrant visas made available under section 203(a) to natives of any single foreign state or depend-ent area will exceed the numerical limita-tion specified in subsection (a)(2) in any fis-cal year, the number of visas for natives of that state or area shall be allocated under section 203(a) so that, except as provided in subsection (a)(4), the proportion of the visa numbers made available under each of para-graphs (1) through (4) of section 203(a) is equal to the ratio of the total number of visas made available under the respective paragraph to the total number of visas made available under section 203(a).’’. (c) C
OUNTRY -SPECIFIC OFFSET .—Section 2 of the Chinese Student Protection Act of 1992 (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e))’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d))’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d) and redesig-nating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017, and shall apply to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. l22. ADJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR EM-PLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRANTS. 
Section 245 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(n) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR EMPLOY -
MENT BASED IMMIGRANTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ETITION .—Any alien, and any eligible dependent of such alien, who has an approved petition for immigrant status, may file an application with the Secretary of Homeland Security for adjustment of status regardless of whether an immigrant visa is imme-diately available at the time the application is filed. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL FEE .—If a visa is not immediately available at the time an appli-cation is filed under paragraph (1), the bene-ficiary of such application shall pay a sup-plemental fee of $500, which shall be depos-ited into the H–1B Nonimmigrant Petitioner Account established under section 286(s). This fee shall not be collected from any de-pendent accompanying or following to join such beneficiary. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—An application filed under this subsection may not be approved until the date on which an immigrant visa becomes available.’’. 
SA 1961. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. SECURING A SUPPLY OF HIGHLY- SKILLED WORKERS. 
Section 214(g) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); (B) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) has earned a master’s or higher degree from a United States institution of higher education (as defined in section 1001(a) of title 20) and whose employer has certified that the employer has filed or will file an Immigrant Petition on behalf of the alien; or’’; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00115 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.019 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1044 February 14, 2018 
(C) by amending subparagraph (D), as re-designated, to read as follows: ‘‘(D) has earned a master’s or higher degree from a United States institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) and whose employer has not cer-tified that the employer has filed or will file an Immigrant Petition on behalf of the alien, until the number of such aliens who are ex-empted from such numerical limitations dur-ing such year exceeds 20,000.’’; and (2) in paragraph (6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘Any alien’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) The initial period of validity of a nonimmigrant visa issued under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) to an alien described in paragraph (5)(C) who is exempted from the numerical limitations under paragraph (1)(A) shall be 12 months. ‘‘(ii) The period of validity of a visa de-scribed in clause (i) may be extended beyond the initial period described in such clause if the employer provides evidence to the Sec-retary that— ‘‘(I) the employer has filed, on the alien’s behalf, a nonfrivolous Application for Per-manent Employment Certification or a non-frivolous Immigrant Petition; and ‘‘(II) such application or petition has not been denied in a final agency action.’’. 
SA 1962. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EMPLOYMENT-BASED NONIMMIGRANT VISAS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON HOARDING H–1B V ISAS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 214(g)(10) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(10)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ before ‘‘The numer-ical limitations’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B)(i) Subject to clause (ii), if 5 or more petitions for H–1B classification subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) filed by an employer in a fiscal year are ap-proved, the employer shall pay a penalty for each such approved petition subject to such cap for which the H–1B beneficiary works in the United States for less than 25 percent of the first year of the beneficiary’s approved work authorization period for the employer that initially secured the cap-subject peti-tion approval. ‘‘(ii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (IV), an employer shall not be subject to the penalties set forth in clause (i) if the em-ployer withdraws the petition for an H–1B visa— ‘‘(aa) as a result of an unexpected change in the need for the alien worker; ‘‘(bb) because the alien worker commences employment in the United States for the em-ployer under another lawful status; or ‘‘(cc) because the alien worker quit or re-signed the worker’s position with the em-ployer. ‘‘(II) An employer withdrawing a petition under subclause (I) shall file with the Sec-retary a description of the circumstances— ‘‘(aa) resulting in the unexpected change in the need for the alien worker; ‘‘(bb) surrounding the alien worker’s com-mencement of employment in the United States for the employer withdrawing the H– 1B approval under another lawful status; or ‘‘(cc) surrounding the alien worker’s deci-sion to quit or resign the worker’s position with the employer. ‘‘(III) Any unused visas associated with pe-titions withdrawn under subclause (I) that were subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) shall be reassigned to an-other H–1B petition filed by another em-ployer either in the fiscal year in which the withdrawal was received or in the following fiscal year. ‘‘(IV) Subclause (I) shall not apply to an employer in a fiscal year if— ‘‘(aa)(AA) at least 20 and not more than 49 petitions filed by the employer in a fiscal year for H–1B visa classification subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) are approved; and ‘‘(BB) the employer withdraws more than 25 percent of the approved H–1B visa peti-tions subject to the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(A) that were received by the employer in the fiscal year or the em-ployer withdraws more than 10 percent of such petitions because the alien worker re-signed his or her employment with the em-ployer before completing 3 months of em-ployment; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) more than 50 petitions filed by the employer in a fiscal year for H–1B visa classification subject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) are approved; and ‘‘(BB) the employer withdraws more than 20 percent of the approved H–1B visa peti-tions subject to the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(A) that were received by the employer in the fiscal year or the em-ployer withdraws more than 5 percent of such petitions because the alien worker re-signed his or her employment with the em-ployer before completing 3 months of em-ployment. ‘‘(iii)(I) The penalty for a violation of clause (i) shall be— ‘‘(aa) $10,000 for each petition described in such clause that was filed during the first fiscal year that a penalty is imposed; and ‘‘(bb) $25,000 for each such petition that was filed after the first fiscal year that a penalty is imposed. ‘‘(II) A penalty under clause (iii)(I) may not be reimbursed or indemnified by an H–1B nonimmigrant. ‘‘(III) An employer subject to a penalty under clause (i) in any 3 fiscal years shall be barred from filing any petitions for H–1B visas subject to the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(A) for the fiscal year im-mediately following the third year of non-compliance. ‘‘(iv) Each employer that has 5 or more ap-proved petitions for H–1B classification sub-ject to the cap established under paragraph (1)(A) shall submit an annual report to the Secretary of Homeland Security that identi-fies— ‘‘(I) the date on which each such H–1B non-immigrant approved during the most recent fiscal year began working for the employer in the United States; and ‘‘(II) the total period of employment in the first year of available work authorization for each such H–1B nonimmigrant during the most recent fiscal year. ‘‘(v) Penalties assessed under this subpara-graph shall be deposited into the H–1B Non-immigrant Petitioner Account established under section 286(s).’’. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Section 214(g)(10)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by paragraph (1), shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall identify the number of previously approved visas that— (A) were the subject of withdrawn petitions under section 214(g)(10)(B)(ii) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act, as added by subsection (b); and (B) are available for reassignment to an-other employer. (b) DEPENDENT H–1B E MPLOYERS .—Section 212(n) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(n)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(E)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘(as defined in paragraph (4))’’; and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) Except as provided in clause (iii), an application described in this clause is an ap-plication filed by— ‘‘(I) an H–1B-dependent employer; or ‘‘(II) an employer that has been found under paragraph (2)(C) or (5) to have com-mitted a willful failure or misrepresentation during the 5-year period preceding the filing of the application. ‘‘(iii)(I) Except as provided in subclause (II), an application is not described in clause (ii) if the only H–1B nonimmigrants sought in the application are exempt H–1B non-immigrants. ‘‘(II) Subclause (I) shall not apply if the employer has more than 50 employees and more than 50 percent of the employer’s em-ployees are H–1B nonimmigrants.’’; (2) in paragraph (3)(B)— (A) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) the term ‘exempt H–1B nonimmigrant’ means an H–1B nonimmigrant who— ‘‘(I) receives wages (including cash bo-nuses) at an annual rate equal to not less than the higher of— ‘‘(aa) 105 percent of the occupational mean wage, as determined based on Bureau of Labor Statistics data for the geographic area of employment; or ‘‘(bb) $100,000 (or the adjusted amount under clause (iii), if applicable); or ‘‘(II) has attained a doctoral degree from an institution of higher education (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) in the United States in a specialty related to the intended employment;’’; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the amount under clause (i)(I)(bb) shall be increased, for the third fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this clause and for every third fiscal year thereafter, by the percentage (if any) by which the Consumer Price Index for the month of June preceding the date on which such increase takes effect exceeds the Con-sumer Price Index for the same month of the third preceding calendar year.’’. (c) S
TRENGTHENING THE PREVAILING WAGE S
YSTEM .—Section 212(p)(4) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(p)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘With regard to the prevailing wage required to be paid under subsections (a)(5)(A), (n)(1)(A)(i)(II), and (t)(1)(A)(i)(II) (as added by section 402(b)(2) of Public Law 108–77), the first level of wages shall be not less than the mean of the lowest 50 percent of the wages surveyed.’’. 
SA 1963. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00116 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.019 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1045 February 14, 2018 
SEC. ll. PER-COUNTRY NUMERICAL LIMITA-TIONS AND ADJUSTMENT OF STA-TUS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF PER-COUNTRY NUMER -
ICAL LIMITATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ER COUNTRY LEVELS FOR FAMILY -SPON -
SORED IMMIGRANTS .—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the total number of immigrant visas made available to natives of any single foreign state or dependent area under section 203(a) in any fiscal year may not exceed 15 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas made avail-able under such section in that fiscal year.’’. (2) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 202 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘both sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (5); and (B) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES AT  C
EILING .—If the total number of immigrant visas made available under section 203(a) to natives of any single foreign state or depend-ent area will exceed the numerical limita-tion specified in subsection (a)(2) in any fis-cal year, the number of visas for natives of that state or area shall be allocated under section 203(a) so that, except as provided in subsection (a)(4), the proportion of the visa numbers made available under each of para-graphs (1) through (4) of section 203(a) is equal to the ratio of the total number of visas made available under the respective paragraph to the total number of visas made available under section 203(a).’’. (3) C
OUNTRY -SPECIFIC OFFSET .—Section 2 of the Chinese Student Protection Act of 1992 (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sub-section (e))’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d))’’; and (B) by striking subsection (d) and redesig-nating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect as if enacted on October 1, 2017, and shall apply to fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2018. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR EMPLOY -
MENT -BASED IMMIGRANTS .—Section 245 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(n) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR EMPLOY -
MENT BASED IMMIGRANTS .— ‘‘(1) P
ETITION .—Any alien, and any eligible dependent of such alien, who has an approved petition for immigrant status, may file an application with the Secretary of Homeland Security for adjustment of status regardless of whether an immigrant visa is imme-diately available at the time the application is filed. ‘‘(2) S
UPPLEMENTAL FEE .—If a visa is not immediately available at the time an appli-cation is filed under paragraph (1), the bene-ficiary of such application shall pay a sup-plemental fee of $500, which shall be depos-ited into the H–1B Nonimmigrant Petitioner Account established under section 286(s). This fee shall not be collected from any de-pendent accompanying or following to join such beneficiary. ‘‘(3) A
VAILABILITY .—An application filed under this subsection may not be approved until the date on which an immigrant visa becomes available.’’. 
SA 1964. Mr. HATCH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING OPPOR-TUNITIES FOR HIGHLY-SKILLED NONIMMIGRANTS. 
(a) E MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION FOR DE-
PENDENTS OF H–1B N ONIMMIGRANTS .—Section 214(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(c)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G)(i) If the principal alien has a pending or approved Application for Permanent Em-ployment Certification or a pending or ap-proved Immigrant Petition, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— ‘‘(I) authorize the alien spouse of such principal alien admitted under section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) who is accompanying or following to join the principal alien to en-gage in employment in the United States; and ‘‘(II) provide the spouse with an ‘employ-ment authorized’ endorsement or other ap-propriate work permit. ‘‘(ii) The employer of an alien spouse de-scribed in clause (i)(I) shall attest to the Secretary of Homeland Security that the employer is offering and will offer to the alien spouse, during the period of authorized employment, not less than the greater of— ‘‘(I) the actual wage level paid by the em-ployer for the specific employment in ques-tion to all other individuals with similar ex-periences and qualifications; or ‘‘(II) the prevailing wage level for the occu-pational classification in the area of employ-ment, reflecting the education, experience, and level of supervision required for the job to be performed by the alien spouse, based on the best information available at the time the alien spouse is hired.’’. (b) E
LIMINATING IMPEDIMENTS TO WORKER  M
OBILITY .— (1) E
FFECT OF NEW JOB SITE .—Section 214(c)(10) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(c)(10)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(10) An amended H–1B petition shall not be required if— ‘‘(A) the petitioning employer is involved in a corporate restructuring, including a merger, acquisition, or consolidation; ‘‘(B) a new corporate entity succeeds to the interests and obligations of the original peti-tioning employer and the terms and condi-tions of employment remain the same except for the identity of the petitioner; or ‘‘(C) the nonimmigrant worker begins working at a new place of employment for which the petitioner has secured a valid, cer-tified Labor Condition Application before the nonimmigrant worker began working at such place of employment.’’. (2) D
EFERENCE TO PRIOR APPROVALS .—Sec- tion 214(c) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as amended by paragraph (1) and subsection (a), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(15) If the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity or the Secretary of State approves a visa, petition, or application for admission on behalf of an alien described in subpara-graph (H)(i)(b) or (L) of section 101(a)(15), the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Sec-retary of State may not deny a subsequent petition, visa, or application for admission involving the same employer and alien un-less the applicant is provided with a written finding that explains the basis for the Gov-ernment’s determination that— ‘‘(A) there was a material error with re-gard to the approval of the previous petition, visa, or application for admission; ‘‘(B) a substantial change in circumstances has taken place since the prior approval or admission that renders the nonimmigrant in-eligible for such status under this Act; or ‘‘(C) new material information has been discovered that adversely impacts the eligi-bility of the employer or the non-immigrant.’’. (3) EFFECT OF ENDING EMPLOYMENT RELA -
TIONSHIP .—Section 214(n) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(n)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) A nonimmigrant admitted under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(b) whose employment re-lationship ends (either voluntarily or invol-untarily) before the expiration of the non-immigrant’s period of authorized admission shall be deemed to have retained such legal status throughout the 60-day period begin-ning on such employment ending date if an employer files a petition to extend, change, or adjust the status of the nonimmigrant during such period.’’. (c) P
RACTICAL TRAINING FOR F–1 N ON-
IMMIGRANTS .— (1) D
EFINED TERM .—Section 101(a)(15)(F)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(F)(i)) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘including post-comple-tion on-the-job training related to the same course of study,’’ after ‘‘for the purpose of pursuing such a course of study’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘consistent with section 214(l)’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with sec-tion 214(m)’’. (2) O
PTIONAL PRACTICAL TRAINING .—Section 214(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(m)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3)(A) An alien who obtains the status of a nonimmigrant under clause (i) or (iii) of section 101(a)(F) may complete a course of study by engaging in optional post-comple-tion practical training to gain experience di-rectly related to the course of study if the participating employer— ‘‘(i) confirms to the university that the employer is compensating the nonimmigrant as similarly situated United States workers; and ‘‘(ii) documents to the university that the nonimmigrant’s assignments will provide ex-periential learning to further the non-immigrant’s knowledge of the major field in the course of study. ‘‘(B) Optional post-completion practical training under this paragraph is only avail-able once at each degree level, and only if the United States university awarding the degree was accredited at the time such de-gree was awarded in the United States. ‘‘(C)(i) Except as provided in clause (ii), op-tional post-completion practical training is available for a period of not more than 12 months, which shall begin not later than 60 days after the alien’s graduation from the university. ‘‘(ii) Nonimmigrants described in clause (i) or (iii) of section 101(a)(F) may extend op-tional practical training under this para-graph for a period of not more than an addi-tional 24 months if— ‘‘(I) such training immediately follows the completion of a degree in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics; and ‘‘(II) such extension is requested before the expiration of the 12-month period described in clause (i).’’. 
SA 1965. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00117 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.021 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1046 February 14, 2018 
him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. FAIRNESS FOR HIGH-SKILLED IMMI-GRANTS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Fairness for High-Skilled Im-migrants Act of 2018’’. (b) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION TO ANYSINGLE  F
OREIGN STATE .—Section 202(a)(2) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) P
ER COUNTRY LEVELS FOR FAMILY -SPON -
SORED IMMIGRANTS .—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the total number of immigrant visas made available to natives of any single foreign state or dependent area under section 203(a) in any fiscal year may not exceed 15 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas made avail-able under such section in that fiscal year.’’. (c) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 202 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘both sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (5); and (2) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) S
PECIAL RULES FOR COUNTRIES AT  C
EILING .—If the total number of immigrant visas made available under section 203(a) to natives of any single foreign state or depend-ent area will exceed the numerical limita-tion specified in subsection (a)(2) in any fis-cal year, immigrant visas shall be allotted to such natives under section 203(a) (to the ex-tent practicable and otherwise consistent with this section and section 203) in a man-ner so that, except as provided in subsection (a)(4), the proportion of the visas made avail-able under each of paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 203(a) is equal to the ratio of the total visas made available under the respec-tive paragraph to the total visas made avail-able under section 203(a).’’. (d) C
OUNTRY -SPECIFIC OFFSET .—Section 2 of the Chinese Student Protection Act of 1992 (8 U.S.C. 1255 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘(as de-fined in subsection (e))’’; (2) by striking subsection (d); and (3) by redesignating subsection (e) as sub-section (d). (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsections (b) through (d) shall take effect on September 30, 2018, and shall apply to fiscal year 2019 and to each subse-quent fiscal year. (f) T
RANSITION RULES FOR EMPLOYMENT - B
ASED IMMIGRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) through (4), and notwithstanding title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.), the following rules shall apply: (A) For fiscal year 2019, 15 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) shall be allotted to immigrants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not 1 of the 2 states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2015 under such paragraphs. (B) For fiscal year 2020, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not 1 of the 2 states with the largest aggregate numbers of na-tives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2016 under such paragraphs. (C) For fiscal year 2021, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not 1 of the 2 states with the largest aggregate numbers of na-tives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2017 under such paragraphs. (2) PER-COUNTRY LEVELS .— (A) R
ESERVED VISAS .—The number of visas reserved under each of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) made available to natives of any single foreign state or de-pendent area in the appropriate fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas. (B) U
NRESERVED VISAS .—Not more than 85 percent of the immigrant visas made avail-able under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) and not re-served under paragraph (1), for each of the fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019, may be allot-ted to immigrants who are natives of any single foreign state. (3) S
PECIAL RULE TO PREVENT UNUSED  
VISAS .—If, with respect to fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019, the application of paragraphs (1) and (2) would prevent the total number of immigrant visas made available under para-graph (2) or (3) of section 203(b) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) from being issued, such visas may be issued during the remainder of such fiscal year without regard to paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) R
ULES FOR CHARGEABILITY .—Section 202(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(b)) shall apply in deter-mining the foreign state to which an alien is chargeable for purposes of this subsection. 
SA 1966. Mr. PAUL submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Table of contents. TITLE I—LEGAL IMMIGRATION REFORM Subtitle A—Immigrant Visa Allocations and Priorities Sec. 1101. Family-sponsored immigration priorities. Sec. 1102. Elimination of diversity visa pro-gram. Sec. 1103. Employment-based immigration priorities. Sec. 1104. Waiver of rights by B visa non-immigrants. Subtitle B—Visa Security Sec. 1201. Cancellation of additional visas. Sec. 1202. Visa information sharing. Sec. 1203. Restricting waiver of visa inter-views. Sec. 1204. Authorizing the Department of State to not interview certain ineligible visa applicants. Sec. 1205. Visa refusal and revocation. Sec. 1206. Petition and application proc-essing for visas and immigra-tion benefits. Sec. 1207. Fraud prevention. Sec. 1208. Visa ineligibility for spouses and children of drug traffickers. Sec. 1209. DNA testing. Sec. 1210. Access to NCIC criminal history database for diplomatic visas. Sec. 1211. Elimination of signed photograph requirement for visa applica-tions. Sec. 1212. Additional fraud detection and prevention. TITLE II—INTERIOR IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT Subtitle A—New Illegal Deduction Eliminations Sec. 2101. Clarification that wages paid to unauthorized aliens may not be deducted from gross income. Sec. 2102. Modification of E-Verify Program. Subtitle B—Sanctuary Cities and State and Local Law Enforcement Cooperation Sec. 2201. Short title. Sec. 2202. State noncompliance with en-forcement of immigration law. Sec. 2203. Clarifying the authority of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement detainers. Sec. 2204. Sarah and Grant’s law. Sec. 2205. Clarification of congressional in-tent. Sec. 2206. Penalties for illegal entry or pres-ence. Subtitle C—Criminal Aliens Sec. 2301. Precluding admissibility of aliens convicted of aggravated felo-nies or other serious offenses. Sec. 2302. Increased penalties barring the ad-mission of convicted sex offend-ers failing to register and re-quiring deportation of sex of-fenders failing to register. Sec. 2303. Grounds of inadmissibility and de-portability for alien gang mem-bers. Sec. 2304. Inadmissibility and deportability of drunk drivers. Sec. 2305. Definition of aggravated felony. Sec. 2306. Precluding withholding of removal for aggravated felons. Sec. 2307. Protecting immigrants from con-victed sex offenders. Sec. 2308. Clarification to crimes of violence and crimes involving moral tur-pitude. Sec. 2309. Detention of dangerous aliens. Sec. 2310. Timely repatriation. Sec. 2311. Illegal reentry. Subtitle D—Asylum Reform Sec. 2401. Clarification of intent regarding taxpayer-provided counsel. Sec. 2402. Credible fear interviews. Sec. 2403. Recording expedited removal and credible fear interviews. Sec. 2404. Safe third country. Sec. 2405. Renunciation of asylum status pursuant to return to home country. Sec. 2406. Notice concerning frivolous asy-lum applications. Sec. 2407. Anti-fraud investigative work product. Sec. 2408. Penalties for asylum fraud. Sec. 2409. Statute of limitations for asylum fraud. Sec. 2410. Technical amendments. Subtitle E—Unaccompanied and Accom-panied Alien Minors Apprehended Along the Border Sec. 2501. Repatriation of unaccompanied alien children. Sec. 2502. Special immigrant juvenile status for immigrants unable to re-unite with either parent. Sec. 2503. Jurisdiction of asylum applica-tions. Sec. 2504. Quarterly report to Congress. Sec. 2505. Biannual report to Congress. Sec. 2506. Clarification of standards for fam-ily detention. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00118 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0655 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.021 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1047 February 14, 2018 
TITLE III—BORDER ENFORCEMENT Sec. 3001. Short title. Subtitle A—Border Security Sec. 3101. Definitions. C
HAPTER 1—INFRASTRUCTURE AND EQUIPMENT  Sec. 3111. Strengthening the requirements for barriers along the southern border. Sec. 3112. Air and Marine Operations flight hours. Sec. 3113. Capability deployment to specific sectors and transit zone. Sec. 3114. U.S. Border Patrol activities. Sec. 3115. Border security technology pro-gram management. Sec. 3116. Reimbursement of States for de-ployment of the National Guard at the southern border. Sec. 3117. National Guard support to secure the southern border. Sec. 3118. Prohibitions on actions that im-pede border security on certain Federal land. Sec. 3119. Landowner and rancher security enhancement. Sec. 3120. Eradication of carrizo cane and salt cedar. Sec. 3121. Southern border threat analysis. Sec. 3122. Amendments to U.S. Customs and Border Protection. Sec. 3123. Agent and officer technology use. Sec. 3124. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams. Sec. 3125. Tunnel Task Forces. Sec. 3126. Pilot program on use of electro-magnetic spectrum in support of border security operations. Sec. 3127. Homeland security foreign assist-ance. C
HAPTER 2—P ERSONNEL  Sec. 3131. Additional U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection agents and offi-cers. Sec. 3132. U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion retention incentives. Sec. 3133. Anti-Border Corruption Reauthor-ization Act. Sec. 3134. Training for officers and agents of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. C
HAPTER 3—G RANTS  Sec. 3141. Operation Stonegarden. C
HAPTER 4—A UTHORIZATION OF  A
PPROPRIATIONS  Sec. 3151. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Emergency Port of Entry Personnel and Infrastructure Funding Sec. 3201. Ports of entry infrastructure. Sec. 3202. Secure communications. Sec. 3203. Border security deployment pro-gram. Sec. 3204. Non-intrusive inspection oper-ational demonstration. Sec. 3205. Biometric exit data system. Sec. 3206. Sense of Congress on cooperation between agencies. Sec. 3207. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 3208. Definition. TITLE IV—LAWFUL STATUS FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS Sec. 4101. Definitions. Sec. 4102. Contingent nonimmigrant status for certain aliens who entered the United States as minors. Sec. 4103. Administrative and judicial re-view. Sec. 4104. Penalties and signature require-ments. Sec. 4105. Rulemaking. Sec. 4106. Statutory construction. TITLE I—LEGAL IMMIGRATION REFORM Subtitle A—Immigrant Visa Allocations and Priorities SEC. 1101. FAMILY-SPONSORED IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES. 
(a) I MMEDIATE RELATIVE REDEFINED .—Sec- tion 201 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘children, spouses, and parents of a citizen of the United States, except that, in the case of parents, such citizens shall be at least 21 years of age.’’ and inserting ‘‘children and spouse of a citizen of the United States.’’; and (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘such an im-mediate relative’’ and inserting ‘‘the imme-diate relative spouse of a United States cit-izen’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) W
ORLDWIDE LEVEL OF FAMILY -SPON-
SORED IMMIGRANTS .—(1) The worldwide level of family-sponsored immigrants under this subsection for a fiscal year is equal to 87,934 minus the number computed under para-graph (2). ‘‘(2) The number computed under this para-graph for a fiscal year is the number of aliens who were paroled into the United States under section 212(d)(5) in the second preceding fiscal year who— ‘‘(A) did not depart from the United States (without advance parole) within 365 days; and ‘‘(B)(i) did not acquire the status of an alien lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence during the two pre-ceding fiscal years; or ‘‘(ii) acquired such status during such pe-riod under a provision of law (other than subsection (b)) that exempts adjustment to such status from the numerical limitation on the worldwide level of immigration under this section.’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3); and (D) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(1) through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) and (2)’’. (b) F
AMILY -BASED VISA PREFERENCES .— Section 203(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) S
POUSES AND MINOR CHILDREN OF PER-
MANENT RESIDENT ALIENS .—Family-spon-sored immigrants described in this sub-section are qualified immigrants who are the spouse or a child of an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence and shall be al-located visas in accordance with the number computed under section 201(c).’’. (c) A
GING OUT.—Section 203(h) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(h)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’; (2) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), for purposes of subsections (a)(2) and (d), a determination of whether an alien satisfies the age requirement in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) of section 101(b)(1) shall be made using the age of the alien on the date on which a petition is filed with the Sec-retary of Homeland Security.’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) through (4) as paragraphs (3) through (5), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—Notwithstanding the age of an alien on the date on which a petition is filed, an alien who marries or attains 25 years of age before being issued a visa pursu-ant to subsection (a)(2) or (d), no longer sat-isfies the age requirement described in para-graph (1).’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘(4)’’. (d) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) D
EFINITION OF V NONIMMIGRANT .—Sec- tion 101(a)(15)(V) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (2) N
UMERICAL LIMITATION TO ANY SINGLE  
FOREIGN STATE .—Section 202 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(4)— (i) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) 75 
PERCENT OF FAMILY -SPONSORED IM -
MIGRANTS NOT SUBJECT TO PER COUNTRY LIMI -
TATION .—Of the visa numbers made available under section 203(a) in any fiscal year, 75 per-cent shall be issued without regard to the numerical limitation under paragraph (2). ‘‘(B) T
REATMENT OF REMAINING 25 PERCENT  
FOR COUNTRIES SUBJECT TO SUBSECTION (e).— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Of the visa numbers made available under section 203(a) in any fiscal year, 25 percent shall be available, in the case of a foreign state or dependent area that is subject to subsection (e) only to the extent that the total number of visas issued in accordance with subparagraph (A) to na-tives of the foreign state or dependent area is less than the subsection (e) ceiling. ‘‘(ii) S
UBSECTION (e) CEILING DEFINED .—In clause (i), the term ‘subsection (e) ceiling’ means, for a foreign state or dependent area, 77 percent of the maximum number of visas that may be made available under section 203(a) to immigrants who are natives of the state or area, consistent with subsection (e).’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (C) and (D); and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) by striking paragraph (2); (iii) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); and (iv) in the undesignated matter after para-graph (2), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘, re-spectively,’’ and all that follows and insert-ing a period. (3) P
ROCEDURE FOR GRANTING IMMIGRANT  
STATUS .—Section 204 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘to classification by reason of a relationship de-scribed in paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 203(a) or’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by redesignating the sec-ond subclause (I) as subclause (II); and (II) by striking ‘‘203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such terms appear and inserting ‘‘203(a)’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘a petitioner’’ and all that follows through ‘‘section 204(a)(1)(B)(iii).’’ and inserting ‘‘an individual younger than 21 years of age for purposes of adjudicating such petition and for purposes of admission as an immediate relative under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) or a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a), as appropriate, notwithstanding the actual age of the individual.’’; (B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘, 203(a)(1), or 203(a)(3), as appropriate’’; and (C) by striking subsection (k). (4) W
AIVERS OF INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00119 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1048 February 14, 2018 
(A) in subsection (a)(6)(E)(ii), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(11), by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (4) thereof)’’. (5) E
MPLOYMENT OF V NONIMMIGRANTS .— Section 214(q)(1)(B)(i) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)(1)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term ap-pears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (6) D
EFINITION OF ALIEN SPOUSE .—Section 216(h)(1)(C) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1186a(h)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (7) C
LASSES OF DEPORTABLE ALIENS .—Sec- tion 237(a)(1)(E)(ii) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)(E)(ii)) is amended by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)’’. (e) C
REATION OF NONIMMIGRANT CLASSIFICA -
TION FOR ALIEN PARENTS OF ADULT UNITED  S
TATES CITIZENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (T)(ii)(III), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; (B) in subparagraph (U)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (V)(ii)(II), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(W) Subject to section 214(s), an alien who is a parent of a citizen of the United States, if the citizen— ‘‘(i) is at least 21 years of age; and ‘‘(ii) has never received contingent non-immigrant status under title IV of the Se-curing America’s Future Act of 2018.’’. (2) C
ONDITIONS ON ADMISSION .—Section 214 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(s)(1) The initial period of authorized ad-mission for a nonimmigrant described in sec-tion 101(a)(15)(W) shall be 5 years, but may be extended by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity for additional 5-year periods if the United States citizen son or daughter of the nonimmigrant is still residing in the United States. ‘‘(2) A nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W)— ‘‘(A) is not authorized to be employed in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is not eligible for any Federal, State, or local public benefit. ‘‘(3) Regardless of the resources of a non-immigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W), the United States citizen son or daughter who sponsored the nonimmigrant parent shall be responsible for the nonimmigrant’s support while the nonimmigrant resides in the United States. ‘‘(4) An alien is ineligible to receive a visa or to be admitted into the United States as a nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W) unless the alien provides satis-factory proof that the United States citizen son or daughter has arranged for health in-surance coverage for the alien, at no cost to the alien, during the anticipated period of the alien’s residence in the United States.’’. (f) E
FFECTIVE DATE; APPLICABILITY .— (1) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on Oc-tober 1, 2018. (2) I
NVALIDITY OF CERTAIN PETITIONS AND  
APPLICATIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—No person may file, and the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State may not accept, adju-dicate, or approve any petition under section 204 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) filed on or after the date of en-actment of this Act seeking classification of an alien under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2)(A)(i)) with respect to a parent of a United States citizen, or under paragraph (1), (2)(B), (3) or (4) of section 203(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)). Any ap-plication for adjustment of status or an im-migrant visa based on such a petition shall be invalid. (B) PENDING PETITIONS .—Neither the Sec-retary of Homeland Security nor the Sec-retary of State may adjudicate or approve any petition under section 204 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) pending as of the date of enactment of this Act seeking classification of an alien under section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2)(A)(i)) with respect to a parent of a United States citizen, or under paragraph (1), (2)(B), (3) or (4) of section 203(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)). Any application for adjust-ment of status or an immigrant visa based on such a petition shall be invalid. (3) A
PPLICABILITY TO WAITLISTED APPLI -
CANTS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the amendments made by this section, an alien with regard to whom a petition or applica-tion for status under paragraph (1), (2)(B), (3) or (4) of section 203(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)), as in effect on September 30, 2018, was approved prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, may be issued a visa pursuant to that paragraph in accordance with the avail-ability of visas under subparagraph (B). (B) A
VAILABILITY OF VISAS .—Visas may be issued to beneficiaries of approved petitions under each category described in subpara-graph (A), but only until such time as the number of visas that would have been allo-cated to that category in fiscal year 2019, notwithstanding the amendments made by this section, have been issued. When the number of visas described in the previous sentence have been issued for each category described in subparagraph (A), no additional visas may be issued for that category. 
SEC. 1102. ELIMINATION OF DIVERSITY VISA PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended by striking subsection (c). (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .— (1) I
MMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT .— The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (A) in section 101(a)(15)(V), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (B) in section 201— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (II) by striking paragraph (3); and (ii) by striking subsection (e); (C) in section 203— (i) in subsection (b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV), by strik-ing ‘‘section 203(b)(2)(B)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; (ii) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), respectively; (iii) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (iv) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (I) by striking paragraph (2); and (II) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); (v) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (vi) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsections (a), (b), and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’; and (vii) in subsection (g), as redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘(d)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(c)’’; and (II) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’; (D) in section 204— (i) in subsection (a)(1), by striking subpara-graph (I); (ii) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of section 203’’; and (iii) in subsection (l)(2)— (I) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203 (a) or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (c) of section 203’’; and (II) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (E) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (F) in section 216(h)(1), in the undesignated matter following subparagraph (C), by strik-ing ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; and (G) in section 245(i)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’. (2) IMMIGRANT INVESTOR PILOT PROGRAM .— Section 610(d) of the Departments of Com-merce, Justice, and State, the Judiciary, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1993 (Public Law 102–395) is amended by striking ‘‘section 203(e) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(e))’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(d) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(d))’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1103. EMPLOYMENT-BASED IMMIGRATION PRIORITIES. 
(a) I NCREASE IN VISAS FOR SKILLED WORK-
ERS.—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 201(d)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘140,000’’ and inserting ‘‘195,000’’; and (2) in section 203(b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘28.6 per-cent of such worldwide level’’ and inserting ‘‘58,374’’; (B) in paragraphs (2) and (3), by striking ‘‘28.6 percent of such worldwide level’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘58,373’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘7.1 percent of such world-wide level’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘9,940’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on October 1, 2019 and shall apply to visas made available in fiscal year 2019 and subsequent fiscal years. 
SEC. 1104. WAIVER OF RIGHTS BY B VISA NON-IMMIGRANTS. 
Section 101(a)(15)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(B)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and who has waived any right to review or appeal of an immigration officer’s determination as to the admissibility of the alien at the port of entry into the United States, or to contest, other than on the basis of an application for asylum, any action for removal of the alien’’ before the semicolon at the end. Subtitle B—Visa Security 
SEC. 1201. CANCELLATION OF ADDITIONAL VISAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(g) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and any other non-immigrant visa issued by the United States that is in the possession of the alien’’ after ‘‘such visa’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘(other than the visa described in paragraph (1)) issued in a consular office located in the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00120 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1049 February 14, 2018 
country of the alien’s nationality’’ and in-serting ‘‘(other than a visa described in para-graph (1)) issued in a consular office located in the country of the alien’s nationality or foreign residence’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any visa issued before, on, or after such date. 
SEC. 1202. VISA INFORMATION SHARING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(f) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(f)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘issuance or refusal’’ and inserting ‘‘issuance, refusal, or revocation’’; (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter pre-ceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and on the basis of reciprocity’’ and all that follows and inserting the following ‘‘may provide to a foreign government information in a De-partment of State computerized visa data-base and, when necessary and appropriate, other records covered by this section related to information in such database—’’; (3) in paragraph (2)(A)— (A) by inserting at the beginning ‘‘on the basis of reciprocity,’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘for the pur-pose of’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘illicit weapons; or’’ and in-serting ‘‘illicit weapons, or (ii) determining a person’s deportability or eligibility for a visa, admission, or other immigration ben-efit;’’; (4) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by inserting at the beginning ‘‘on the basis of reciprocity,’’; (B) by striking ‘‘in the database’’ and in-serting ‘‘such database’’; (C) by striking ‘‘for the purposes’’ and in-serting ‘‘for one of the purposes’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘or to deny visas to persons who would be inadmissible to the United States.’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) with regard to any or all aliens in the database specified data elements from each record, if the Secretary of State determines that it is in the national interest to provide such information to a foreign government.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1203. RESTRICTING WAIVER OF VISA INTER-VIEWS. 
Section 222(h) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)(1)(B)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security,’’ after ‘‘if the Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by inserting ‘‘, where such national interest shall not in-clude facilitation of travel of foreign nation-als to the United States, reduction of visa application processing times, or the alloca-tion of consular resources’’ before the semi-colon at the end; and (3) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subpara-graph (E); (B) by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (F) and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) is an individual— ‘‘(i) determined to be in a class of aliens determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security to be threats to national security; ‘‘(ii) identified by the Secretary of Home-land Security as a person of concern; or ‘‘(iii) applying for a visa in a visa category with respect to which the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that a waiver of the visa interview would create a high risk of degradation of visa program in-tegrity.’’. SEC. 1204. AUTHORIZING THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE TO NOT INTERVIEW CERTAIN INELIGIBLE VISA APPLICANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 222(h)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(h)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘the alien is determined by the Secretary of State to be ineligible for a visa based upon review of the application or’’ after ‘‘unless’’. (b) G
UIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall issue guidance to consular officers on the standards and proc-esses for implementing the authority to deny visa applications without interview in cases where the alien is determined by the Sec-retary of State to be ineligible for a visa based upon review of the application. (c) R
EPORTS .—Not less frequently than quarterly, the Secretary of State shall sub-mit a report to Congress regarding the denial of visa applications without interview, in-cluding— (1) the number of such denials; and (2) a post-by-post breakdown of such deni-als. 
SEC. 1205. VISA REFUSAL AND REVOCATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF HOME-
LAND SECURITY AND THE SECRETARY OF  S
TATE .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 428 of the Home-land Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236) is amended by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  H
OMELAND SECURITY .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 104(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1104(a)) or any other provision of law, and except as provided in subsection (c) and except for the authority of the Sec-retary of State under subparagraphs (A) and (G) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)), the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall have exclusive authority to issue regulations, establish policy, and ad-minister and enforce the provisions of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) and all other immigration or na-tionality laws relating to the functions of consular officers of the United States in con-nection with the granting and refusal of a visa; and ‘‘(B) may refuse or revoke any visa to any alien or class of aliens if the Secretary, or designee, determines that such refusal or revocation is necessary or advisable in the security or foreign policy interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of any visa under paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(A) shall take effect immediately; and ‘‘(B) shall automatically cancel any other valid visa that is in the alien’s possession. ‘‘(3) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 2241 of title 28, United States Code, or any other habeas corpus provision, and sections 1361 and 1651 of such title, no court shall have jurisdiction to review a decision by the Secretary of Homeland Security to refuse or revoke a visa, and no court shall have juris-diction to hear any claim arising from, or any challenge to, such a refusal or revoca-tion. ‘‘(c) A
UTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  S
TATE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State may direct a consular officer to refuse a visa requested by an alien if the Secretary of State determines such refusal to be nec-essary or advisable in the security or foreign policy interests of the United States. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—No decision by the Sec-retary of State to approve a visa may over-ride a decision by the Secretary of Homeland Security under subsection (b).’’. (2) AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF  
STATE .—Section 221(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection, except in the context of a removal proceeding if such revocation provides the sole ground for re-moval under section 237(a)(1)(B).’’ and insert-ing ‘‘subsection.’’. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 237(a)(1)(B) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(1)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 221(i)’’. (4) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to visa refusals and revocations occurring before, on, or after such date. (b) T
ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO THE HOME-
LAND SECURITY ACT.—Section 428(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 236(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘section’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘consular office’’ and in-serting ‘‘consular officer’’. 
SEC. 1206. PETITION AND APPLICATION PROC-ESSING FOR VISAS AND IMMIGRA-TION BENEFITS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1181 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 211 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 211A. PETITION AND APPLICATION PROC-ESSING. 
‘‘(a) S IGNATURE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—No petition or applica-tion filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security or with a consular officer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immi-grant or as a nonimmigrant may be approved unless the petition or application is signed by each party required to sign such petition or application. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATIONS FOR IMMIGRANT VISAS .— Except as may be otherwise prescribed by regulations, each application for an immi-grant visa shall be signed by the applicant in the presence of the consular officer, and verified by the oath of the applicant admin-istered by the consular officer. ‘‘(b) C
OMPLETION REQUIREMENT .—No peti- tion or application filed with the Secretary of Homeland Security or with a consular of-ficer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immigrant or as a non-immigrant may be approved unless each ap-plicable portion of the petition or applica-tion has been completed. ‘‘(c) T
RANSLATION REQUIREMENT .—No docu- ment submitted in support of a petition or application for a nonimmigrant or immi-grant visa may be accepted by a consular of-ficer if such document contains information in a foreign language, unless such document is accompanied by a full English translation, which the translator has certified as com-plete and accurate, and by the translator’s certification that he or she is competent to translate from the foreign language into English. ‘‘(d) R
EQUESTS FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMA -
TION.—If the Secretary of Homeland Security or a consular officer requests any additional information relating to a petition or applica-tion filed with the Secretary or consular offi-cer relating to the issuance of a visa or to the admission of an alien to the United States as an immigrant or as a non-immigrant, such petition or application may not be approved unless all of the additional information requested— ‘‘(1) is provided on or before any reason-ably established deadline included in the re-quest; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00121 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1050 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(2) is shown to have been previously pro-vided, in complete form.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 211 the following: ‘‘Sec. 211A. Petition and application proc-essing.’’. (c) A
PPLICATION .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to applications and petitions filed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1207. FRAUD PREVENTION. 
(a) P ROSPECTIVE ANALYTICS TECHNOLOGY .— (1) P
LAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity shall submit a plan to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives for the use of advanced ana-lytics software to ensure the proactive detec-tion of fraud in immigration benefits appli-cations and petitions and to ensure that any such applicant or petitioner does not pose a threat to national security. (2) I
MPLEMENTATION OF PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the submission of the plan under paragraph (1), the Sec-retary of Homeland Security shall begin im-plementing the plan. (b) B
ENEFITS FRAUD ASSESSMENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Fraud Detection and Na-tionality Security Directorate, shall com-plete a benefit fraud assessment on— (A) petitions by VAWA self-petitioners (as defined in section 101(a)(51) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(51)); (B) applications or petitions for visas or status under section 101(a)(15)(K) of such Act or under section 201(b)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2), in the case of spouses; (C) applications for visas or status under section 101(a)(27)(J) of such Act; (D) applications for visas or status under section 101(a)(15)(U) of such Act; (E) petitions for visas or status under sec-tion 101(a)(27)(C) of such Act; (F) applications for asylum under section 208 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158); (G) applications for adjustment of status under section 209 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1159); and (H) petitions for visas or status under sec-tion 201(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)). (2) R
EPORTING ON FINDINGS .—Not later than 30 days after the completion of each benefit fraud assessment under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit a report to the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that includes— (A) the results of such assessment; and (B) recommendations for reducing in-stances of fraud identified by the assess-ment. 
SEC. 1208. VISA INELIGIBILITY FOR SPOUSES AND CHILDREN OF DRUG TRAFFICKERS. 
Section 202(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘is the spouse, son, or daughter’’ and inserting ‘‘is or has been the spouse, son, or daughter’’; and (2) in subparagraph (H)(ii), by striking ‘‘is the spouse, son, or daughter’’ and inserting ‘‘is or has been the spouse, son, or daughter’’. 
SEC. 1209. DNA TESTING. 
Section 222(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1202(b)) is amended by inserting ‘‘If the consular officer or immi-gration official considers that DNA evidence is necessary to establish a family relation-ship, the immigrant shall provide DNA evi-dence of such a relationship in accordance with procedures established for submitting such evidence. The Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State, may issue regulations to require DNA evidence from applicants for certain visa classifications to establish family rela-tionships.’’ after ‘‘by the consular officer.’’. SEC. 1210. ACCESS TO NCIC CRIMINAL HISTORY DATABASE FOR DIPLOMATIC VISAS. 
Subsection (a) of article V of section 217 of the National Criminal History Access and Child Protection Act (34 U.S.C. 40316(V)(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except for diplo-matic visa applications for which only full biographical information is required’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1211. ELIMINATION OF SIGNED PHOTO-GRAPH REQUIREMENT FOR VISA AP-PLICATIONS. 
Section 221(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1201(b)) is amended by striking the first sentence and insert the fol-lowing: ‘‘Each alien who applies for a visa shall be registered in connection with his or her application and shall furnish copies of his or her photograph for such use as may be required by regulation.’’. 
SEC. 1212. ADDITIONAL FRAUD DETECTION AND PREVENTION. 
Section 286(v)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(v)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘at United States embassies and consulates abroad’’; (2) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) to increase the number of diplomatic security personnel assigned exclusively or primarily to the function of preventing and detecting visa fraud;’’; and (3) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, including primarily fraud by applicants for visas de-scribed in subparagraph (H)(i), (H)(ii), or (L) of section 101(a)(15)’’. TITLE II—INTERIOR IMMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT Subtitle A—New Illegal Deduction Eliminations 
SEC. 2101. CLARIFICATION THAT WAGES PAID TO UNAUTHORIZED ALIENS MAY NOT BE DEDUCTED FROM GROSS IN-COME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 162 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (re-lating to illegal bribes, kickbacks, and other payments) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) W
AGES PAID TO OR ON BEHALF OF UNAU -
THORIZED ALIENS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—No deduction shall be allowed under subsection (a) for any wage paid to or on behalf of an unauthorized alien, as defined under section 274A(h)(3) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(h)(3)). ‘‘(B) W
AGES .—For the purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘wages’ means all remu-neration for employment, including the cash value of all remuneration (including bene-fits) paid in any medium other than cash. ‘‘(C) S
AFE HARBOR .—If a person or other en-tity is participating in the E-Verify Program described in section 403(a) of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) and ob-tains confirmation of identity and employ-ment eligibility in compliance with the terms and conditions of the program with re-spect to the hiring (or recruitment or refer-ral) of an employee, subparagraph (A) shall not apply with respect to wages paid to such employee. ‘‘(D) B
URDEN OF PROOF .—In the case of any examination of a return in connection with a deduction under this section by reason of this paragraph, the Secretary shall bear the burden of proving that wages were paid to or on behalf of an unauthorized alien. ‘‘(E) LIMITATION ON TAXPAYER AUDIT .—The Secretary may not commence an audit or other investigation of a taxpayer solely on the basis of a deduction taken under this sec-tion by reason of this paragraph.’’. (b) S
IX-YEAR LIMITATION ON ASSESSMENT  
AND COLLECTION .—Subsection (c) of section 6501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (re-lating to exceptions) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(12) D
EDUCTION CLAIMED FOR WAGES PAID  
TO UNAUTHORIZED ALIENS .—In the case of a return of tax on which a deduction is shown in violation of section 162(c)(4), any tax under chapter 1 may be assessed, or a pro-ceeding in court for the collection of such tax may be begun without assessment, at any time within 6 years after the return was filed.’’. (c) U
SE OF DOCUMENTATION FOR ENFORCE -
MENT PURPOSES .—Section 274A of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (b)(5), by inserting ‘‘, section 162(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,’’ after ‘‘enforcement of this Act’’; (2) in subparagraph (d)(2)(F), by inserting ‘‘, section 162(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,’’ after ‘‘enforcement of this Act’’; and (3) in subparagraph (d)(2)(G), by inserting ‘‘section 162(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or’’ after ‘‘or enforcement of’’. (d) A
VAILABILITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security, the Secretary of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, and the Sec-retary of the Treasury, shall jointly estab-lish a program to share information among such agencies that may or could lead to the identification of unauthorized aliens (as de-fined under section 274A(h)(3) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act), including any no-match letter, any information in the earnings suspense file, and any information in the investigation and enforcement of sec-tion 162(c)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (2) D
ISCLOSURE BY SECRETARY OF THE  
TREASURY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Subsection (i) of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) P
AYMENT OF WAGES TO UNAUTHORIZED  
ALIENS .—Upon request from the Commis-sioner of the Social Security Administration or the Secretary of the Department of Home-land Security, the Secretary shall disclose to officers and employees of such Administra-tion or Department— ‘‘(A) taxpayer identity information of em-ployers who paid wages with respect to which a deduction was not allowed by reason of section 162(c)(4), and ‘‘(B) taxpayer identity information of indi-viduals to whom such wages were paid, for purposes of carrying out any enforcement activities of such Administration or Depart-ment with respect to such employers or indi-viduals.’’. (B) R
ECORDKEEPING .—Paragraph (4) of sec-tion 6103(p) of such Code is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘(5), or (7)’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(5), (7), or (9)’’, and (ii) by striking ‘‘(5) or (7)’’ in subparagraph (F)(ii) and inserting ‘‘(5), (7), or (9)’’. (e) E
FFECTIVE DATE.— (1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), this Act and the amendments made by this Act shall take effect on the date of the enact-ment of this Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00122 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1051 February 14, 2018 
(2) The amendments made by subsections (a) and (b) shall apply to taxable years begin-ning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 2102. MODIFICATION OF E-VERIFY PRO-GRAM. 
(a) M AKING PERMANENT .—Subsection (b) of section 401 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by striking the last sentence. (b) A
PPLICATION TO CURRENT EMPLOYEES .— (1) V
OLUNTARY ELECTION .—The first sen-tence of section 402(a) of such Act is amend-ed to read as follows: ‘‘Any person or other entity that conducts any hiring (or recruit-ment or referral) in a State or employs any individuals in a State may elect to partici-pate in the E-Verify Program.’’. (2) B
ENEFIT OF REBUTTABLE PRESUMPTION .— Paragraph (1) of section 402(b) of such Act is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘If a person or other entity is participating in the E-Verify Program and obtains con-firmation of identity and employment eligi-bility in compliance with the terms and con-ditions of the program with respect to indi-viduals employed by the person or entity, the person or entity has established a rebut-table presumption that the person or entity has not violated section 274A(a)(2) with re-spect to such individuals.’’. (3) S
COPE OF ELECTION .—Subparagraph (A) of section 402(c)(2) of such Act is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any electing person or other entity may provide that the election under subsection (a) shall apply (during the period in which the election is in effect)— ‘‘(i) to all its hiring (and all recruitment or referral); ‘‘(ii) to all its hiring (and all recruitment or referral and all individuals employed by the person or entity); ‘‘(iii) to all its hiring (and all recruitment or referral) in one or more States or one or more places of hiring (or recruitment or re-ferral, as the case may be); or ‘‘(iv) to all its hiring (and all recruitment or referral and all individuals employed by the person or entity) in one or more States or one or more place of hiring (or recruit-ment or referral or employment, as the case may be).’’. (4) P
ROCEDURES FOR PARTICIPANTS IN E - 
VERIFY PROGRAM .—Subsection (a) of section 403 of such Act is amended— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘or continued employment in the United States’’ after ‘‘United States’’; and (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking all that follows ‘‘(as specified by the Secretary of Homeland Security)’’ and inserting ‘‘after the date of the hiring, or recruitment or re-ferral, in the case of inquiries made pursuant to a hiring, recruitment or referral (and not of previously hired individuals).’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘such 3 working days’’ and inserting ‘‘the specified period’’. (c) A
PPLICATION TO JOBAPPLICANTS .—Sec- tion 402(c)(2) of such Act is amended by add-ing at the end the following: ‘‘(C) J
OB OFFER MAY BE MADE CONDITIONAL  
ON FINAL CONFIRMATION BY E -VERIFY .—A per- son or other entity that elects to participate in the E-Verify Program may offer a prospec-tive employee an employment position con-ditioned on final verification of the identity and employment eligibility of the employee using the employment eligibility confirma-tion system established under section 404.’’. Subtitle B—Sanctuary Cities and State and Local Law Enforcement Cooperation 
SEC. 2201. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘No Sanctuary for Criminals Act’’. SEC. 2202. STATE NONCOMPLIANCE WITH EN-FORCEMENT OF IMMIGRATION LAW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) is amend-ed— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no Federal, State, or local government entity, and no individual, may prohibit or in any way restrict, a Federal, State, or local government entity, official, or other per-sonnel from complying with the immigration laws (as defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))), or from assisting or cooperating with Federal law enforcement entities, offi-cials, or other personnel regarding the en-forcement of these laws. ‘‘(b) L
AWENFORCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Not- withstanding any other provision of Federal, State, or local law, no Federal, State, or local government entity, and no individual, may prohibit, or in any way restrict, a Fed-eral, State, or local government entity, offi-cial, or other personnel from undertaking any of the following law enforcement activi-ties relating to information regarding the citizenship or immigration status, the inad-missibility, the deportability, or the custody status, of any individual: ‘‘(1) Making inquiries to any individual in order to obtain such information regarding such individual or any other individuals. ‘‘(2) Notifying the Federal Government re-garding the presence of individuals who are encountered by law enforcement officials or other personnel of a State or political sub-division of a State. ‘‘(3) Complying with requests for such in-formation from Federal law enforcement en-tities, officials, or other personnel.’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Immigra-tion and Naturalization Service’’ and insert-ing ‘‘Department of Homeland Security’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) C
OMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN GRANT PRO -
GRAMS .—A State, or a political subdivision of a State, that is not in compliance with sub-section (a) or (b) is not eligible to receive— ‘‘(A) any of the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State or political subdivi-sion under section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)), the ‘Cops on the Beat’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10381 et seq.), or the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10151 et seq.); or ‘‘(B) any other grant administered by the Department of Justice that is substantially related to law enforcement (including en-forcement of the immigration laws), immi-gration, enforcement of the immigration laws, or naturalization or administered by the Department of Homeland Security that is substantially related to immigration, the enforcement of the immigration laws, or nat-uralization. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY OF ALIENS PEND -
ING REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—The Secretary, at the Secretary’s discretion, may decline to transfer an alien in the custody of the De-partment of Homeland Security to a State or political subdivision of a State that is not in compliance with subsection (a) or (b), re-gardless of whether the State or political subdivision of the State has issued a writ or warrant. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY OF CERTAIN  
ALIENS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not transfer an alien with a final order of re-moval pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) or (5) of section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) to a State or a political subdivision of a State that is not in compliance with subsection (a) or (b). ‘‘(4) ANNUAL DETERMINATION .—The Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(A) determine, for each calendar year, which States or political subdivisions of a State are not in compliance with subsection (a) or (b); and ‘‘(B) report such determinations to Con-gress not later than March 1 of the suc-ceeding calendar year. ‘‘(5) N
ONCOMPLIANCE REPORTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall issue a report concerning the compliance with subsections (a) and (b) of any particular State or political subdivi-sion of a State at the request of the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the Senate or the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(B) T
ERM OF INELIGIBILITY .—Any jurisdic-tion that is not in compliance with sub-section (a) or (b) shall be ineligible to receive the Federal financial assistance described in paragraph (1) for at least 1 year. ‘‘(C) C
ERTIFICATION .—Any jurisdiction sub-ject to paragraph (1) is not eligible to receive the Federal financial assistance described in such paragraph until after the Secretary of Homeland Security certifies that the juris-diction has come into compliance with sub-sections (a) and (b). ‘‘(6) R
EALLOCATION .—Any funds that are not allocated to a State or to a political sub-division of a State due to the failure of the State or of the political subdivision of the State to comply with subsection (a) or (b) shall be reallocated to States or to political subdivisions of States that comply with both such subsections. ‘‘(e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this sec-tion may be construed to require law en-forcement officials from States, or from po-litical subdivisions of States, to report or ar-rest victims or witnesses of a criminal of-fense.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, except that section 642(d) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996, as added by subsection (a)(3), shall only apply to prohibited acts committed on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 2203. CLARIFYING THE AUTHORITY OF U.S. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS EN-FORCEMENT DETAINERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 287(d) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) D
ETAINER OF INADMISSIBLE OR DEPORT -
ABLE ALIENS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—If an individual is ar-rested by any Federal, State, or local law en-forcement official or other personnel for the alleged violation of any criminal or motor vehicle law, the Secretary may issue a de-tainer regarding the individual to any Fed-eral, State, or local law enforcement entity, official, or other personnel if the Secretary has probable cause to believe that the indi-vidual is an inadmissible or deportable alien. ‘‘(2) P
ROBABLE CAUSE .—Probable cause is established under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the individual who is the subject of the detainer— ‘‘(i) matches, pursuant to biometric con-firmation or other Federal database records, the identity of an alien who the Secretary has reasonable grounds to believe to be inad-missible or deportable; ‘‘(ii) is the subject of ongoing removal pro-ceedings, including matters where a charging document has already been served; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00123 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1052 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(iii) has previously been ordered removed from the United States and such an order is administratively final; or ‘‘(iv) has made voluntary statements or provided reliable evidence that indicate that they are an inadmissible or deportable alien; or ‘‘(B) the Secretary has reasonable grounds to believe that the individual who is the sub-ject of the detainer is an inadmissible or de-portable alien. ‘‘(3) T
RANSFER OF CUSTODY .—If the Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity, offi-cial, or other personnel to whom a detainer is issued complies with the detainer and de-tains for purposes of transfer of custody to the Department of Homeland Security the individual who is the subject of the detainer, the Department may take custody of the in-dividual within 48 hours (excluding weekends and holidays), but in no instance more than 96 hours, following the date that the indi-vidual is otherwise to be released from the custody of the relevant Federal, State, or local law enforcement entity.’’. (b) I
MMUNITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—A State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), and a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, acting in compliance with a Department of Homeland Security detainer issued pursuant to this section who temporarily holds an alien in its custody pursuant to the terms of a detainer so that the alien may be taken into the cus-tody of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, shall be considered to be acting under color of Federal authority for purposes of de-termining their liability and shall be held harmless for their compliance with the de-tainer in any suit seeking any punitive, com-pensatory, or other monetary damages. (2) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT AS DEFENDANT .— In any civil action arising out of the compli-ance with a Department of Homeland Secu-rity detainer by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention, the United States Government shall be the proper party named as the defendant in the suit in regard to the detention resulting from compliance with the detainer. (3) B
AD FAITH EXCEPTION .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to any mistreatment of an individual by a State or a political sub-division of a State (and the officials and per-sonnel of the State or subdivision acting in their official capacities), or a nongovern-mental entity (and its personnel) contracted by the State or political subdivision for the purpose of providing detention. (c) P
RIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .— (1) C
AUSE OF ACTION .—Any individual, or a spouse, parent, or child of that individual (if the individual is deceased), who is the victim of a murder, rape, or any felony, as defined by the State, for which an alien (as defined in section 101(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(3))) has been convicted and sentenced to a term of impris-onment of at least 1 year, may bring an ac-tion against a State, a political subdivision of a State, or a public official, acting in an official capacity, in the appropriate Federal court if the State or political subdivision, except as provided in paragraph (3)— (A) released the alien from custody prior to the commission of such crime as a con-sequence of the State or political subdivi-sion’s declining to honor a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)); (B) has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice not in compliance with section 642 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) as amended, and as a consequence of its stat-ute, policy, or practice, released the alien from custody before the commission of such crime; or (C) has in effect a statute, policy, or prac-tice requiring a subordinate political sub-division to decline to honor any or all de-tainers issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)), and, as a consequence of its statute, policy or practice, the subordinate political subdivision declined to honor a de-tainer issued pursuant to such section, and as a consequence released the alien from cus-tody before the commission of such crime. (2) LIMITATIONS ON BRINGING ACTION .—An action may not be brought under this sub-section later than 10 years after the occur-rence of the crime, or the death of a person as a result of such crime, whichever occurs later. (3) P
ROPER DEFENDANT .—If a State or a po-litical subdivision of a State has in effect a statute or other legal requirement prohib-iting political entities within its jurisdiction from honoring a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)) or from fully complying with section 642 of the Ille-gal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1373) and a political entity declines to honor such a de-tainer against an alien described in para-graph (1) based on such statute or legal re-quirement and releases such alien before the alien commits a crime referred to in such paragraph— (A) the State or political subdivision that enacted such statute or legal requirement shall be deemed to be the proper defendant in a cause of action under paragraph (1); and (B) no such cause of action may be main-tained against the political entity that de-clined to honor the detainer. (4) A
TTORNEY ’S FEE AND OTHER COSTS .—In any action or proceeding under this sub-section, the court shall allow a prevailing plaintiff a reasonable attorneys’ fee as part of the costs, including expert fees. (d) E
LIGIBILITY FOR CERTAIN GRANT PRO-
GRAMS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), a State or political subdivi-sion of a State that has in effect a statute, policy, or practice that prohibits it from complying with any or all Department of Homeland Security detainers issued pursu-ant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)) shall not be eligible to receive— (A) any of the funds that would otherwise be allocated to the State or political subdivi-sion under section 241(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(i)), the ‘‘Cops on the Beat’’ program under part Q of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10301 et seq.), or the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant Program under subpart 1 of part E of title I of the Omnibus Crime Con-trol and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10151 et seq.); or (B) any other grant administered by the Department of Justice that is substantially related to law enforcement (including en-forcement of the immigration laws), immi-gration, or naturalization or grant adminis-tered by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity that is substantially related to immi-gration, enforcement of the immigration laws, or naturalization. (2) EXCEPTION .—A political entity de-scribed in subsection (c)(3) that declines to honor a detainer issued pursuant to section 287(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(d)(1)) as a consequence of being required to comply with a statute or other legal requirement of a State or an-other political subdivision with jurisdiction over that political subdivision, shall remain eligible to receive grant funds described in paragraph (1), but the State or political sub-division that enacted such statute or other legal requirement shall not be eligible to re-ceive such funds. 
SEC. 2204. SARAH AND GRANT’S LAW. 
(a) D ETENTION OF ALIENS DURING REMOVAL  P
ROCEEDINGS .— (1) C
LERICAL AMENDMENTS .—Section 236 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears (except in the second place that term appears in subsection (a)) and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; and (ii) in paragraph (2), by amending subpara-graph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) recognizance; and’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘parole’’ and inserting ‘‘recognizance’’; and (D) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’s’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’s’’. (2) D
ETENTION OF CRIMINAL ALIENS .—Sec- tion 236(c)(1) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (C) subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sentence to a term of imprisonment of at least 1 year, or’’ and inserting ‘‘sentenced to a term of imprisonment of at least 1 year;’’; (D) in subparagraph (D), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (E) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) is unlawfully present in the United States and has been convicted for driving while intoxicated (including a conviction for driving while under the influence or im-paired by alcohol or drugs) without regard to whether the conviction is classified as a mis-demeanor or felony under State law; ‘‘(F)(i)(I) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(6)(i); ‘‘(II) is deportable by reason of a visa rev-ocation under section 221(i); or ‘‘(III) is deportable under section 237(a)(1)(C)(i); and ‘‘(ii) has been arrested or charged with a particularly serious crime or a crime result-ing in the death or serious bodily injury (as defined in section 1365(h)(3) of title 18, United States Code) of another person; or’’; and (F) by striking the undesignated matter at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘any time after the alien is released, with-out regard to whether an alien is released re-lated to any activity, offense, or conviction described in this paragraph whether the alien is released on parole, supervised re-lease, or probation, or whether the alien may be arrested or imprisoned again for the same offense, and, if the activity described in this paragraph does not result in the alien being taken into custody by any person other than the Secretary, the Secretary shall take such alien into custody when the alien is brought to the attention of the Secretary or when the Secretary determines it is practical to take such alien into custody.’’. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00124 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1053 February 14, 2018 
(3) L ENGTH OF DETENTION ; ADMINISTRATIVE  
REVIEW .—Section 236 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1226) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(f) L
ENGTH OF DETENTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, an alien may be detained, and, if the alien is described in subsection (c), shall be detained, under this section without time limitation, except as provided in subsection (h), during the pend-ency of removal proceedings. ‘‘(2) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The length of deten-tion under this section shall not affect a de-tention under section 241. ‘‘(g) A
DMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .—The Attor-ney General’s review of the Secretary’s cus-tody determinations under subsection (a) shall be limited to whether the alien may be detained, released on bond (of at least $1,500 with security approved by the Secretary), or released with no bond if the alien— ‘‘(1) is in exclusion proceedings; ‘‘(2) is described in section 212(a)(3) or 237(a)(4); or ‘‘(3) is described in subsection (c). ‘‘(h) R
ELEASE ON BOND.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien detained under subsection (a) may seek release on bond. Bond may not be granted unless the alien es-tablishes, by clear and convincing evidence, that the alien is not a flight risk or a danger to another person or to the community. ‘‘(2) C
ERTAIN ALIENS INELIGIBLE .—An alien detained under subsection (c) may not seek release on bond.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to any alien in detention under section 236 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as amended, or otherwise subject to the provisions of such section, on or after such date. 
SEC. 2205. CLARIFICATION OF CONGRESSIONAL INTENT. 
Section 287(g) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘may enter’’ and all that follows through the pe-riod at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘shall enter into a written agreement with a State, or any political subdivision of a State, upon request of the State or political sub-division, pursuant to which officers or em-ployees of the State or subdivision, who are determined by the Secretary to be qualified to perform a function of an immigration offi-cer in relation to the investigation, appre-hension, or detention of aliens in the United States (including the transportation of such aliens across State lines to detention cen-ters), may carry out such function at the ex-pense of the State or political subdivision and to the extent consistent with State and local law. No request from a bona fide State or political subdivision or bona fide law en-forcement agency shall be denied absent a compelling reason. No limit on the number of agreements under this subsection may be imposed. The Secretary shall process re-quests for such agreements with all due haste, and in no case shall take not more than 90 days from the date the request is made until the agreement is consummated.’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (2) as para-graph (5); (3) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (10) as paragraphs (7) through (14), respec-tively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) An agreement under this subsection shall accommodate a requesting State or po-litical subdivision with respect to the en-forcement model or combination of models, and shall accommodate a patrol model, task force model, jail model, any combination thereof, or any other reasonable model the State or political subdivision believes is best suited to the immigration enforcement needs of its jurisdiction. ‘‘(3) No Federal program or technology di-rected broadly at identifying inadmissible or deportable aliens shall substitute for such agreements, including those establishing a jail model, and shall operate in addition to any agreement under this subsection. ‘‘(4)(A) No agreement under this subsection shall be terminated absent a compelling rea-son. ‘‘(B)(i) The Secretary shall provide a State or political subdivision written notice of in-tent to terminate at least 180 days prior to date of intended termination, and the notice shall fully explain the grounds for termi-nation, along with providing evidence sub-stantiating the Secretary’s allegations. ‘‘(ii) The State or political subdivision shall have the right to a hearing before an administrative law judge and, if the ruling is against the State or political subdivision, to appeal the ruling to the Federal Circuit Court of Appeals and, if the ruling is against the State or political subdivision, to petition the Supreme Court for certiorari. ‘‘(C) The agreement shall remain in full ef-fect during the course of any and all legal proceedings.’’; and (5) by inserting after paragraph (5), as re-designated, the following: ‘‘(6) The Secretary of Homeland Security shall make training of State and local law enforcement officers available through as many means as possible, including through residential training at the Center for Domes-tic Preparedness and the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center, onsite training held at State or local police agencies or fa-cilities, online training courses by computer, teleconferencing, and videotape, or the dig-ital video display (DVD) of a training course or courses. Distance learning through a se-cure, encrypted, distributed learning system that has all its servers based in the United States, is scalable, survivable, and can have a portal in place not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of the Securing America’s Future Act of 2018, shall be made available by the COPS Office of the Depart-ment of Justice and the Federal Law En-forcement Training Center Distributed Learning Program for State and local law enforcement personnel. Preference shall be given to private sector-based, web-based im-migration enforcement training programs for which the Federal Government has al-ready provided support to develop.’’. 
SEC. 2206. PENALTIES FOR ILLEGAL ENTRY OR PRESENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 275 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 275. ILLEGAL ENTRY OR PRESENCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) I
LLEGAL ENTRY OR PRESENCE .—An alien shall be subject to the penalties set forth in paragraph (2) if the alien knowingly— ‘‘(A) enters or crosses the border into the United States at any time or place other than as designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security; ‘‘(B) eludes, at any time or place, examina-tion or inspection by an authorized immigra-tion, customs, or agriculture officer (includ-ing by failing to stop at the command of such officer); ‘‘(C) enters or crosses the border to the United States and, upon examination or in-spection, knowingly makes a false or mis-leading representation or the knowing con-cealment of a material fact (including such representation or concealment in the con-text of arrival, reporting, entry, or clearance requirements of the customs laws, immigra-tion laws, agriculture laws, or shipping laws); ‘‘(D) violates the terms or conditions of the alien’s admission or parole into the United States and has remained in violation for an aggregate period of 90 days or more; or ‘‘(E) is unlawfully present in the United States (as defined in section 212(a)(9)(B)) and has remained in violation for an aggregate period of 90 days or more. ‘‘(2) CRIMINAL PENALTIES .—Any alien who violates any provision under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall, for the first violation, be fined under title 18, United States Code, impris-oned not more than 6 months, or both; ‘‘(B) shall, for a second or subsequent vio-lation, or following an order of voluntary de-parture, be fined under such title, impris-oned not more than 2 years (or not more than 6 months in the case of a second or sub-sequent violation of paragraph (1)(E)), or both; ‘‘(C) if the violation occurred after the alien had been convicted of 3 or more mis-demeanors or for a felony, shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(D) if the violation occurred after the alien had been convicted of a felony for which the alien received a term of imprison-ment of not less than 30 months, shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; and ‘‘(E) if the violation occurred after the alien had been convicted of a felony for which the alien received a term of imprison-ment of not less than 60 months, such alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both. ‘‘(3) P
RIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convic-tions described in subparagraphs (C) through (E) of paragraph (2) are elements of the of-fenses described and the penalties in such subparagraphs shall apply only in cases in which the conviction or convictions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(A) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(B) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(4) D
URATION OF OFFENSE .—An offense under this subsection continues until the alien is discovered within the United States by an immigration, customs, or agriculture officer, or until the alien is granted a valid visa or relief from removal. ‘‘(5) A
TTEMPT .—Whoever attempts to com-mit any offense under this section shall be punished in the same manner as for a com-pletion of such offense. ‘‘(b) I
MPROPER TIME OR PLACE ; CIVIL PEN-
ALTIES .—Any alien who is apprehended while entering, attempting to enter, or knowingly crossing or attempting to cross the border to the United States at a time or place other than as designated by immigration officers shall be subject to a civil penalty, in addi-tion to any criminal or other civil penalties that may be imposed under any other provi-sion of law, in an amount equal to— ‘‘(1) not less than $50 or more than $250 for each such entry, crossing, attempted entry, or attempted crossing; or ‘‘(2) twice the amount specified in para-graph (1) if the alien had previously been subject to a civil penalty under this sub-section.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by striking the item relating to section 275 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 275. Illegal entry or presence.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATES AND APPLICABILITY .— (1) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .—Section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00125 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1054 February 14, 2018 
amended by subsection (a), shall take effect on the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply to acts, conditions, or violations described in such section 275(a) that occur or exist on or after such effective date. (2) C
IVIL PENALTIES .—Section 275(b) of such Act, as amended by subsection (a), shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts described in such section 275(b) that occur before, on, or after such date. Subtitle C—Criminal Aliens 
SEC. 2301. PRECLUDING ADMISSIBILITY OF ALIENS CONVICTED OF AGGRA-VATED FELONIES OR OTHER SERI-OUS OFFENSES. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY ON CRIMINAL AND RE-
LATED GROUNDS ; W AIVERS .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)(i)— (i) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subclause (II), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iii) by inserting after subclause (II) the following: ‘‘(III) a violation of (or a conspiracy or at-tempt to violate) an offense described in sec-tion 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to social security account num-bers or social security cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents, authentication features, and information); or’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) P
ROCUREMENT OF CITIZENSHIP OR NATU -
RALIZATION UNLAWFULLY .—Any alien con-victed of, who admits having committed, or who admits committing acts constituting the essential elements of, a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, sub-section (a) or (b) of section 1425 of title 18, United States Code (relating to the procure-ment of citizenship or naturalization unlaw-fully) is inadmissible. ‘‘(K) C
ERTAIN FIREARM OFFENSES .—Any alien who at any time has been convicted under any law of, or who admits having com-mitted or admits committing acts which constitute the essential elements of, pur-chasing, selling, offering for sale, exchang-ing, using, owning, possessing, or carrying, or of attempting or conspiring to purchase, sell, offer for sale, exchange, use, own, pos-sess, or carry, any weapon, part, or accessory which is a firearm or destructive device (as defined in section 921(a) of title 18, United States Code) in violation of any law is inad-missible. ‘‘(L) A
GGRAVATED FELONS .—Any alien who has been convicted of an aggravated felony at any time is inadmissible. ‘‘(M) C
RIMES OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALK -
ING, OR VIOLATION OF PROTECTION ORDERS , 
CRIMES AGAINST CHILDREN .— ‘‘(i) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE , STALKING , AND 
CHILD ABUSE .—Any alien who at any time is convicted of, or who admits committing acts constituting the essential elements of, a crime of domestic violence, a crime of stalk-ing, or a crime of child abuse, child neglect, or child abandonment is inadmissible. In this clause, the term ‘crime of domestic violence’ means any crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code) against a person committed by a current or former spouse of the person, by an individual with whom the person shares a child in com-mon, by an individual who is cohabiting with or has cohabited with the person as a spouse, by an individual similarly situated to a spouse of the person under the domestic or family violence laws of the jurisdiction where the offense occurs, or by any other in-dividual against a person who is protected from that individual’s acts under the domes-tic or family violence laws of the United States or any State, Indian tribal govern-ment, or unit of local or foreign government. ‘‘(ii) VIOLATORS OF PROTECTION ORDERS .— Any alien who at any time is enjoined under a protection order issued by a court and whom the court determines has engaged in conduct that violates the portion of a protec-tion order that involves protection against credible threats of violence, repeated harass-ment, or bodily injury to the person or per-sons for whom the protection order was issued is inadmissible. In this clause, the term ‘protection order’ means any injunc-tion issued for the purpose of preventing vio-lent or threatening acts of domestic vio-lence, including temporary or final orders issued by civil or criminal courts (other than support or child custody orders or provi-sions) whether obtained by filing an inde-pendent action or as a independent order in another proceeding. ‘‘(iii) W
AIVER AUTHORIZED .—The waiver au-thority available under section 237(a)(7) with respect to section 237(a)(2)(E)(i) shall be available on a comparable basis with respect to this subparagraph. ‘‘(iv) C
LARIFICATION .—If the conviction records do not conclusively establish wheth-er a crime of domestic violence constitutes a crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code), the Attorney General may consider other evidence related to the conviction that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged con-stitutes a crime of violence.’’; and (2) in subsection (h)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Attorney General may, in his discretion, waive the application of subparagraphs (A)(i)(I), (B), (D), and (E) of subsection (a)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘The Attor-ney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security may, in the discretion of the Attor-ney General or the Secretary, waive the ap-plication of subparagraphs (A)(i)(I), (III), (B), (D), (E), (K), and (M) of subsection (a)(2)’’; (B) by striking ‘‘a criminal act involving torture.’’ and inserting ‘‘a criminal act in-volving torture, or has been convicted of an aggravated felony.’’; (C) by striking ‘‘if either since the date of such admission the alien has been convicted of an aggravated felony or the alien’’ and in-serting ‘‘if since the date of such admission the alien’’; and (D) by inserting ‘‘or Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘the Attorney General’’ each place it appears. (b) D
EPORTABILITY ; CRIMINAL OFFENSES .— Section 237(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (3) in clause (iii), by striking the comma at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by inserting after clause (iii) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iv) of a violation of, or an attempt or a conspiracy to violate, section 1425(a) or (b) of title 18 (relating to the procurement of citi-zenship or naturalization unlawfully),’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY ; OTHER CRIMINAL OF-
FENSES .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(G) F
RAUD AND RELATED ACTIVITY ASSOCI -
ATED WITH SOCIAL SECURITY ACT BENEFITS AND  
IDENTIFICATION DOCUMENTS .—Any alien who at any time after admission has been con-victed of a violation of (or a conspiracy or attempt to violate) section 208 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 408) (relating to so-cial security account numbers or social secu-rity cards) or section 1028 of title 18, United States Code (relating to fraud and related ac-tivity in connection with identification) is deportable.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply— (1) to any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) to all aliens who are required to estab-lish admissibility on or after such date, and in all removal, deportation, or exclusion pro-ceedings that are filed, pending, or reopened, on or after such date. (e) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The amendments made by subsection (a) may not be construed to create eligibility for relief from removal under section 212(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as in effect on the day be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, if such eligibility did not exist before the amendments made by subsection (a) became effective. 
SEC. 2302. INCREASED PENALTIES BARRING THE ADMISSION OF CONVICTED SEX OF-FENDERS FAILING TO REGISTER AND REQUIRING DEPORTATION OF SEX OFFENDERS FAILING TO REG-ISTER. 
(a) I NADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)(i)), as amended by sec-tion 2301, is further amended by inserting after subclause (III) the following: ‘‘(IV) a violation of section 2250 of title 18, United States Code (relating to failure to register as a sex offender),’’. (b) D
EPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of such Act, as amended by section 2201, is fur-ther amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking clause (v); and (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (v); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) F
AILURE TO REGISTER AS A SEX OF -
FENDER .—Any alien convicted of, or who ad-mits having committed, or who admits com-mitting acts which constitute the essential elements of a violation of section 2250 of title 18, United States Code (relating to failure to register as a sex offender) is deportable.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2303. GROUNDS OF INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORTABILITY FOR ALIEN GANG MEMBERS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF GANG MEMBER .—Section 101(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) The term ‘criminal gang’ means an ongoing group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons that has, as a primary purpose, the commission of 1 or more of the criminal offenses listed in sub-paragraphs (A) through (G), whether in vio-lation of Federal or State law or foreign law and regardless of whether the offenses oc-curred before, on, or after the date of the en-actment of this paragraph, and the members of which engage, or have engaged within the past 5 years, in a continuing series of such offenses, or that has been designated as a criminal gang by the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General, as meeting such criteria. ‘‘(A) A felony drug offense (as defined in section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 802)). ‘‘(B) A felony offense involving firearms or explosives or in violation of section 931 of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00126 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1055 February 14, 2018 
title 18, United States Code (relating to pur-chase, ownership, or possession of body armor by violent felons). ‘‘(C) An offense under section 274 (relating to bringing in and harboring certain aliens), section 277 (relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States), or section 278 (relating to importation of alien for immoral purpose). ‘‘(D) A crime of violence (as defined in sec-tion 16 of title 18, United States Code). ‘‘(E) A crime involving obstruction of jus-tice, tampering with or retaliating against a witness, victim, or informant. ‘‘(F) Any conduct punishable under sec-tions 1028A and 1029 of title 18, United States Code (relating to aggravated identity theft or fraud and related activity in connection with identification documents or access de-vices), sections 1581 through 1594 of such title (relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons), section 1951 of such title (relat-ing to interference with commerce by threats or violence), section 1952 of such title (relating to interstate and foreign travel or transportation in aid of racketeering enter-prises), section 1956 of such title (relating to the laundering of monetary instruments), section 1957 of such title (relating to engag-ing in monetary transactions in property de-rived from specified unlawful activity), or sections 2312 through 2315 of such title (relat-ing to interstate transportation of stolen motor vehicles or stolen property). ‘‘(G) A conspiracy to commit an offense de-scribed in subparagraphs (A) through (F).’’. (b) I
NADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by sections 2201 and 2302, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(N) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An alien is inadmissible if a consular officer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Attorney General knows or has reason to be-lieve that the alien— ‘‘(I) is or has been a member of a criminal gang; or ‘‘(II) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang. ‘‘(ii) P
ROMOTION OR CONSPIRACY .—Any alien for whom a consular officer, an immigration officer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Attorney General has reasonable grounds to believe has participated in, been a member of, promoted, or conspired with a criminal gang, either inside or outside of the United States, is inadmissible. ‘‘(iii) I
NTENT OF ENTRY .—Any alien for whom a consular officer, an immigration of-ficer, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or the Attorney General has reasonable grounds to believe seeks to enter the United States or has entered the United States in further-ance of the activities of a criminal gang, ei-ther inside or outside of the United States, is inadmissible.’’. (c) D
EPORTABILITY .—Section 237(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amend-ed by section 2301 and 2302, is further amend-ed by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) A
LIENS ASSOCIATED WITH CRIMINAL  
GANGS .—An alien is deportable if the alien— ‘‘(i) is or has been a member of a criminal gang; or ‘‘(ii) has participated in the activities of a criminal gang, knowing or having reason to know that such activities will promote, fur-ther, aid, or support the illegal activity of the criminal gang.’’. (d) D
ESIGNATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 2 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended by inserting after section 219 the following: ‘‘SEC. 220. DESIGNATION OF CRIMINAL GANG. 
‘‘(a) D ESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the At-torney General, may designate a group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more per-sons as a criminal gang if the Secretary de-termines that the conduct of such entity is described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .— ‘‘(A) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 7 days before making a designation under para-graph (1), the Secretary, through classified written communication, shall notify the Speaker and the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, the President pro tempore, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the Senate, and the members of the relevant committees of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Senate, of the intent to designate a group, club, organization, or as-sociation of 5 or more persons as a criminal gang under paragraph (1) and the justifica-tion for such designation. ‘‘(B) P
UBLICATION IN THE FEDERAL REG -
ISTER .—The Secretary shall publish the des-ignation in the Federal Register seven days after providing the notification under sub-paragraph (A). ‘‘(3) R
ECORD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—In making a designation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall cre-ate an administrative record. ‘‘(B) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a designation under paragraph (1). Classified information shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classi-fied, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under sub-section (c). ‘‘(4) P
ERIOD OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—A designation under paragraph (1) shall be effective for all pur-poses until revoked under paragraph (5) or (6) or set aside under subsection (c). ‘‘(B) R
EVIEW OF DESIGNATION UPON PETI -
TION.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-view the designation of a criminal gang in accordance with clauses (iii) and (iv) if the designated group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons files a petition for revocation within the petition period de-scribed in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) P
ETITION PERIOD .— ‘‘(I) If a designated group, club, organiza-tion, or association of 5 or more persons has not previously filed a petition for revocation under clause (i), the petition period begins 2 years after the date on which the designa-tion was made. ‘‘(II) If the designated group, club, organi-zation, or association of 5 or more persons has previously filed a petition for revocation under clause (i), the petition period begins 2 years after the date of the determination made under clause (iv) on that petition. ‘‘(iii) P
ROCEDURES .—Any group, club, orga-nization, or association of 5 or more persons that submits a petition for revocation under this subparagraph of its designation as a criminal gang shall provide evidence in that petition that it is not described in section 101(a)(53). ‘‘(iv) D
ETERMINATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after receiving a petition for revocation under clause (i), the Secretary shall make a determination regarding the revocation sought by such petition. ‘‘(II) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec- retary may consider classified information in making a determination in response to a petition for revocation. Classified informa-tion shall not be subject to disclosure for such time as it remains classified, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under subsection (c). ‘‘(III) PUBLICATION OF DETERMINATION .—A determination made by the Secretary under this clause shall be published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(IV) P
ROCEDURES .—Any revocation by the Secretary shall be made in accordance with paragraph (6). ‘‘(C) O
THER REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If no review takes place under subparagraph (B) during any 5-year pe-riod, the Secretary shall review the designa-tion of the criminal gang to determine whether such designation should be revoked pursuant to paragraph (6). ‘‘(ii) P
ROCEDURES .—If a review does not take place under subparagraph (B) in re-sponse to a petition for revocation under that subparagraph, a review shall be con-ducted pursuant to procedures established by the Secretary. The results of such review and the applicable procedures shall not be re-viewable in any court. ‘‘(iii) P
UBLICATION OF RESULTS OF REVIEW .— The Secretary shall publish any determina-tion made under this subparagraph in the Federal Register. ‘‘(5) R
EVOCATION BY ACT OF CONGRESS .— Congress may block or revoke a designation made under paragraph (1) by an Act of Con-gress. ‘‘(6) R
EVOCATION BASED ON CHANGE IN CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-voke a designation made under paragraph (1) at any time, and shall revoke a designation upon completion of a review conducted pur-suant to subparagraphs (B) and (C) of para-graph (4) if the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) the group, club, organization, or asso-ciation of 5 or more persons that has been designated as a criminal gang is no longer described in section 101(a)(53); or ‘‘(ii) the national security or the law en-forcement interests of the United States warrants a revocation. ‘‘(B) P
ROCEDURE .—The procedural require-ments of paragraphs (2) and (3) shall apply to a revocation under this paragraph. Any rev-ocation shall take effect on the date speci-fied in the revocation or upon publication in the Federal Register if no effective date is specified. ‘‘(7) E
FFECT OF REVOCATION .—The revoca-tion of a designation under paragraph (5) or (6) shall not affect any action or proceeding based on conduct committed prior to the ef-fective date of such revocation. ‘‘(8) U
SE OF DESIGNATION IN TRIAL OR HEAR -
ING.—If a designation under this subsection becomes effective under paragraph (2), an alien in a removal proceeding may not raise any question concerning the validity of such designation as a defense or an objection. ‘‘(b) A
MENDMENTS TO A DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may amend a designation under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that the group, club, organization, or association of 5 or more persons has changed its name, adopted a new alias, dissolved and then reconstituted itself under a different name or names, or merged with another group, club, organiza-tion, or association of 5 or more persons. ‘‘(2) P
ROCEDURE .—Amendments made to a designation under paragraph (1) shall be ef-fective upon the publication of such amend-ments in the Federal Register. Paragraphs (2), (4), (5), (6), (7), and (8) of subsection (a) shall apply to an amended designation. ‘‘(3) A
DMINISTRATIVE RECORD .—The admin-istrative record shall be corrected to include the amendments made under paragraph (1) 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00127 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1056 February 14, 2018 
and any additional relevant information that supports such amendments. ‘‘(4) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The Sec-retary may consider classified information in amending a designation under this sub-section. Classified information may not be subject to disclosure while it remains classi-fied, except that such information may be disclosed to a court ex parte and in camera for purposes of judicial review under sub-section (c). ‘‘(c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW OF DESIGNATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a designation, an amended designation, or a determination in response to a petition for revocation, the designated group, club, orga-nization, or association of 5 or more persons may seek judicial review in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(2) B
ASIS OF REVIEW .—Review under this subsection shall be based solely upon the ad-ministrative record, except that the Govern-ment may submit, for ex parte and in camera review, classified information used in mak-ing the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(3) S
COPE OF REVIEW .—The Court shall hold unlawful and set aside a designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation that the court finds to be— ‘‘(A) arbitrary, capricious, an abuse of dis-cretion, or otherwise not in accordance with law; ‘‘(B) contrary to constitutional right, power, privilege, or immunity; ‘‘(C) in excess of statutory jurisdiction, au-thority, or limitation, or short of statutory right; ‘‘(D) lacking substantial support in the ad-ministrative record taken as a whole or in classified information submitted to the court under paragraph (2); or ‘‘(E) not in accord with the procedures re-quired by law. ‘‘(4) J
UDICIAL REVIEW INVOKED .—The pend-ency of an action for judicial review of a des-ignation, amended designation, or deter-mination in response to a petition for rev-ocation shall not affect the application of this section, unless the court issues a final order setting aside the designation, amended designation, or determination in response to a petition for revocation. ‘‘(d) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
LASSIFIED INFORMATION .—The term ‘classified information’ has the meaning given that term in section 1(a) of the Classi-fied Information Procedures Act (18 U.S.C. App.). ‘‘(2) N
ATIONAL SECURITY .—The term ‘na-tional security’ means the national defense, foreign relations, or economic interests of the United States. ‘‘(3) R
ELEVANT COMMITTEES .—The term ‘rel-evant committees’ means the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General.’’. (2) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 219 the following: ‘‘Sec. 220. Designation of criminal gang.’’. (e) M
ANDATORY DETENTION OF CRIMINAL  G
ANGMEMBERS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 236(c)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1226(c)(1)), as amended by section 2204, is fur-ther amended by inserting after subpara-graph (F) the following: ‘‘(G) is inadmissible under section 212(a)(2)(J) or deportable under section 217(a)(2)(G),’’. (2) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1 of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annu-ally thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security, after consultation with the appro-priate Federal agencies, shall submit a re-port to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judici-ary of the House of Representatives that identifies the number of aliens detained dur-ing the reporting period as a result of the amendment made by paragraph (1). (f) A
SYLUM CLAIMS BASED ON GANGAFFILI -
ATION .— (1) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR ASYLUM .—Section 208(b)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (vi) as clause (vii); and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(vi) the alien is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or 237(a)(2)(G)(i); or’’. (2) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF RESTRICTION ON RE -
MOVAL TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1251(b)(3)(B)) is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘who is described in section 212(a)(2)(J)(i) or section 237(a)(2)(G)(i) or who is’’ after ‘‘to an alien’’. (g) T
EMPORARY PROTECTED STATUS .—Sec- tion 244 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subparagraph (c)(2)(B)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘, or’’ at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the alien is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or 237(a)(2)(G).’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respec-tively; and (C) in paragraph (3), as redesignated, by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Sec-retary of Homeland Security may detain an alien provided temporary protected status under this section whenever appropriate under any other provision of law.’’. (h) S
PECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE VISAS.— Section 101(a)(27)(J)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(iii)) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subclause (II), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) no alien who is, or at any time has been, described in section 212(a)(2)(J) or 237(a)(2)(G) shall be eligible for any immigra-tion benefit under this subparagraph;’’. (i) P
AROLE .—An alien described in section 212(a)(2)(N) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as added by subsection (b), shall not be eligible for parole under section 212(d)(5)(A) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)(A)) unless— (1) the alien is assisting or has assisted the United States Government in a law enforce-ment matter, including a criminal investiga-tion; and (2) the alien’s presence in the United States is required by the Government with respect to such assistance. (j) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2304. INADMISSIBILITY AND DEPORT-ABILITY OF DRUNK DRIVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)), is amended— (1) in subparagraph (T), by striking ‘‘and’’; (2) in subparagraph (U), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (U) the following: ‘‘(V)(i) a single conviction for driving while intoxicated (including a conviction for driv-ing while under the influence of or impair-ment by alcohol or drugs), when such im-paired driving was a cause of the serious bod-ily injury or death of another person; or ‘‘(ii) a second or subsequent conviction for driving while intoxicated (including a con-viction for driving under the influence of or impaired by alcohol or drugs).’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply to convictions entered on or after such date. 
SEC. 2305. DEFINITION OF AGGRAVATED FELONY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF AGGRAVATED FELONY .— Section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)), as amend-ed by section 2304, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The term ‘aggravated fel-ony’ means—’’ and inserting ‘‘Notwith-standing any other provision of law, the term ‘aggravated felony’ applies to an of-fense described in this paragraph, whether in violation of Federal or State law, or in viola-tion of the law of a foreign country for which the term of imprisonment was completed within the previous 15 years, even if the length of the term of imprisonment for the offense is based on recidivist or other en-hancements and regardless of whether the conviction was entered before, on, or after September 30, 1996, and means—’’; (2) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) an offense relating to murder, man-slaughter, homicide, rape (whether the vic-tim was conscious or unconscious), statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature in-volving a victim under 18 years of age;’’; (3) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘an offense relating to’’ before ‘‘illicit trafficking’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘, and any offense under State law relating to a controlled substance (as so classified under State law) that is clas-sified as a felony in that State, regardless of whether the substance is classified as a con-trolled substance under section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (8 U.S.C. 802)’’ be-fore the semicolon at the end; (4) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘an offense relating to’’ before ‘‘illicit traf-ficking in firearms’’; (5) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘or 2252’’ and inserting ‘‘2252, or 2252A’’; (6) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘for which the term of imprisonment at least one year;’’ and inserting ‘‘, including offenses of assault and battery under Federal or state law, for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year, except that if the conviction records do not conclusively establish wheth-er a crime constitutes a crime of violence, the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may con-sider other evidence related to the convic-tion that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime of violence;’’; (7) by amending subparagraph (G) to read as follows: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00128 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1057 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(G) an offense relating to a theft under State or Federal law (including theft by de-ceit, theft by fraud, and receipt of stolen property) regardless of whether any taking was temporary or permanent, or burglary of-fense under State or Federal law for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year, except that if the conviction records do not conclusively establish whether a crime con-stitutes a theft or burglary offense, the At-torney General or Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, as appropriate, may consider other evidence related to the conviction that es-tablishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a theft or bur-glary offense;’’; (8) in subparagraph (N)— (A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of’’; and (B) by inserting a semicolon at the end; (9) by amending subparagraph (O) to read as follows: ‘‘(O) an offense described in section 275 or 276 for which the term of imprisonment is at least 1 year;’’; (10) by amending subparagraph (P) to read as follows: ‘‘(P) an offense which is described in chap-ter 75 of title 18, United States Code, and for which the term of imprisonment is at least 12 months;’’; (11) by amending subparagraph (U) to read as follows: ‘‘(U) attempting or conspiring to commit an offense described in this paragraph, or aiding, abetting, counseling, procuring, com-manding, inducing, or soliciting the commis-sion of such an offense.’’; and (12) by striking the undesignated matter following subparagraph (U). (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE; A PPLICATION OF  A
MENDMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a)— (A) shall take effect on the date of the en-actment of this Act; and (B) shall apply to any act or conviction that occurred before, on, or after such date. (2) A
PPLICATION OF IIRIRA AMENDMENTS .— The amendments to section 101(a)(43) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)) made by section 321 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 110 Stat. 3009–627) shall continue to apply, whether the conviction was entered before, on, or after September 30, 1996. 
SEC. 2306. PRECLUDING WITHHOLDING OF RE-MOVAL FOR AGGRAVATED FELONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 241(b)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)(B)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iv), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by inserting after clause (iv) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(v) the alien is convicted of an aggravated felony.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to— (1) any act that occurred before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) all aliens who are required to establish admissibility on or after such date, and in all removal, deportation, or exclusion pro-ceedings that are filed, pending, or reopened on or after such date of enactment. 
SEC. 2307. PROTECTING IMMIGRANTS FROM CON-VICTED SEX OFFENDERS. 
(a) I MMIGRANTS .—Section 204(a)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(a)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by amending clause (viii) to read as follows: ‘‘(viii) Clause (i) shall not apply to a cit-izen of the United States who has been con-victed of an offense described in subpara-graph (A), (I), or (K) of section 101(a)(43), un-less the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discre-tion, determines that the citizen poses no risk to the alien with respect to whom a pe-tition described in clause (i) is filed.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)(i), by striking the second subclause (I) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(II) Subclause (I) shall not apply in the case of an alien admitted for permanent resi-dence who has been convicted of an offense described in subparagraph (A), (I), or (K) of section 101(a)(43), unless the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that the alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence poses no risk to the alien with re-spect to whom a petition described in sub-clause (I) is filed.’’. (b) NONIMMIGRANTS .—Section 101(a)(15)(K) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘204(a)(1)(A)(viii)(I))’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘204(a)(1)(A)(viii))’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to petitions filed on or after such date. 
SEC. 2308. CLARIFICATION TO CRIMES OF VIO-LENCE AND CRIMES INVOLVING MORAL TURPITUDE. 
(a) I NADMISSIBLE ALIENS .—Section 212(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) C
LARIFICATION .—For purposes of clause (i)(I), if the conviction records do not conclusively establish whether a crime con-stitutes a crime involving moral turpitude, the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may con-sider other evidence related to the convic-tion that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime involving moral turpitude.’’. (b) D
EPORTABLE ALIENS .— (1) G
ENERAL CRIMES .—Section 237(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(A)), as amended by section 2302(b), is further amended by inserting after clause (v), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(vi) C
RIMES INVOLVING MORAL TURPI -
TUDE .—If the conviction records do not con-clusively establish whether a crime con-stitutes a crime involving moral turpitude, the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may con-sider other evidence related to the convic-tion that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime involving moral turpitude.’’. (2) D
OMESTIC VIOLENCE .—Section 237(a)(2)(E) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(iii) C
RIMES OF VIOLENCE .—For purposes of clause (i), if the conviction records do not conclusively establish whether a crime of do-mestic violence constitutes a crime of vio-lence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code), the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as appropriate, may consider other evidence re-lated to the conviction that establishes that the conduct for which the alien was engaged constitutes a crime of violence.’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to acts that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2309. DETENTION OF DANGEROUS ALIENS. 
Section 241(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears (except for the first reference in paragraph (4)(B)(i)) and insert-ing ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) BEGINNING OF PERIOD .—The removal period begins on the latest of the following: ‘‘(i) The date the order of removal becomes administratively final. ‘‘(ii) If the alien is not in the custody of the Secretary on the date the order of re-moval becomes administratively final, the date the alien is taken into such custody. ‘‘(iii) If the alien is detained or confined (except under an immigration process) on the date the order of removal becomes ad-ministratively final, the date the alien is taken into the custody of the Secretary, after the alien is released from such deten-tion or confinement.’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (C) to read as follows: ‘‘(C) S
USPENSION OF PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) E
XTENSION .—The removal period shall be extended beyond a period of 90 days and the Secretary may, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, keep the alien in detention dur-ing such extended period if— ‘‘(I) the alien fails or refuses to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the re-moval order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, in-cluding making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents nec-essary to the alien’s departure or conspires or acts to prevent the alien’s removal that is subject to an order of removal; ‘‘(II) a court, the Board of Immigration Ap-peals, or an immigration judge orders a stay of removal of an alien who is subject to an administratively final order of removal; ‘‘(III) the Secretary transfers custody of the alien pursuant to law to another Federal agency or a State or local government agen-cy in connection with the official duties of such agency; or ‘‘(IV) a court or the Board of Immigration Appeals orders a remand to an immigration judge or the Board of Immigration Appeals, during the time period when the case is pending a decision on remand (with the re-moval period beginning anew on the date that the alien is ordered removed on re-mand). ‘‘(ii) R
ENEWAL .—If the removal period has been extended under subparagraph (C)(i), a new removal period shall be deemed to have begun on the date— ‘‘(I) the alien makes all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to fully cooperate with the Secretary’s efforts to es-tablish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order; ‘‘(II) the stay of removal is no longer in ef-fect; or ‘‘(III) the alien is returned to the custody of the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) M
ANDATORY DETENTION FOR CERTAIN  
ALIENS .—In the case of an alien described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) of section 236(c)(1), the Secretary shall keep that alien in detention during the extended period de-scribed in clause (i). ‘‘(iv) S
OLE FORM OF RELIEF .—An alien may seek relief from detention under this sub-paragraph only by filing an application for a writ of habeas corpus in accordance with chapter 153 of title 28, United States Code. No alien whose period of detention is ex-tended under this subparagraph shall have the right to seek release on bond.’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00129 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1058 February 14, 2018 
(A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or is not detained pursu-ant to paragraph (6)’’ after ‘‘within the re-moval period’’; and (B) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D) to obey reasonable restrictions on the alien’s conduct or activities that the Sec-retary prescribes for the alien, in order to prevent the alien from absconding, for the protection of the community, or for other purposes related to the enforcement of the immigration laws.’’; (4) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘para-graph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (B)’’; and (5) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) A
DDITIONAL RULES FOR DETENTION OR  
RELEASE OF CERTAIN ALIENS .— ‘‘(A) D
ETENTION REVIEW PROCESS FOR COOP -
ERATIVE ALIENS ESTABLISHED .—For an alien who is not otherwise subject to mandatory detention, who has made all reasonable ef-forts to comply with a removal order and to cooperate fully with the Secretary of Home-land Security’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, and who has not conspired or acted to prevent re-moval, the Secretary shall establish an ad-ministrative review process to determine whether the alien should be detained or re-leased on conditions. The Secretary shall make a determination whether to release an alien after the removal period in accordance with subparagraph (B). The determination shall include consideration of any evidence submitted by the alien, and may include con-sideration of any other evidence, including any information or assistance provided by the Secretary of State or other Federal offi-cial and any other information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security per-taining to the ability to remove the alien. ‘‘(B) A
UTHORITY TO DETAIN BEYOND RE -
MOVAL PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in the exercise of the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, may continue to de-tain an alien for 90 days beyond the removal period (including any extension of the re-moval period as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). An alien whose detention is extended under this subparagraph shall have no right to seek release on bond. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIFIC CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Sec- retary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s sole discretion, may con-tinue to detain an alien beyond the 90 days authorized in clause (i)— ‘‘(I) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines that there is a significant likeli-hood that the alien— ‘‘(aa) will be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future; or ‘‘(bb) would be removed in the reasonably foreseeable future, or would have been re-moved, but for the alien’s failure or refusal to make all reasonable efforts to comply with the removal order, or to cooperate fully with the Secretary’s efforts to establish the alien’s identity and carry out the removal order, including making timely application in good faith for travel or other documents necessary to the alien’s departure, or con-spires or acts to prevent removal; ‘‘(II) until the alien is removed, if the Sec-retary of Homeland Security certifies in writing— ‘‘(aa) in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, that the alien has a highly contagious disease that poses a threat to public safety; ‘‘(bb) after receipt of a written rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State, that release of the alien is likely to have se-rious adverse foreign policy consequences for the United States; ‘‘(cc) based on information available to the Secretary of Homeland Security (including classified, sensitive, or national security in-formation, and without regard to the grounds upon which the alien was ordered re-moved), that there is reason to believe that the release of the alien would threaten the national security of the United States; or ‘‘(dd) that the release of the alien will threaten the safety of the community or any person, conditions of release cannot reason-ably be expected to ensure the safety of the community or any person, and either (AA) the alien has been convicted of one or more aggravated felonies (as defined in section 101(a)(43)(A)) or of one or more crimes identi-fied by the Secretary of Homeland Security by regulation, or of one or more attempts or conspiracies to commit any such aggravated felonies or such identified crimes, if the ag-gregate term of imprisonment for such at-tempts or conspiracies is at least 5 years; or (BB) the alien has committed one or more crimes of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code, but not includ-ing a purely political offense) and, because of a mental condition or personality disorder and behavior associated with that condition or disorder, the alien is likely to engage in acts of violence in the future; or ‘‘(III) pending a certification under sub-clause (II), so long as the Secretary of Home-land Security has initiated the administra-tive review process not later than 30 days after the expiration of the removal period (including any extension of the removal pe-riod, as provided in paragraph (1)(C)). ‘‘(iii) NO RIGHT TO BOND HEARING .—An alien whose detention is extended under this sub-paragraph shall have no right to seek release on bond, including by reason of a certifi-cation under clause (ii)(II). ‘‘(C) R
ENEWAL AND DELEGATION OF CERTIFI -
CATION .— ‘‘(i) R
ENEWAL .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may renew a certification under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) every 6 months, after providing an opportunity for the alien to re-quest reconsideration of the certification and to submit documents or other evidence in support of that request. If the Secretary does not renew a certification, the Secretary may not continue to detain the alien under subparagraph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(ii) D
ELEGATION .—Notwithstanding sec-tion 103, the Secretary of Homeland Security may not delegate the authority to make or renew a certification described in item (bb), (cc), or (dd) of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II) below the level of the Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(iii) H
EARING .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may request that the Attorney General or the Attorney General’s designee provide for a hearing to make the determina-tion described in item (dd)(BB) of subpara-graph (B)(ii)(II). ‘‘(D) R
ELEASE ON CONDITIONS .—If it is deter-mined that an alien should be released from detention by a Federal court, the Board of Immigration Appeals, or if an immigration judge orders a stay of removal, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s discretion, may impose condi-tions on release as provided in paragraph (3). ‘‘(E) R
EDETENTION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security, in the exercise of the Secretary’s discretion, without any limita-tions other than those specified in this sec-tion, may again detain any alien subject to a final removal order who is released from custody, if removal becomes likely in the reasonably foreseeable future, the alien fails to comply with the conditions of release, or to continue to satisfy the conditions de-scribed in subparagraph (A), or if, upon re-consideration, the Secretary, in the Sec-retary’s sole discretion, determines that the alien can be detained under subparagraph (B). This section shall apply to any alien re-turned to custody pursuant to this subpara-graph, as if the removal period terminated on the day of the redetention. ‘‘(F) REVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS BY SEC -
RETARY .—A determination by the Secretary under this paragraph shall not be subject to review by any other agency.’’. 
SEC. 2310. TIMELY REPATRIATION. 
(a) L ISTING OF COUNTRIES .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 6 months thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall pub-lish a report that includes— (1) a list of countries that have refused or unreasonably delayed repatriation of an alien who is a national of that country since the date of the enactment of this Act, in-cluding the total number of such aliens, disaggregated by nationality; (2) a list of countries that have an exces-sive repatriation failure rate; and (3) a list of each country included in a list described in paragraph (1) or (2) in the report preceding the current report and in the cur-rent report. (b) S
ANCTIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date on which a country is included in the list de-scribed in subsection (a)(3) and ending on the date on which that country is no longer in-cluded in such list, the Secretary of State may not issue visas under section 101(a)(15)(A)(iii) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(A)(iii)) to attendants, servants, personal employees, and members of the immediate families of officials or employees of that country who receive nonimmigrant status under clause (i) or (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A) of such Act. (2) V
ISA REDUCTION .—Every 6 months that a country is included in the list described in subsection (a)(3), the Secretary of State shall reduce the number of visas available under clause (i) or (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(A)) in a fiscal year to na-tionals of that country by an amount equal to 10 percent of the baseline visa number for that country. Except as provided under sec-tion 243(d) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1253), the Secretary may not reduce the number of such visas to a level below 20 percent of the baseline visa number. (c) W
AIVERS .— (1) N
ATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .—If the Sec-retary of State submits to Congress a writ-ten determination that significant national security interests of the United States re-quire a waiver of the sanctions under sub-section (b), the Secretary may waive any re-duction below 80 percent of the baseline visa number. The Secretary of State may not del-egate the authority under this subsection. (2) T
EMPORARY EXIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .—If the Secretary of State submits to Congress a written determination that temporary exi-gent circumstances require a waiver of the sanctions under subsection (b), the Secretary may waive any reduction below 80 percent of the baseline visa number during 6-month re-newable periods. The Secretary of State may not delegate the authority under this sub-section. (d) E
XEMPTION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State, may exempt a country from inclusion in a list under subsection (a)(2) if the total number of nonrepatriations out-standing is less than 10 for the preceding 3- year period. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00130 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1059 February 14, 2018 
(e) U NAUTHORIZED VISA ISSUANCE .—Any visa issued in violation of this section shall be void. (f) N
OTICE .—If an alien who has been con-victed of a criminal offense before a Federal or State court whose repatriation was re-fused or unreasonably delayed is to be re-leased from detention by the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall pro-vide notice to the State and local law en-forcement agency for the jurisdictions in which the alien is required to report or is to be released. When possible, and particularly in the case of violent crime, the Secretary shall make a reasonable effort to provide no-tice of such release to any crime victims and their immediate family members. (g) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion: (1) B
ASELINE VISA NUMBER .—The term ‘‘baseline visa number’’ means, with respect to a country, the average number of visas issued each fiscal year to nationals of that country under clauses (i) and (ii) of section 101(a)(15)(A) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(A)) for the 3 full fiscal years immediately preceding the first report under subsection (a) in which that country is included in the list under subsection (a)(3). (2) E
XCESSIVE REPATRIATION FAILURE  
RATE .—The term ‘‘excessive repatriation failure rate’’ means, with respect to a report under subsection (a), a failure rate greater than 10 percent during— (A) the period of the 3 full fiscal years pre-ceding the date of publication of the report; or (B) the period of 1 year preceding the date of publication of the report. (3) F
AILURE RATE .—The term ‘‘failure rate’’ for a period means the percentage deter-mined by dividing the total number of repa-triation requests for aliens who are citizens, subjects, nationals, or residents of a country that refused or unreasonably delayed during that period by the total number of such re-quests during that period. (4) N
UMBER OF NONREPATRIATIONS OUT -
STANDING .—The term ‘‘number of nonrepatri-ations outstanding’’ means, for a period, the number of unique aliens whose repatriation a country has refused or unreasonably delayed and whose repatriation has not occurred dur-ing that period. (5) R
EFUSED OR UNREASONABLY DELAYED .—A country is deemed to have ‘‘refused or unrea-sonably delayed’’ the acceptance of an alien who is a citizen, subject, national, or resi-dent of that country if, not later than 90 days after receiving a request to repatriate such alien from an official of the United States who is authorized to make such a re-quest, the country does not accept the alien or issue valid travel documents. (h) GAO R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 day after the date on which the President sub-mits a budget under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for fiscal year 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to Congress regarding the progress of the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of State in im-plementation of this section and in making requests to repatriate aliens as appropriate. 
SEC. 2311. ILLEGAL REENTRY. 
Section 276 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 276. REENTRY OF REMOVED ALIEN. 
‘‘(a) R EENTRY AFTER REMOVAL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or re-moved, or who has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deporta-tion, or removal is outstanding, and subse-quently enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTION .—If an alien sought and re-ceived the express consent of the Secretary to reapply for admission into the United States, or, with respect to an alien pre-viously denied admission and removed, the alien was not required to obtain such ad-vance consent under the Immigration and Nationality Act or any prior Act, the alien shall not be subject to the fine and imprison-ment provided for in paragraph (1). ‘‘(b) R
EENTRY OF CRIMINAL OFFENDERS .— Notwithstanding the penalty provided in subsection (a), if an alien described in that subsection was convicted before such re-moval or departure— ‘‘(1) for 3 or more misdemeanors or for a felony, the alien shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(2) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 30 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; ‘‘(3) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 60 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; or ‘‘(4) for murder, rape, kidnapping, or a fel-ony offense described in chapter 77 (relating to peonage and slavery) or 113B (relating to terrorism) of such title, or for 3 or more felo-nies of any kind, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 25 years, or both. ‘‘(c) R
EENTRY AFTER REPEATED REMOVAL .— Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or removed 3 or more times and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(d) P
ROOF OF PRIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convictions described in subsection (b) are elements of the crimes described, and the penalties in that subsection shall apply only in cases in which the conviction or convic-tions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(1) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(2) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(e) R
EENTRY OF ALIEN REMOVED PRIOR TO  C
OMPLETION OF TERM OF IMPRISONMENT .—Any alien removed pursuant to section 241(a)(4) who enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in, the United States shall be incarcerated for the remainder of the sentence of imprisonment which was pending at the time of deportation without any reduction for parole or supervised re-lease unless the alien affirmatively dem-onstrates that the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to the alien’s reentry. Such alien shall be subject to such other penalties relating to the reentry of removed aliens as may be available under this section or any other provision of law. ‘‘(f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section and sec-tion 275: ‘‘(1) C
ROSSES THE BORDER TO THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘crosses the border’ refers to the physical act of crossing the border free from official restraint. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means any criminal offense punishable by a term of im-prisonment of more than 1 year under the laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(3) MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means any criminal offense pun-ishable by a term of imprisonment of not more than 1 year under the applicable laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(4) O
FFICIAL RESTRAINT .—The term ‘offi-cial restraint’ means any restraint known to the alien that serves to deprive the alien of liberty and prevents the alien from going at large into the United States. Surveillance unbeknownst to the alien shall not con-stitute official restraint. ‘‘(5) R
EMOVAL .—The term ‘removal’ in-cludes any denial of admission, exclusion, deportation, or removal, or any agreement by which an alien stipulates or agrees to ex-clusion, deportation, or removal. ‘‘(6) S
TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.’’. Subtitle D—Asylum Reform 
SEC. 2401. CLARIFICATION OF INTENT REGARD-ING TAXPAYER-PROVIDED COUNSEL. 
Section 292 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1362) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘In any removal pro-ceedings before an immigration judge and in any appeal proceedings before the Attorney General from any such removal proceedings’’ and inserting ‘‘In any removal proceedings before an immigration judge, or any other immigration proceedings before the Attor-ney General, the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity, or any appeal of such a proceeding’’. (2) by striking ‘‘(at no expense to the Gov-ernment)’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Government may not bear any ex-pense for counsel for any person in pro-ceedings described in this section.’’. 
SEC. 2402. CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
Section 235(b)(1)(B)(v) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(B)(v)) is amended by striking ‘‘claim’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘claim, as determined pursuant to section 208(b)(1)(B)(iii), and such other facts as are known to the officer, that the alien could es-tablish eligibility for asylum under section 1158 of this title, and it is more probable than not that the statements made by, and on behalf of, the alien in support of the alien’s claim are true.’’. 
SEC. 2403. RECORDING EXPEDITED REMOVAL AND CREDIBLE FEAR INTERVIEWS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish quality assur-ance procedures and take steps to effectively ensure that questions by employees of the Department of Homeland Security exercising expedited removal authority under section 235(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)) are asked in a uniform manner, to the extent possible, and that both these questions and the answers pro-vided in response to them are recorded in a uniform fashion. (b) F
ACTORS RELATING TO SWORN STATE -
MENTS .—Whenever practicable, any sworn or signed written statement taken of an alien as part of the record of a proceeding under section 235(b)(1)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225(b)(1)(A)) shall be accompanied by a recording of the inter-view which served as the basis for that sworn statement. (c) I
NTERPRETERS .—The Secretary shall en-sure that a competent interpreter, not affili-ated with the government of the country from which the alien may claim asylum, is used when the interviewing officer does not speak a language understood by the alien. (d) R
ECORDINGS IN IMMIGRATION PRO-
CEEDINGS .—There shall be an audio or audio 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00131 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1060 February 14, 2018 
visual recording of interviews of aliens sub-ject to expedited removal. The recording shall be included in the record of proceeding and shall be considered as evidence in any further proceedings involving the alien. (e) N
OPRIVATE RIGHT OF ACTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to create any right, benefit, trust, or responsibility, whether substantive or procedural, enforce-able in law or equity by a party against the United States, its departments, agencies, in-strumentalities, entities, officers, employ-ees, or agents, or any person, nor does this section create any right of review in any ad-ministrative, judicial, or other proceeding. 
SEC. 2404. SAFE THIRD COUNTRY. 
Section 208(a)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(a)(2)(A)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘removed, pursuant to a bi-lateral or multilateral agreement, to’’ and inserting ‘‘removed to’’. 
SEC. 2405. RENUNCIATION OF ASYLUM STATUS PURSUANT TO RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) R
ENUNCIATION OF STATUS PURSUANT TO  
RETURN TO HOME COUNTRY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), any alien who is granted asylum status under this section, who, absent changed country conditions, subsequently returns to the country of such alien’s nationality or, in the case of an alien having no nationality, returns to any coun-try in which such alien last habitually re-sided, and who applied for such status be-cause of persecution or a well-founded fear of persecution in that country on account of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion, shall have his or her status terminated. ‘‘(B) W
AIVER .—The Secretary of Homeland Security may waive subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines that the alien had a compelling reason for the return. The waiver may be sought before the alien’s departure from the United States or upon the alien’s return to the United States. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN ALIENS FROM  
CUBA .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who is eligible for adjustment to that of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence pursuant to the Cuban Ad-justment Act of 1966 (Public Law 89–732).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 208(c)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(c)(3)) is amended by insert-ing ‘‘or (4)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’. 
SEC. 2406. NOTICE CONCERNING FRIVOLOUS ASY-LUM APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 208(d)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(4)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Homeland Security or’’ before ‘‘the Attorney General’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and of the consequences, under paragraph (6), of knowingly filing a frivolous application for asylum; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking the pe-riod and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) ensure that a written warning appears on the asylum application advising the alien of the consequences of filing a frivolous ap-plication and serving as notice to the alien of the consequence of filing a frivolous appli-cation.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 208(d)(6) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(d)(6)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(6) FRIVOLOUS APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security or the Attorney General determines that an alien has knowingly made a frivolous application for asylum and the alien has received notice under para-graph (4)(C), the alien shall be permanently ineligible for any benefits under this chap-ter, effective as the date of the final deter-mination of such an application. ‘‘(B) D
EFINED TERM .—An application is ‘frivolous’ if the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity or the Attorney General determines, in accordance with subparagraph (C), that— ‘‘(i) it is so insufficient in substance that it is clear that the applicant knowingly filed the application solely or in part— ‘‘(I) to delay removal from the United States; ‘‘(II) to seek employment authorization as an applicant for asylum pursuant to regula-tions issued pursuant to paragraph (2); or ‘‘(III) to seek issuance of a Notice to Ap-peal in order to pursue Cancellation of Re-moval under section 240A(b); or ‘‘(ii) any of its material elements are delib-erately fabricated. ‘‘(C) C
LARIFICATION .—The Secretary or the Attorney General may not determine that an application is frivolous unless the applicant, during the course of the proceedings, has had sufficient opportunity to clarify any discrep-ancies or implausible aspects of the claim. ‘‘(D) W
ITHHOLDING OF REMOVAL .—A finding under this paragraph that an alien filed a frivolous asylum application shall not pre-clude the alien from seeking withholding of removal under section 241(b)(3).) or protec-tion pursuant to the Convention Against Torture.’’. 
SEC. 2407. ANTI-FRAUD INVESTIGATIVE WORK PRODUCT. 
(a) A SYLUM CREDIBILITY DETERMINATIONS .— Section 208(b)(1)(B)(iii) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(1)(B)(iii)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘all relevant factors’’ the following: ‘‘, including statements made to, and investiga-tive reports prepared by, immigration au-thorities and other government officials’’. (b) R
ELIEF FOR REMOVAL CREDIBILITY DE-
TERMINATIONS .—Section 240(c)(4)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(c)(4)(C)) is amended by inserting after ‘‘all relevant factors’’ the following: ‘‘, in-cluding statements made to, and investiga-tive reports prepared by, immigration au-thorities and other government officials’’. 
SEC. 2408. PENALTIES FOR ASYLUM FRAUD. 
Section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(d) Whoever, in any matter before the Secretary of Homeland Security or the At-torney General pertaining to asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) or withholding of re-moval under section 241(b)(3) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(b)(3)), knowingly and willfully— ‘‘(1) makes any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation; or ‘‘(2) makes or uses any false writings or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry; shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both.’’. 
SEC. 2409. STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS FOR ASY-LUM FRAUD. 
Section 3291 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘1544,’’ and inserting ‘‘1544 and 1546,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘offense.’’ and inserting ‘‘of-fense or not later than 10 years after the fraud is discovered.’’. SEC. 2410. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS. 
Section 208 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as amended by this subtitle, is fur-ther amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)(D), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’; and (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Home-land Security’’; and (C) in paragraph (5)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Attor-ney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security or the’’ before ‘‘Attorney General’’. Subtitle E—Unaccompanied and Accom-panied Alien Minors Apprehended Along the Border 
SEC. 2501. REPATRIATION OF UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) by amending the heading to read as fol-lows: ‘‘R
ULES FOR UNACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHIL -
DREN .—’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘who is a national or habitual resi-dent of a country that is contiguous with the United States’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (IV) by striking clause (iii); (iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.)—’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting before ‘‘per-mit such child to withdraw’’ the following: ‘‘may’’; and (III) in clause (ii), by inserting before ‘‘re-turn such child’’ the following: ‘‘shall’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending the heading to read as fol-lows: ‘‘A
GREEMENTS WITH FOREIGN COUN -
TRIES .—’’; and (II) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘The Secretary of State shall nego-tiate agreements between the United States and countries contiguous to the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary of State may negotiate agreements between the United States and any foreign country that the Secretary determines appropriate’’; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00132 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1061 February 14, 2018 
(B) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (5) as paragraphs (4) through (6), re-spectively, and inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) S
PECIAL RULES FOR INTERVIEWING UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .—An unaccom-panied alien child shall be interviewed by a dedicated U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services immigration officer with special-ized training in interviewing child traf-ficking victims. Such officer shall be in plain clothes and shall not carry a weapon. The interview shall occur in a private room.’’; and (C) in paragraph (6)(D) (as so redesig-nated)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘, except for an unaccompanied alien child from a contiguous country sub-ject to exceptions under subsection (a)(2),’’ and inserting ‘‘who does not meet the cri-teria listed in paragraph (2)(A)’’; and (ii) in clause (i), by inserting before the semicolon at the end the following: ‘‘, which shall include a hearing before an immigra-tion judge not later than 14 days after being screened under paragraph (4)’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting before the semicolon the following: ‘‘believed not to meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting before the period the following: ‘‘and does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘an unac-companied alien child in custody shall’’ and all that follows, and inserting the following: ‘‘an unaccompanied alien child in custody— ‘‘(A) in the case of a child who does not meet the criteria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), shall transfer the custody of such child to the Secretary of Health and Human Services not later than 30 days after deter-mining that such child is an unaccompanied alien child who does not meet such criteria; or ‘‘(B) in the case of child who meets the cri-teria listed in subsection (a)(2)(A), may transfer the custody of such child to the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services after determining that such child is an unaccom-panied alien child who meets such criteria.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(D) I
NFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUALS WITH  
WHOM CHILDREN ARE PLACED .— ‘‘(i) I
NFORMATION TO BE PROVIDED TO HOME -
LAND SECURITY .—Before placing a child with an individual, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security— ‘‘(I) the name of the individual with whom the child will be place; ‘‘(II) the social security number of such in-dividual; ‘‘(III) the date of birth of such individual; ‘‘(IV) the location of the individual’s resi-dence at which the child will be placed; ‘‘(V) the immigration status of such indi-vidual, if known; and ‘‘(VI) contact information for such indi-vidual. ‘‘(ii) S
PECIAL RULE .—If a child who was ap-prehended on or after June 15, 2012, and be-fore the date of the enactment of this sub-paragraph was placed by the Secretary of Health and Human Services placed with an individual, the Secretary shall provide the information listed in clause (i) to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security not later than 90 days after such date of enactment. ‘‘(iii) A
CTIVITIES OF THE SECRETARY OF  
HOMELAND SECURITY .—Not later than 30 days after receiving the information listed in clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity— ‘‘(I) shall investigate the immigration sta-tus of the individual with whom the child is placed if the immigration status of such in-dividual is unknown; and ‘‘(II) upon determining that an individual with whom a child is placed is unlawfully present in the United States, shall initiate removal proceedings pursuant to chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.).’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by inserting after ‘‘to the greatest ex-tent practicable’’ the following: ‘‘(at no ex-pense to the Government)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘have counsel to represent them’’ and inserting ‘‘have access to counsel to represent them’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any un-authorized alien child apprehended on or after June 15, 2012. 
SEC. 2502. SPECIAL IMMIGRANT JUVENILE STA-TUS FOR IMMIGRANTS UNABLE TO REUNITE WITH EITHER PARENT. 
Section 101(a)(27)(J)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(27)(J)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘1 or both of the immigrant’s parents’’ and insert-ing ‘‘either of the immigrant’s parents’’. 
SEC. 2503. JURISDICTION OF ASYLUM APPLICA-TIONS. 
Section 208(b)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158) is amended by striking subparagraph (C). 
SEC. 2504. QUARTERLY REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than January 5, 2019, and every 3 months thereafter— (1) the Attorney General shall submit a re-port that identifies— (A) the total number of asylum cases filed by unaccompanied alien children and com-pleted by an immigration judge during the 3- month period preceding the date of the re-port, and the percentage of those cases in which asylum was granted; and (B) the number of unaccompanied alien children who failed to appear for any pro-ceeding before an immigration judge during the 3-month period preceding the date of the report; and (2) the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report that identifies— (A) the total number of applications for asylum, filed by unaccompanied alien chil-dren, which were adjudicated during the 3- month period preceding the date of the re-port; and (B) the percentage of such applications that were granted. 
SEC. 2505. BIANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
Not later than January 5, 2019, and every 6 months thereafter, the Attorney General shall submit a report to Congress on each crime for which an unaccompanied alien child is charged or convicted during the pre-vious 6-month period following their release from the custody of the Secretary of Home-land Security pursuant to section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232). 
SEC. 2506. CLARIFICATION OF STANDARDS FOR FAMILY DETENTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Wil-liam Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, judicial determina-tion, consent decree, or settlement agree-ment, the detention of any alien child who is not an unaccompanied alien child shall be governed by sections 217, 235, 236, and 241 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1187, 1225, 1226, and 1231). There exists no presumption that an alien child who is not an unaccompanied alien child should not be detained, and all such determinations shall be in the discretion of the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) RELEASE OF MINORS OTHER THAN UNAC -
COMPANIED ALIENS .—In no circumstances shall an alien minor who is not an unaccom-panied alien child be released by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security other than to a parent or legal guardian.’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and shall apply to all actions that occur before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE III—BORDER ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 3001. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Border Se-curity for America Act of 2018’’. Subtitle A—Border Security 
SEC. 3101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) A
DVANCED UNATTENDED SURVEILLANCE  
SENSORS .—The term ‘‘advanced unattended surveillance sensors’’ means sensors that utilize an onboard computer to analyze de-tections in an effort to discern between vehi-cles, humans, and animals, and ultimately filter false positives prior to transmission. (2) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COM -
MITTEE .—The term ‘‘appropriate congres-sional committee’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2(2) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(2)). (3) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘‘Commis-sioner’’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection. (4) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘‘high traffic areas’’ has the meaning given such term in section 102(e)(1) of the Illegal Immi-gration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996, as amended by section 3111 of this division. (5) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘‘operational control’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). (6) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (7) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘‘situational awareness’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7)). (8) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘small unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘small un-manned aircraft’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (9) T
RANSIT ZONE .—The term ‘‘transit zone’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(8) of the National Defense Au-thorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223(a)(7)). (10) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial system’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft system’’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). (11) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE .—The term ‘‘unmanned aerial vehicle’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ in sec-tion 331 of the FAA Modernization and Re-form Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00133 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1062 February 14, 2018 
CHAPTER 1—INFRASTRUCTURE AND EQUIPMENT 
SEC. 3111. STRENGTHENING THE REQUIREMENTS FOR BARRIERS ALONG THE SOUTH-ERN BORDER. 
Section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (Division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1103 note) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) I
NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall take such actions as may be necessary (including the removal of obsta-cles to detection of illegal entrants) to de-sign, test, construct, install, deploy, and op-erate physical barriers, tactical infrastruc-ture, and technology in the vicinity of the United States border to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border and deter, impede, and detect illegal activity in high traffic areas.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘F
ENCING AND ROADIMPROVEMENTS ’’ and in- serting ‘‘P
HYSICAL BARRIERS ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘this section’’; (II) by striking ‘‘roads, lighting, cameras, and sensors’’ and inserting ‘‘tactical infra-structure, and technology’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘gain’’ inserting ‘‘achieve situational awareness and’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS AND TACTICAL IN -
FRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective physical bar-riers and tactical infrastructure available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSIDERATION FOR CERTAIN PHYSICAL  
BARRIERS AND TACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— The deployment of physical barriers and tac-tical infrastructure under this subparagraph shall not apply in any area or region along the border where natural terrain features, natural barriers, or the remoteness of such area or region would make any such deploy-ment ineffective, as determined by the Sec-retary, for the purposes of achieving situa-tional awareness or operational control of such area or region.’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by amending clause (i) to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In carrying out this sec-tion, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, before constructing physical barriers in a specific area or region, consult with the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Agriculture, appropriate representatives of Federal, State, local, and tribal govern-ments, and appropriate private property owners in the United States to minimize the impact on the environment, culture, com-merce, and quality of life for the commu-nities and residents located near the sites at which such physical barriers are to be con-structed.’’; (II) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (III) by inserting after clause (i), as amend-ed, the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 60 days after the consultation required under clause (i), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall notify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate of the type of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology the Secretary has determined is most practical and effective to achieve sit-uational awareness and operational control in a specific area or region and the other al-ternatives the Secretary considered before making such a determination.’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (D); (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘this subsection’’ and in-serting ‘‘this section’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘construction of fences’’ and inserting ‘‘the construction of physical barriers’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) AGENT SAFETY .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary of Homeland Security, when designing, constructing, and deploying physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology, shall incorporate such safety features into such design, construction, or deployment of such physical barriers, tac-tical infrastructure, or technology, as the case may be, that the Secretary determines, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, are nec-essary to maximize the safety and effective-ness of officers or agents of the Department of Homeland Security or of any other Fed-eral agency deployed in the vicinity of such physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, or technology.’’; (3) in subsection (c), by amending para-graph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall have the authority to waive all legal requirements the Sec-retary, in the Secretary’s sole discretion, de-termines necessary to ensure the expeditious design, testing, construction, installation, deployment, operation, and maintenance of the physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology under this section. Any such decision by the Secretary shall be effective upon publication in the Federal Register.’’; and (4) by adding after subsection (d) the fol-lowing new subsections: ‘‘(e) T
ECHNOLOGY .—Not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022, the Secretary of Homeland Security, in carrying out this section, shall deploy along the United States border the most practical and effective technology available for achieving situational awareness and operational control of the border. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON REQUIREMENTS .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as re-quiring the Secretary of Homeland Security to install tactical infrastructure, tech-nology, and physical barriers in a particular location along an international border of the United States, if the Secretary determines that the use or placement of such resources is not the most appropriate means to achieve and maintain situational awareness and operational control over the international border at such location. ‘‘(g) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) H
IGH TRAFFIC AREAS .—The term ‘high traffic areas’ means areas in the vicinity of the United States border that— ‘‘(A) are within the responsibility of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(B) have significant unlawful cross-border activity, as determined by the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(2) O
PERATIONAL CONTROL .—The term ‘operational control’ has the meaning given such term in section 2(b) of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 (8 U.S.C. 1701 note; Public Law 109–367). ‘‘(3) P
HYSICAL BARRIERS .—The term ‘phys-ical barriers’ includes reinforced fencing, border wall system, and levee walls. ‘‘(4) S
ITUATIONAL AWARENESS .—The term ‘situational awareness’ has the meaning given such term in section 1092(a)(7) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fis-cal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). ‘‘(5) TACTICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘tactical infrastructure’ includes boat ramps, access gates, checkpoints, lighting, and roads. ‘‘(6) T
ECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘technology’ includes border surveillance and detection technology, including the following: ‘‘(A) Tower-based surveillance technology. ‘‘(B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. ‘‘(C) Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radars (VADER). ‘‘(D) 3-dimensional, seismic acoustic detec-tion and ranging border tunneling detection technology. ‘‘(E) Advanced unattended surveillance sensors. ‘‘(F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man- portable surveillance capabilities. ‘‘(G) Unmanned aerial vehicles. ‘‘(H) Other border detection, communica-tion, and surveillance technology. ‘‘(7) U
NMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .—The term ‘unmanned aerial vehicle’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 3112. AIR AND MARINE OPERATIONS FLIGHT HOURS. 
(a) I NCREASED FLIGHT HOURS .—The Sec- retary, after coordination with the Adminis-trator of the Federal Aviation Administra-tion, shall ensure that not fewer than 95,000 annual flight hours are carried out by Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (b) U
NMANNED AERIAL SYSTEM .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that Air and Marine Op-erations operate unmanned aerial systems on the southern border of the United States for not less than 24 hours per day for five days per week. (c) C
ONTRACT AIRSUPPORT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—The Commissioner shall contract for the unfulfilled identified air support mission critical hours, as identified by the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol. (d) P
RIMARY MISSION .—The Commissioner shall ensure that— (1) the primary missions for Air and Ma-rine Operations are to directly support U.S. Border Patrol activities along the southern border of the United States and Joint Inter-agency Task Force South operations in the transit zone; and (2) the Executive Assistant Commissioner of Air and Marine Operations assigns the greatest priority to support missions estab-lished by the Commissioner to carry out the requirements under this Act. (e) H
IGH-DEMAND FLIGHT HOUR REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In accordance with subsection (d), the Commissioner shall ensure that U.S. Border Patrol Sector Chiefs— (1) identify critical flight hour require-ments; and (2) direct Air and Marine Operations to support requests from Sector Chiefs as their primary mission. (f) S
MALL UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Chief of the U.S. Bor-der Patrol shall be the executive agent for U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of small unmanned aerial vehicles for the pur-pose of meeting the U.S. Border Patrol’s unmet flight hour operational requirements and to achieve situational awareness and operational control. (2) C
OORDINATION .—In carrying out para-graph (1), the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall— (A) coordinate flight operations with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Ad-ministration to ensure the safe and efficient 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00134 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1063 February 14, 2018 
operation of the National Airspace System; and (B) coordinate with the Executive Assist-ant Commissioner for Air and Marine Oper-ations of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion to ensure the safety of other U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection aircraft flying in the vicinity of small unmanned aerial ve-hicles operated by the U.S. Border Patrol. (3) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (3) of section 411(e) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(e)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) carry out the small unmanned aerial vehicle requirements pursuant to subsection (f) of section 1112 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; and’’. (g) S
AVING CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall confer, transfer, or delegate to the Secretary, the Commissioner, the Executive Assistant Commissioner for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, or the Chief of the U.S. Border Pa-trol any authority of the Secretary of Trans-portation or the Administrator of the Fed-eral Aviation Administration relating to the use of airspace or aviation safety. 
SEC. 3113. CAPABILITY DEPLOYMENT TO SPE-CIFIC SECTORS AND TRANSIT ZONE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary, in implementing sec-tion 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 3111 of this division), and acting through the appropriate component of the Department of Homeland Security, shall deploy to each sector or region of the south-ern border and the northern border, in a prioritized manner to achieve situational awareness and operational control of such borders, the following additional capabili-ties: (1) S
AN DIEGO SECTOR .—For the San Diego sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Subterranean surveillance and detec-tion technologies. (C) To increase coastal maritime domain awareness, the following: (i) Deployable, lighter-than-air surface sur-veillance equipment. (ii) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (iii) U.S. Customs and Border Protection maritime patrol aircraft. (iv) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (v) Maritime signals intelligence capabili-ties. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (2) E
L CENTRO SECTOR .—For the El Centro sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (3) YUMA SECTOR .—For the Yuma sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (F) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (4) T
UCSON SECTOR .—For the Tucson sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (C) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (5) E
L PASO SECTOR .—For the El Paso sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance systems. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (6) B
IG BEND SECTOR .—For the Big Bend sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (7) D
EL RIO SECTOR .—For the Del Rio sec-tor, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (C) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (D) Improved maritime capabilities in the Amistad National Recreation Area. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (G) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (8) LAREDO SECTOR .—For the Laredo sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Maritime detection resources for the Falcon Lake region. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, and footpaths. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (F) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (I) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (9) R
IO GRANDE VALLEY SECTOR .—For the Rio Grande Valley sector, the following: (A) Tower-based surveillance technology. (B) Deployable, lighter-than-air ground surveillance equipment. (C) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capa-bility. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Increased monitoring for cross-river dams, culverts, footpaths. (G) A rapid reaction capability supported by aviation assets. (H) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (I) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (J) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (K) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (10) B
LAINE SECTOR .—For the Blaine sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications capa-bilities. (11) S
POKANE SECTOR .—For the Spokane sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (C) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (D) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (E) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (F) Completion of six miles of the Bog Creek road. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00135 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1064 February 14, 2018 
(H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (12) H
AVRE SECTOR .—For the Havre sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (13) G
RAND FORKS SECTOR .—For the Grand Forks sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (14) D
ETROIT SECTOR .—For the Detroit sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (15) B
UFFALO SECTOR .—For the Buffalo sec-tor, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Coastal radar surveillance systems. (C) Increased maritime interdiction capa-bilities. (D) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (E) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (F) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (G) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (H) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (16) S
WANTON SECTOR .—For the Swanton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (17) H
OULTON SECTOR .—For the Houlton sector, the following: (A) Increased flight hours for aerial detec-tion, interdiction, and monitoring operations capability. (B) Mobile vehicle-mounted and man-port-able surveillance capabilities. (C) Advanced unattended surveillance sen-sors. (D) Ultralight aircraft detection capabili-ties. (E) Man-portable unmanned aerial vehi-cles. (F) Improved agent communications sys-tems. (18) TRANSIT ZONE .—For the transit zone, the following: (A) Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, an increase in the number of overall cutter, boat, and air-craft hours spent conducting interdiction op-erations over the average number of such hours during the preceding three fiscal years. (B) Increased maritime signals intelligence capabilities. (C) To increase maritime domain aware-ness, the following: (i) Unmanned aerial vehicles with mari-time surveillance capability. (ii) Increased maritime aviation patrol hours. (D) Increased operational hours for mari-time security components dedicated to joint counter-smuggling and interdiction efforts with other Federal agencies, including the Deployable Specialized Forces of the Coast Guard. (E) Coastal radar surveillance systems with long range day and night cameras capa-ble of providing full maritime domain aware-ness of the United States territorial waters surrounding Puerto Rico, Mona Island, Desecheo Island, Vieques Island, Culebra Is-land, Saint Thomas, Saint John, and Saint Croix. (b) T
ACTICAL FLEXIBILITY .— (1) S
OUTHERN AND NORTHERN LAND BOR -
DERS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on September 30, 2021, or after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of the capabilities re-quired in each sector specified in subsection (a), whichever comes later, the Secretary may deviate from such capability deploy-ments if the Secretary determines that such deviation is required to achieve situational awareness or operational control. (B) N
OTIFICATION .—If the Secretary exer-cises the authority described in subpara-graph (A), the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after such exercise, notify the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives regarding the deviation under such subparagraph that is the subject of such exercise. If the Secretary makes any changes to such deviation, the Secretary shall, not later than 90 days after any such change, notify such committees regarding such change. (2) T
RANSIT ZONE .— (A) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives regarding the capa-bility deployments for the transit zone speci-fied in paragraph (18) of subsection (a), in-cluding information relating to— (i) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed; and (ii) the impact such deployments have on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (B) ALTERATION .—The Secretary may alter the capability deployments referred to in this section if the Secretary— (i) determines, after consultation with the committees referred to in subparagraph (A), that such alteration is necessary; and (ii) not later than 30 days after making a determination under clause (i), notifies the committees referred to in such subparagraph regarding such alteration, including infor-mation relating to— (I) the number and types of assets and per-sonnel deployed pursuant to such alteration; and (II) the impact such alteration has on the capability of the Coast Guard to conduct its mission in the transit zone referred to in paragraph (18) of subsection (a). (c) E
XIGENT CIRCUMSTANCES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-section (b), the Secretary may deploy the ca-pabilities referred to in subsection (a) in a manner that is inconsistent with the re-quirements specified in such subsection if, after the Secretary has deployed at least 25 percent of such capabilities, the Secretary determines that exigent circumstances de-mand such an inconsistent deployment or that such an inconsistent deployment is vital to the national security interests of the United States. (2) N
OTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall no-tify the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representative and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate not later than 30 days after making a determination under paragraph (1). Such notification shall in-clude a detailed justification regarding such determination. 
SEC. 3114. U.S. BORDER PATROL ACTIVITIES. 
The Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol shall prioritize the deployment of U.S. Border Pa-trol agents to as close to the physical land border as possible, consistent with border se-curity enforcement priorities and accessi-bility to such areas. 
SEC. 3115. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 435. BORDER SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PRO-GRAM MANAGEMENT. 
‘‘(a) M AJOR ACQUISITION PROGRAM DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘major ac-quisition program’ means an acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is estimated by the Secretary to require an eventual total expenditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2017 constant dollars) over its life cycle cost. ‘‘(b) P
LANNING DOCUMENTATION .—For each border security technology acquisition pro-gram of the Department that is determined to be a major acquisition program, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(1) ensure that each such program has a written acquisition program baseline ap-proved by the relevant acquisition decision authority; ‘‘(2) document that each such program is meeting cost, schedule, and performance thresholds as specified in such baseline, in compliance with relevant departmental ac-quisition policies and the Federal Acquisi-tion Regulation; and ‘‘(3) have a plan for meeting program im-plementation objectives by managing con-tractor performance. ‘‘(c) A
DHERENCE TO STANDARDS .—The Sec- retary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management and the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, shall ensure border security technology acquisi-tion program managers who are responsible 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00136 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1065 February 14, 2018 
for carrying out this section adhere to rel-evant internal control standards identified by the Comptroller General of the United States. The Commissioner shall provide in-formation, as needed, to assist the Under Secretary in monitoring management of bor-der security technology acquisition pro-grams under this section. ‘‘(d) P
LAN.—The Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Management, in co-ordination with the Under Secretary for Science and Technology and the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion, shall submit to the appropriate con-gressional committees a plan for testing, evaluating, and using independent verification and validation resources for bor-der security technology. Under the plan, new border security technologies shall be evalu-ated through a series of assessments, proc-esses, and audits to ensure— ‘‘(1) compliance with relevant depart-mental acquisition policies and the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and ‘‘(2) the effective use of taxpayer dollars.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 433 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 435. Border security technology pro-gram management.’’. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON ADDITIONAL AUTHORIZA -
TION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 435 of the Homeland Secu-rity Act of 2002, as added by subsection (a). Such section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise authorized for such pur-poses. 
SEC. 3116. REIMBURSEMENT OF STATES FOR DE-PLOYMENT OF THE NATIONAL GUARD AT THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—With the approval of the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense, the Governor of a State may order any units or personnel of the National Guard of such State to perform operations and missions under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, along the southern border for the pur-poses of assisting U.S. Customs and Border Protection to achieve situational awareness and operational control of the border. (b) A
SSIGNMENT OF OPERATIONS AND MIS-
SIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—National Guard units and personnel deployed under subsection (a) may be assigned such operations and missions specified in subsection (c) as may be nec-essary to secure the southern border. (2) N
ATURE OF DUTY .—The duty of National Guard personnel performing operations and missions described in paragraph (1) shall be full-time duty under title 32, United States Code. (c) R
ANGE OF OPERATIONS AND MISSIONS .— The operations and missions assigned under subsection (b) shall include the temporary authority to— (1) construct reinforced fencing or other physical barriers; (2) operate ground-based surveillance sys-tems; (3) operate unmanned and manned aircraft; (4) provide radio communications inter-operability between U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection and State, local, and tribal law enforcement agencies; (5) construct checkpoints along the South-ern border to bridge the gap to long-term permanent checkpoints; and (6) provide intelligence support. (d) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense shall deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistical support as may be necessary to ensure success of the operations and missions conducted by the National Guard under this section. (e) REIMBURSEMENT REQUIRED .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall reimburse States for the cost of the de-ployment of any units or personnel of the National Guard to perform operations and missions in full-time State Active Duty in support of a southern border mission. The Secretary of Defense may not seek reim-bursement from the Secretary for any reim-bursements paid to States for the costs of such deployments. (2) L
IMITATION .—The total amount of reim-bursements under this section may not ex-ceed $35,000,000 for any fiscal year. 
SEC. 3117. NATIONAL GUARD SUPPORT TO SE-CURE THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary, shall provide assistance to U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection for purposes of increasing on-going efforts to secure the southern border. (b) T
YPES OF ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— The assistance provided under subsection (a) may include— (1) deployment of manned aircraft, un-manned aerial surveillance systems, and ground-based surveillance systems to sup-port continuous surveillance of the southern border; and (2) intelligence analysis support. (c) M
ATERIEL AND LOGISTICAL SUPPORT .— The Secretary of Defense may deploy such materiel, equipment, and logistics support as may be necessary to ensure the effectiveness of the assistance provided under subsection (a). (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense $75,000,000 to pro-vide assistance under this section. The Sec-retary of Defense may not seek reimburse-ment from the Secretary for any assistance provided under this section. (e) R
EPORTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary of De-fense shall submit a report to the appro-priate congressional defense committees (as defined in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code) regarding any assistance pro-vided under subsection (a) during the period specified in paragraph (3). (2) E
LEMENTS .—Each report under para-graph (1) shall include, for the period speci-fied in paragraph (3), a description of— (A) the assistance provided; (B) the sources and amounts of funds used to provide such assistance; and (C) the amounts obligated to provide such assistance. (3) P
ERIOD SPECIFIED .—The period specified in this paragraph is— (A) in the case of the first report required under paragraph (1), the 90-day period begin-ning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) in the case of any subsequent report submitted under paragraph (1), the calendar year for which the report is submitted. 
SEC. 3118. PROHIBITIONS ON ACTIONS THAT IM-PEDE BORDER SECURITY ON CER-TAIN FEDERAL LAND. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON INTERFERENCE WITH U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary concerned may not impede, prohibit, or restrict activi-ties of U.S. Customs and Border Protection on covered Federal land to carry out the ac-tivities described in subsection (b). (2) A
PPLICABILITY .—The authority of U.S. Customs and Border Protection to conduct activities described in subsection (b) on cov-ered Federal land applies without regard to whether a state of emergency exists. (b) A
UTHORIZED ACTIVITIES OF U.S. C US-
TOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall have immediate access to covered Federal land to conduct the activi-ties described in paragraph (2) on such land to prevent all unlawful entries into the United States, including entries by terror-ists, unlawful aliens, instruments of ter-rorism, narcotics, and other contraband through the southern border or the northern border. (2) ACTIVITIES DESCRIBED .—The activities described in this paragraph are— (A) the execution of search and rescue op-erations; (B) the use of motorized vehicles, foot pa-trols, and horseback to patrol the border area, apprehend illegal entrants, and rescue individuals; and (C) the design, testing, construction, in-stallation, deployment, and operation of physical barriers, tactical infrastructure, and technology pursuant to section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 3111 of this division). (c) C
LARIFICATION RELATING TO WAIVER AU-
THORITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The activities of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection described in sub-section (b)(2) may be carried out without re-gard to the provisions of law specified in paragraph (2). (2) P
ROVISIONS OF LAW SPECIFIED .—The pro- visions of law specified in this section are all Federal, State, or other laws, regulations, and legal requirements of, deriving from, or related to the subject of, the following laws: (A) The National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (B) The Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). (C) The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Clean Water Act’’). (D) Division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code (54 U.S.C. 300301 et seq.) (formerly known as the ‘‘National Historic Preservation Act’’). (E) The Migratory Bird Treaty Act (16 U.S.C. 703 et seq.). (F) The Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.). (G) The Archaeological Resources Protec-tion Act of 1979 (16 U.S.C. 470aa et seq.). (H) The Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.). (I) The Noise Control Act of 1972 (42 U.S.C. 4901 et seq.). (J) The Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq.). (K) The Comprehensive Environmental Re-sponse, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). (L) Chapter 3125 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Archae-ological and Historic Preservation Act’’). (M) The Antiquities Act (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.). (N) Chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘Historic Sites, Buildings, and Antiquities Act’’). (O) The Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.). (P) The Farmland Protection Policy Act (7 U.S.C. 4201 et seq.). (Q) The Coastal Zone Management Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.). (R) The Wilderness Act (16 U.S.C. 1131 et seq.). (S) The Federal Land Policy and Manage-ment Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). (T) The National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.). (U) The Fish and Wildlife Act of 1956 (16 U.S.C. 742a et seq.). (V) The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). (W) Subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code (commonly 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00137 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1066 February 14, 2018 
known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’). (X) The Otay Mountain Wilderness Act of 1999 (Public Law 106–145). (Y) Sections 102(29) and 103 of the Cali-fornia Desert Protection Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–433). (Z) Division A of subtitle I of title 54, United States Code (formerly known as the ‘‘National Park Service Organic Act’’. (AA) The National Park Service General Authorities Act (Public Law 91–383, 16 U.S.C. 1a–1 et seq.). (BB) Sections 401(7), 403, and 404 of the Na-tional Parks and Recreation Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–625). (CC) Sections 301(a) through (f) of the Ari-zona Desert Wilderness Act (Public Law 101– 628). (DD) The Rivers and Harbors Act of 1899 (33 U.S.C. 403). (EE) The Eagle Protection Act (16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.). (FF) The Native American Graves Protec-tion and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.). (GG) The American Indian Religious Free-dom Act (42 U.S.C. 1996). (HH) The Religious Freedom Restoration Act (42 U.S.C. 2000bb). (II) The National Forest Management Act of 1976 (16 U.S.C. 1600 et seq.). (JJ) The Multiple Use and Sustained Yield Act of 1960 (16 U.S.C. 528 et seq.). (3) A
PPLICABILITY OF WAIVER TO SUCCESSOR  
LAWS .—If a provision of law specified in para-graph (2) was repealed and incorporated into title 54, United States Code, after April 1, 2008, and before the date of the enactment of this Act, the waiver described in paragraph (1) shall apply to the provision of such title that corresponds to the provision of law specified in paragraph (2) to the same extent the waiver applied to that provision of law. (4) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The waiver authority under this subsection may not be construed as affecting, negating, or diminishing in any manner the applicability of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly re-ferred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), in any relevant matter. (d) P
ROTECTION OF LEGAL USES.—This sec- tion may not be construed to provide— (1) authority to restrict legal uses, such as grazing, hunting, mining, or recreation or the use of backcountry airstrips, on land under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture; or (2) any additional authority to restrict legal access to such land. (e) E
FFECT ON STATE AND PRIVATE LAND.— This section shall— (1) have no force or effect on State lands or private lands; and (2) not provide authority on or access to State lands or private lands. (f) T
RIBAL SOVEREIGNTY .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede, re-place, negate, or diminish treaties or other agreements between the United States and Indian tribes. (g) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The requirements of this section shall not apply to the extent that such requirements are in-compatible with any memorandum of under-standing or similar agreement entered into between the Commissioner and a National Park Unit before the date of the enactment of this Act. (h) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) C
OVERED FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘covered Federal land’’ includes all land under the control of the Secretary concerned that is located within 100 miles of the south-ern border or the northern border. (2) S
ECRETARY CONCERNED .—The term ‘‘Sec-retary concerned’’ means— (A) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of Agriculture, the Secretary of Agriculture; and (B) with respect to land under the jurisdic-tion of the Department of the Interior, the Secretary of the Interior. SEC. 3119. LANDOWNER AND RANCHER SECURITY ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF NATIONAL BORDER  S
ECURITY ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The Sec- retary shall establish a National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee, which— (1) may advise, consult with, report to, and make recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to border security matters, including— (A) verifying security claims and the bor-der security metrics established by the De-partment of Homeland Security under sec-tion 1092 of the National Defense Authoriza-tion Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 6 U.S.C. 223); and (B) discussing ways to improve the secu-rity of high traffic areas along the northern border and the southern border; and (2) may provide, through the Secretary, recommendations to Congress. (b) C
ONSIDERATION OF VIEWS.—The Sec- retary shall consider the information, ad-vice, and recommendations of the National Border Security Advisory Committee in for-mulating policy regarding matters affecting border security. (c) M
EMBERSHIP .—The National Border Se-curity Advisory Committee shall consist of at least one member from each State who— (1) has at least five years practical experi-ence in border security operations; or (2) lives and works in the United States within 80 miles from the southern border or the northern border. (d) N
ONAPPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVI-
SORY COMMITTEE ACT.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the National Border Security Advi-sory Committee. 
SEC. 3120. ERADICATION OF CARRIZO CANE AND SALT CEDAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary, after coordinating with the heads of the relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, shall begin eradi-cating the carrizo cane plant and any salt cedar along the Rio Grande River that im-pedes border security operations. (b) E
XTENT .—The waiver authority under subsection (c) of section 102 of the Illegal Im-migration Reform and Immigrant Responsi-bility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1103 note), as amended by section 3111 of this division, shall extend to activities carried out pursu-ant to this section. 
SEC. 3121. SOUTHERN BORDER THREAT ANAL-YSIS. 
(a) T HREAT ANALYSIS .— (1) R
EQUIREMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a Southern border threat anal-ysis. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The analysis submitted under paragraph (1) shall include an assess-ment of— (A) current and potential terrorism and criminal threats posed by individuals and or-ganized groups seeking— (i) to unlawfully enter the United States through the Southern border; or (ii) to exploit security vulnerabilities along the Southern border; (B) improvements needed at and between ports of entry along the Southern border to prevent terrorists and instruments of terror from entering the United States; (C) gaps in law, policy, and coordination between State, local, or tribal law enforce-ment, international agreements, or tribal agreements that hinder effective and effi-cient border security, counterterrorism, and anti-human smuggling and trafficking ef-forts; (D) the current percentage of situational awareness achieved by the Department along the Southern border; (E) the current percentage of operational control achieved by the Department on the Southern border; and (F) traveler crossing times and any poten-tial security vulnerability associated with prolonged wait times. (3) ANALYSIS REQUIREMENTS .—In compiling the Southern border threat analysis required under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider and examine— (A) the technology needs and challenges, including such needs and challenges identi-fied as a result of previous investments that have not fully realized the security and oper-ational benefits that were sought; (B) the personnel needs and challenges, in-cluding such needs and challenges associated with recruitment and hiring; (C) the infrastructure needs and chal-lenges; (D) the roles and authorities of State, local, and tribal law enforcement in general border security activities; (E) the status of coordination among Fed-eral, State, local, tribal, and Mexican law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity; (F) the terrain, population density, and cli-mate along the Southern border; and (G) the international agreements between the United States and Mexico related to bor-der security. (4) C
LASSIFIED FORM .—To the extent pos-sible, the Secretary shall submit the South-ern border threat analysis required under this subsection in unclassified form, but may submit a portion of the threat analysis in classified form if the Secretary determines such action is appropriate. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL STRATEGIC PLAN.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the submission of the threat analysis required under subsection (a) or June 30, 2018, and every five years thereafter, the Sec-retary, acting through the Chief of the U.S. Border Patrol, shall issue a Border Patrol Strategic Plan. (2) C
ONTENTS .—The Border Patrol Stra-tegic Plan required under this subsection shall include a consideration of— (A) the Southern border threat analysis re-quired under subsection (a), with an empha-sis on efforts to mitigate threats identified in such threat analysis; (B) efforts to analyze and disseminate bor-der security and border threat information between border security components of the Department and other appropriate Federal departments and agencies with missions as-sociated with the Southern border; (C) efforts to increase situational aware-ness, including— (i) surveillance capabilities, including ca-pabilities developed or utilized by the De-partment of Defense, and any appropriate technology determined to be excess by the Department of Defense; and (ii) the use of manned aircraft and un-manned aerial systems, including camera and sensor technology deployed on such as-sets; (D) efforts to detect and prevent terrorists and instruments of terrorism from entering the United States; (E) efforts to detect, interdict, and disrupt aliens and illicit drugs at the earliest pos-sible point; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00138 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1067 February 14, 2018 
(F) efforts to focus intelligence collection to disrupt transnational criminal organiza-tions outside of the international and mari-time borders of the United States; (G) efforts to ensure that any new border security technology can be operationally in-tegrated with existing technologies in use by the Department; (H) any technology required to maintain, support, and enhance security and facilitate trade at ports of entry, including nonintru-sive detection equipment, radiation detec-tion equipment, biometric technology, sur-veillance systems, and other sensors and technology that the Secretary determines to be necessary; (I) operational coordination unity of effort initiatives of the border security components of the Department, including any relevant task forces of the Department; (J) lessons learned from Operation Jumpstart and Operation Phalanx; (K) cooperative agreements and informa-tion sharing with State, local, tribal, terri-torial, and other Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the North-ern border or the Southern border; (L) border security information received from consultation with State, local, tribal, territorial, and Federal law enforcement agencies that have jurisdiction on the North-ern border or the Southern border, or in the maritime environment, and from border community stakeholders (including through public meetings with such stakeholders), in-cluding representatives from border agricul-tural and ranching organizations and rep-resentatives from business and civic organi-zations along the Northern border or the Southern border; (M) staffing requirements for all depart-mental border security functions; (N) a prioritized list of departmental re-search and development objectives to en-hance the security of the Southern border; (O) an assessment of training programs, in-cluding training programs for— (i) identifying and detecting fraudulent documents; (ii) understanding the scope of enforce-ment authorities and the use of force poli-cies; and (iii) screening, identifying, and addressing vulnerable populations, such as children and victims of human trafficking; and (P) an assessment of how border security operations affect border crossing times. 
SEC. 3122. AMENDMENTS TO U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION. 
(a) D UTIES .—Subsection (c) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) in paragraph (18), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (19) as para-graph (21); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (18) the fol-lowing new paragraphs: ‘‘(19) administer the U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection public private partnerships under subtitle G; ‘‘(20) administer preclearance operations under the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4431 et seq.; enacted as sub-title B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.); and’’. (b) O
FFICE OF FIELD OPERATIONS STAFF -
ING.—Subparagraph (A) of section 411(g)(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(g)(5)) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘compared to the number indicated by the current fiscal year work flow staffing model’’. (c) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Subparagraph (B) of section 814(e)(1) of the Preclearance Authorization Act of 2015 (19 U.S.C. 4433(e)(1); enacted as subtitle B of title VIII of the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforce-ment Act of 2015; 19 U.S.C. 4301 et seq.) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(B) a port of entry vacancy rate which compares the number of officers identified in subparagraph (A) with the number of officers at the port at which such officer is currently assigned.’’. (d) DEFINITION .—Subsection (r) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section, the terms’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘this section: ‘‘(1) the terms’’; (2) in paragraph (1), as added by subpara-graph (A), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) the term ‘unmanned aerial systems’ has the meaning given the term ‘unmanned aircraft system’ in section 331 of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Pub-lic Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note).’’. 
SEC. 3123. AGENT AND OFFICER TECHNOLOGY USE. 
In carrying out section 102 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (as amended by section 3111 of this division) and section 3113 of this division, the Secretary shall, to the greatest extent practicable, ensure that technology deployed to gain situational awareness and operational control of the border be provided to front-line officers and agents of the De-partment of Homeland Security. 
SEC. 3124. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by section 3115 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 436. INTEGRATED BORDER ENFORCEMENT TEAMS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish within the Department a program to be known as the Integrated Border En-forcement Team program (referred to in this section as ‘IBET’). ‘‘(b) P
URPOSE .—The Secretary shall admin-ister the IBET program in a manner that re-sults in a cooperative approach between the United States and Canada to— ‘‘(1) strengthen security between des-ignated ports of entry; ‘‘(2) detect, prevent, investigate, and re-spond to terrorism and violations of law re-lated to border security; ‘‘(3) facilitate collaboration among compo-nents and offices within the Department and international partners; ‘‘(4) execute coordinated activities in fur-therance of border security and homeland se-curity; and ‘‘(5) enhance information-sharing, includ-ing the dissemination of homeland security information among such components and of-fices. ‘‘(c) C
OMPOSITION AND LOCATION OF  IBET
S.— ‘‘(1) C
OMPOSITION .—IBETs shall be led by the United States Border Patrol and may be comprised of personnel from the following: ‘‘(A) Other subcomponents of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(B) U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement, led by Homeland Security Inves-tigations. ‘‘(C) The Coast Guard, for the purpose of securing the maritime borders of the United States. ‘‘(D) Other Department personnel, as ap-propriate. ‘‘(E) Other Federal departments and agen-cies, as appropriate. ‘‘(F) Appropriate State law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(G) Foreign law enforcement partners. ‘‘(H) Local law enforcement agencies from affected border cities and communities. ‘‘(I) Appropriate tribal law enforcement agencies. ‘‘(2) LOCATION .—The Secretary is author-ized to establish IBETs in regions in which such teams can contribute to IBET missions, as appropriate. When establishing an IBET, the Secretary shall consider the following: ‘‘(A) Whether the region in which the IBET would be established is significantly im-pacted by cross-border threats. ‘‘(B) The availability of Federal, State, local, tribal, and foreign law enforcement re-sources to participate in an IBET. ‘‘(C) Whether, in accordance with para-graph (3), other joint cross-border initiatives already take place within the region in which the IBET would be established, includ-ing other Department cross-border programs such as the Integrated Cross-Border Mari-time Law Enforcement Operation Program established under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border En-forcement Security Task Force established under section 432. ‘‘(3) D
UPLICATION OF EFFORTS .—In deter- mining whether to establish a new IBET or to expand an existing IBET in a given region, the Secretary shall ensure that the IBET under consideration does not duplicate the efforts of other existing interagency task forces or centers within such region, includ-ing the Integrated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforcement Operation Program estab-lished under section 711 of the Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2012 (46 U.S.C. 70101 note) or the Border Enforcement Security Task Force established under sec-tion 432. ‘‘(d) O
PERATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After determining the regions in which to establish IBETs, the Sec-retary may— ‘‘(A) direct the assignment of Federal per-sonnel to such IBETs; and ‘‘(B) take other actions to assist Federal, State, local, and tribal entities to partici-pate in such IBETs, including providing fi-nancial assistance, as appropriate, for oper-ational, administrative, and technological costs associated with such participation. ‘‘(2) L
IMITATION .—Coast Guard personnel assigned under paragraph (1) may be as-signed only for the purposes of securing the maritime borders of the United States, in ac-cordance with subsection (c)(1)(C). ‘‘(e) C
OORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate the IBET program with other similar border security and antiterrorism programs within the Department in accord-ance with the strategic objectives of the Cross-Border Law Enforcement Advisory Committee. ‘‘(f) M
EMORANDA OF UNDERSTANDING .—The Secretary may enter into memoranda of un-derstanding with appropriate representatives of the entities specified in subsection (c)(1) necessary to carry out the IBET program. ‘‘(g) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which an IBET is established and biannually thereafter for the following six years, the Secretary shall submit to the ap-propriate congressional committees, includ-ing the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, and in the case of Coast Guard personnel used to secure the maritime borders of the United States, addi-tionally to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Rep-resentatives, a report that— ‘‘(1) describes the effectiveness of IBETs in fulfilling the purposes specified in subsection (b); 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00139 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1068 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(2) assess the impact of certain challenges on the sustainment of cross-border IBET op-erations, including challenges faced by inter-national partners; ‘‘(3) addresses ways to support joint train-ing for IBET stakeholder agencies and radio interoperability to allow for secure cross- border radio communications; and ‘‘(4) assesses how IBETs, Border Enforce-ment Security Task Forces, and the Inte-grated Cross-Border Maritime Law Enforce-ment Operation Program can better align op-erations, including interdiction and inves-tigation activities.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 435 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 436. Integrated Border Enforcement Teams.’’. 
SEC. 3125. TUNNEL TASK FORCES. 
The Secretary is authorized to establish Tunnel Task Forces for the purposes of de-tecting and remediating tunnels that breach the international border of the United States. 
SEC. 3126. PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF ELECTRO-MAGNETIC SPECTRUM IN SUPPORT OF BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, in consulta-tion with the Assistant Secretary of Com-merce for Communications and Information, shall conduct a pilot program to test and evaluate the use of electromagnetic spec-trum by U.S. Customs and Border Protection in support of border security operations through— (1) ongoing management and monitoring of spectrum to identify threats such as unau-thorized spectrum use, and the jamming and hacking of United States communications assets, by persons engaged in criminal enter-prises; (2) automated spectrum management to enable greater efficiency and speed for U.S. Customs and Border Protection in addressing emerging challenges in overall spectrum use on the United States border; and (3) coordinated use of spectrum resources to better facilitate interoperability and interagency cooperation and interdiction ef-forts at or near the United States border. (b) R
EPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the conclusion of the pilot pro-gram conducted under subsection (a), the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Rep-resentatives and the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the findings and data derived from such pro-gram. 
SEC. 3127. HOMELAND SECURITY FOREIGN AS-SISTANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 231 et seq.), as amended by sections 3115 and 3124 of this division, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 437. SECURITY ASSISTANCE. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide to a foreign government, financial assistance and, with or without reimburse-ment, security assistance, including equip-ment, training, maintenance, supplies, and sustainment support. ‘‘(b) D
ETERMINATION .—The Secretary may only provide financial assistance or security assistance pursuant to subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such assistance would enhance the recipient government’s capacity to— ‘‘(1) mitigate the risk or threat of transnational organized crime and terrorism; ‘‘(2) address irregular migration flows that may affect the United States, including any detention or removal operations of the re-cipient government; or ‘‘(3) protect and expedite legitimate trade and travel. ‘‘(c) LIMITATION ON TRANSFER .—The Sec- retary may not— ‘‘(1) transfer any equipment or supplies that are designated as a munitions item or controlled on the United States Munitions List, pursuant to section 38 of the Foreign Military Sales Act (22 U.S.C. 2778); or ‘‘(2) transfer any vessel or aircraft pursu-ant to this section. ‘‘(d) R
ELATED TRAINING .—In conjunction with a transfer of equipment pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary may provide such equipment-related training and assist-ance as the Secretary determines necessary. ‘‘(e) M
AINTENANCE OF TRANSFERRED EQUIP-
MENT .—The Secretary may provide for the maintenance of transferred equipment through service contracts or other means, with or without reimbursement, as the Sec-retary determines necessary. ‘‘(f) R
EIMBURSEMENT OF EXPENSES .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may col-lect payment from the receiving entity for the provision of security assistance under this section, including equipment, training, maintenance, supplies, sustainment support, and related shipping costs. ‘‘(2) T
RANSFER .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, to the extent the Sec-retary does not collect payment pursuant to paragraph (1), any amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Homeland Security may be transferred to the account that finances the security as-sistance provided pursuant to subsection (a). ‘‘(g) R
ECEIPTS CREDITED AS OFFSETTING  C
OLLECTIONS .—Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, any reim-bursement collected pursuant to subsection (f) shall— ‘‘(1) be credited as offsetting collections to the account that finances the security as-sistance under this section for which such re-imbursement is received; and ‘‘(2) remain available until expended for the purpose of carrying out this section. ‘‘(h) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting, augmenting, or diminishing the authority of the Secretary of State.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 436 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 437. Security assistance.’’. CHAPTER 2—PERSONNEL 
SEC. 3131. ADDITIONAL U.S. CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PROTECTION AGENTS AND OF-FICERS. 
(a) B ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 26,370 full-time equivalent agents. (b) CBP O
FFICERS .—In addition to positions authorized before the date of the enactment of this Act and any existing officer vacancies within U.S. Customs and Border Protection as of such date, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign to duty, not later than Sep-tember 30, 2022— (1) sufficient U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection officers to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 27,725 full-time equivalent officers; and (2) 350 full-time support staff distributed among all United States ports of entry. (c) A
IR AND MARINE OPERATIONS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient agents for Air and Marine Operations of U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection to maintain not fewer than 1,675 full-time equivalent agents and not fewer than 264 Marine and Air Inter-diction Agents for southern border air and maritime operations. (d) U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  K–9 U
NITS AND HANDLERS .— (1) K–9 
UNITS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall deploy not fewer than 300 new K–9 units, with sup-porting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection and other required staff, at land ports of entry and checkpoints, on the south-ern border and the northern border. (2) U
SE OF CANINES .—The Commissioner shall prioritize the use of canines at the pri-mary inspection lanes at land ports of entry and checkpoints. (e) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  H
ORSEBACK UNITS.— (1) I
NCREASE .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall increase the number of horseback units, with supporting officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion and other required staff, by not fewer than 100 officers and 50 horses for security patrol along the Southern border. (2) H
ORSEBACK UNIT SUPPORT .—The Com-missioner shall construct new stables, main-tain and improve existing stables, and pro-vide other resources needed to maintain the health and well-being of the horses that serve in the horseback units of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (f) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  S
EARCH TRAUMA AND RESCUE TEAMS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commis-sioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers engaged in search and res-cue activities along the southern border. (g) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  T
UNNEL DETECTION AND TECHNOLOGY PRO-
GRAM .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall increase by not fewer than 50 the number of officers assisting task forces and activities related to deploy-ment and operation of border tunnel detec-tion technology and apprehensions of indi-viduals using such tunnels for crossing into the United States, drug trafficking, or human smuggling. (h) A
GRICULTURAL SPECIALISTS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall hire, train, and assign to duty, in addition to the officers and agents authorized under sub-sections (a) through (g), 631 U.S. Customs and Border Protection agricultural special-ists to ports of entry along the southern bor-der and the northern border. (i) O
FFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI -
BILITY .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and as-sign sufficient Office of Professional Respon-sibility special agents to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 550 full-time equivalent special agents. (j) U.S. C
USTOMS AND BORDER PROTECTION  O
FFICE OF INTELLIGENCE .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Commissioner shall hire, train, and assign sufficient Office of In-telligence personnel to maintain not fewer than 700 full-time equivalent employees. (k) GAO R
EPORT .—If the staffing levels re-quired under this section are not achieved by September 30, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the reasons why such levels were not achieved. 
SEC. 3132. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION RETENTION INCENTIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment authorities ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00140 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1069 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection described under any of subsections (a) through (h) of section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means the Committee on Over-sight and Government Reform, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security, and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate. ‘‘(b) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) S
TATEMENT OF PURPOSE AND LIMITA -
TION.—The purpose of this subsection is to allow U.S. Customs and Border Protection to expeditiously meet the hiring goals and staffing levels required by section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018. The Secretary shall not use this authority be-yond meeting the requirements of such sec-tion. ‘‘(2) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .—The Sec-retary may appoint, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, can-didates to positions in the competitive serv-ice as CBP employees if the Secretary has given public notice for the positions. ‘‘(3) R
ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a recruit-ment or relocation bonus of up to 50 percent of the annual rate of basic pay to an indi-vidual CBP employee at the beginning of the service period multiplied by the number of years (including a fractional part of a year) in the required service period to an indi-vidual (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that condi-tions consistent with the conditions de-scribed in paragraphs (1) and (2) of sub-section (b) of such section 5753 are satisfied with respect to the individual (without re-gard to the regulations referenced in sub-section (b)(2)(B(ii)(I) of such section or to any other provision of that section); and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) R
ETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus of up to 50 per-cent of basic pay to an individual CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of such section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP employee (without regard to any other provision of that section); ‘‘(ii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(5) RULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee under— ‘‘(i) paragraph (3) may not exceed 100 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (4) may not exceed 50 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee. ‘‘(B) R
ELATIONSHIP TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose, includ-ing for retirement or in computing a lump- sum payment to the covered employee for accumulated and accrued annual leave under section 5551 or section 5552. ‘‘(C) P
ERIOD OF SERVICE FOR RECRUITMENT , 
RELOCATION , AND RETENTION BONUSES .— ‘‘(i) A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (4) may not be based on any period of such service which is the basis for a re-cruitment or relocation bonus under para-graph (3). ‘‘(ii) A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (3) or (4) may not be based on any period of service which is the basis for a re-cruitment or relocation bonus under section 5753 or a retention bonus under section 5754. ‘‘(c) S
PECIAL RATES OF PAY.—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may establish special rates of pay in accordance with that section to assist the Secretary in meeting the requirements of section 1131 of the Bor-der Security for America Act of 2018. The Di-rector shall prioritize the consideration of requests from the Secretary for such special rates of pay and issue a decision as soon as practicable. The Secretary shall provide such information to the Director as the Di-rector deems necessary to evaluate special rates of pay under this subsection. ‘‘(d) OPM O
VERSIGHT .— ‘‘(1) Not later than September 30 of each year, the Secretary shall provide a report to the Director on U.S. Customs and Border Protection’s use of authorities provided under subsections (b) and (c). In each report, the Secretary shall provide such information as the Director determines is appropriate to ensure appropriate use of authorities under such subsections. Each report shall also in-clude an assessment of— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of authorities under subsections (b) and (c) on implementa-tion of section 1131 of the Border Security for America Act of 2018; ‘‘(B) solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the agency, including at specific lo-cations; ‘‘(C) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the agency or specific lo-cations; and ‘‘(D) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use authorities provided under this section at the agency or at specific loca-tions. ‘‘(2) CONSIDERATION .—In compiling a report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall con-sider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (b) and (c) and then transferred to a new lo-cation or left U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—In addition to the Di-rector, the Secretary shall submit each re-port required under this subsection to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(e) OPM A
CTION .—If the Director deter-mines the Secretary has inappropriately used authorities under subsection (b) or a special rate of pay provided under subsection (c), the Director shall notify the Secretary and the appropriate congressional commit-tees in writing. Upon receipt of the notifica-tion, the Secretary may not make any new appointments or issue any new bonuses under subsection (b), nor provide CBP em-ployees with further special rates of pay, until the Director has provided the Sec-retary and the appropriate congressional committees a written notice stating the Di-rector is satisfied safeguards are in place to prevent further inappropriate use. ‘‘(f) I
MPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and in conjunc-tion with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall develop and implement a strategy to improve the education regarding hiring and human resources flexibilities (in-cluding hiring and human resources flexibili-ties for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency head-quarters or field offices, who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assessment, or se-lection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(B) Regular training sessions for per-sonnel who are critical to filling open posi-tions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(C) The development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, consistent with authorities provided to the Secretary to address identified hiring challenges, includ-ing in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(D) Developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through the relationships with institutions of higher education, as de-fined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), veterans transi-tion and employment centers, and job place-ment program in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(E) Examination of existing agency pro-grams on how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are can-didates or new hires in a rural or remote area. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00141 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1070 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(F) Feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families. ‘‘(G) Feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families. ‘‘(H) Evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of those programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions, including in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges, including in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. ‘‘(g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than two years after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall review the use of hiring and pay flexibilities under subsections (b) and (c) to determine whether the use of such flexibili-ties is helping the Secretary meet hiring and retention needs, including in rural and re-mote areas. ‘‘(h) R
EPORT ON POLYGRAPH REQUESTS .— The Secretary shall report to the appro-priate congressional committees on the number of requests the Secretary receives from any other Federal agency for the file of an applicant for a position in U.S. Customs and Border Protection that includes the re-sults of a polygraph examination. ‘‘(i) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (b) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71 and any collec-tive bargaining agreement. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .—The Secretary may dele-gate any authority under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from applicability of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(k) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (b) and (c) shall terminate on Sep-tember 30, 2022. Any bonus to be paid pursu-ant to subsection (b) that is approved before such date may continue until such bonus has been paid, subject to the conditions specified in this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection temporary employment au-thorities.’’. SEC. 3133. ANTI-BORDER CORRUPTION REAU-THORIZATION ACT. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Anti-Border Corruption Reau-thorization Act of 2018’’. (b) H
IRING FLEXIBILITY .—Section 3 of the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010 (6 U.S.C. 221) is amended by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) W
AIVER AUTHORITY .—The Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion may waive the application of subsection (a)(1)— ‘‘(1) to a current, full-time law enforce-ment officer employed by a State or local law enforcement agency who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) is authorized by law to engage in or supervise the prevention, detection, inves-tigation, or prosecution of, or the incarcer-ation of any person for, any violation of law, and has statutory powers for arrest or appre-hension; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) has, within the past ten years, suc-cessfully completed a polygraph examination as a condition of employment with such offi-cer’s current law enforcement agency; ‘‘(2) to a current, full-time Federal law en-forcement officer who— ‘‘(A) has continuously served as a law en-forcement officer for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) is authorized to make arrests, conduct investigations, conduct searches, make sei-zures, carry firearms, and serve orders, war-rants, and other processes; ‘‘(C) is not currently under investigation, has not been found to have engaged in crimi-nal activity or serious misconduct, has not resigned from a law enforcement officer posi-tion under investigation or in lieu of termi-nation, and has not been dismissed from a law enforcement officer position; and ‘‘(D) holds a current Tier 4 background in-vestigation or current Tier 5 background in-vestigation; and ‘‘(3) to a member of the Armed Forces (or a reserve component thereof) or a veteran, if such individual— ‘‘(A) has served in the Armed Forces for not fewer than three years; ‘‘(B) holds, or has held within the past five years, a Secret, Top Secret, or Top Secret/ Sensitive Compartmented Information clear-ance; ‘‘(C) holds, or has undergone within the past five years, a current Tier 4 background investigation or current Tier 5 background investigation; ‘‘(D) received, or is eligible to receive, an honorable discharge from service in the Armed Forces and has not engaged in crimi-nal activity or committed a serious military or civil offense under the Uniform Code of Military Justice; and ‘‘(E) was not granted any waivers to obtain the clearance referred to subparagraph (B). ‘‘(c) T
ERMINATION OF WAIVER AUTHORITY .— The authority to issue a waiver under sub-section (b) shall terminate on the date that is four years after the date of the enactment of the Border Security for America Act of 2018.’’. (c) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY AND DEFINITIONS .— (1) S
UPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AUTHOR -
ITY.—Section 4 of the Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010 is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘SEC. 4. SUPPLEMENTAL COMMISSIONER AU-THORITY. 
‘‘(a) N ON-EXEMPTION .—An individual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) is not ex-empt from other hiring requirements relat-ing to suitability for employment and eligi-bility to hold a national security designated position, as determined by the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(b) B
ACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS .—Any in- dividual who receives a waiver under section 3(b) who holds a current Tier 4 background investigation shall be subject to a Tier 5 background investigation. ‘‘(c) A
DMINISTRATION OF POLYGRAPH EXAM-
INATION .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection is authorized to ad-minister a polygraph examination to an ap-plicant or employee who is eligible for or re-ceives a waiver under section 3(b) if informa-tion is discovered before the completion of a background investigation that results in a determination that a polygraph examination is necessary to make a final determination regarding suitability for employment or con-tinued employment, as the case may be.’’. (2) R
EPORT .—The Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by paragraph (1), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 5. REPORTING. 
‘‘(a) A NNUAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section and annually thereafter while the waiver authority under section 3(b) is in ef-fect, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall submit to Congress a report that includes, with respect to each such reporting period— ‘‘(1) the number of waivers requested, granted, and denied under section 3(b); ‘‘(2) the reasons for any denials of such waiver; ‘‘(3) the percentage of applicants who were hired after receiving a waiver; ‘‘(4) the number of instances that a poly-graph was administered to an applicant who initially received a waiver and the results of such polygraph; ‘‘(5) an assessment of the current impact of the polygraph waiver program on filling law enforcement positions at U.S. Customs and Border Protection; and ‘‘(6) additional authorities needed by U.S. Customs and Border Protection to better uti-lize the polygraph waiver program for its in-tended goals. ‘‘(b) A
DDITIONAL INFORMATION .—The first report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) an analysis of other methods of em-ployment suitability tests that detect decep-tion and could be used in conjunction with traditional background investigations to evaluate potential employees for suitability; and ‘‘(2) a recommendation regarding whether a test referred to in paragraph (1) should be adopted by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion when the polygraph examination re-quirement is waived pursuant to section 3(b).’’. (3) D
EFINITIONS .—The Anti-Border Corrup-tion Act of 2010, as amended by paragraphs (1) and (2), is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 6. DEFINITIONS. 
‘‘In this Act: ‘‘(1) F
EDERAL LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER .— The term ‘Federal law enforcement officer’ means a ‘law enforcement officer’ defined in section 8331(20) or 8401(17) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) S
ERIOUS MILITARY OR CIVIL OFFENSE .— The term ‘serious military or civil offense’ means an offense for which— ‘‘(A) a member of the Armed Forces may be discharged or separated from service in the Armed Forces; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00142 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1071 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(B) a punitive discharge is, or would be, authorized for the same or a closely related offense under the Manual for Court-Martial, as pursuant to Army Regulation 635–200 chapter 14–12. ‘‘(3) T
IER 4; TIER 5 .—The terms ‘Tier 4’ and ‘Tier 5’ with respect to background inves-tigations have the meaning given such terms under the 2012 Federal Investigative Stand-ards. ‘‘(4) V
ETERAN .—The term ‘veteran’ has the meaning given such term in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code.’’. (d) P
OLYGRAPH EXAMINERS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary shall in-crease to not fewer than 150 the number of trained full-time equivalent polygraph exam-iners for administering polygraphs under the Anti-Border Corruption Act of 2010, as amended by this chapter. 
SEC. 3134. TRAINING FOR OFFICERS AND AGENTS OF U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PRO-TECTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(l) T
RAINING AND CONTINUING EDUCATION .— ‘‘(1) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—The Commis-sioner shall ensure that every agent and offi-cer of U.S. Customs and Border Protection receives a minimum of 21 weeks of training that are directly related to the mission of the U.S. Border Patrol, Air and Marine, and the Office of Field Operations before the ini-tial assignment of such agents and officers. ‘‘(2) FLETC.—The Commissioner shall work in consultation with the Director of the Federal Law Enforcement Training Cen-ters to establish guidelines and curriculum for the training of agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection under sub-section (a). ‘‘(3) C
ONTINUING EDUCATION .—The Commis-sioner shall annually require all agents and officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion who are required to undergo training under subsection (a) to participate in not fewer than eight hours of continuing edu-cation annually to maintain and update un-derstanding of Federal legal rulings, court decisions, and Department policies, proce-dures, and guidelines related to relevant sub-ject matters. ‘‘(4) L
EADERSHIP TRAINING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Commissioner shall de-velop and require training courses geared to-wards the development of leadership skills for mid- and senior-level career employees not later than one year after such employees assume duties in supervisory roles.’’. (b) R
EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit to the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report identifying the guidelines and curriculum established to carry out sub-section (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. (c) A
SSESSMENT .—Not later than four years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that assesses the training and education, including con-tinuing education, required under subsection (l) of section 411 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by subsection (a) of this section. CHAPTER 3—GRANTS SEC. 3141. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program to be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’, under which the Secretary, acting through the Adminis-trator, shall make grants to eligible law en-forcement agencies, through the State ad-ministrative agency, to enhance border secu-rity in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency— ‘‘(1) shall be located in— ‘‘(A) a State bordering Canada or Mexico; or ‘‘(B) a State or territory with a maritime border; and ‘‘(2) shall be involved in an active, ongoing, U.S. Customs and Border Protection oper-ation coordinated through a U.S. Border Pa-trol sector office. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for— ‘‘(1) equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs; ‘‘(2) personnel, including overtime and backfill, in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities; ‘‘(3) any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s Fiscal Year 2017 Homeland Security Grant Program Notice of Funding Opportunity; and ‘‘(4) any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award grants under this section to grant recipients for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—For each of fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives a report that con-tains information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $22,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 for grants under this section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of section 2002 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. CHAPTER 4—AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS 
SEC. 3151. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
In addition to amounts otherwise author-ized to be appropriated, there are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018, $4,960,000,000 to implement this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle, of which— (1) $1,860,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment of Homeland Security to construct physical barriers pursuant to section 102 of the Illegal Immigration and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996, as amended by sec-tion 3111 of this division; (2) $200,000,000 shall be used by the Depart-ment to improve tactical infrastructure pur-suant to such section 102, as amended by such section 3111 of this division; (3) $1,160,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment to carry out section 3112 of this di-vision; (4) $40,000,000 shall be used by the Coast Guard for deployments of personnel and as-sets under paragraph (18) of section 3113(a) of this division; and (5) $1,700,000,000 shall be used by the De-partment to carry out section 3131 of this di-vision. Subtitle B—Emergency Port of Entry Personnel and Infrastructure Funding SEC. 3201. PORTS OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) A DDITIONAL PORTS OF ENTRY .— (1) A
UTHORITY .—The Administrator of Gen-eral Services may, subject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, construct new ports of entry along the northern border and southern border at locations determined by the Secretary. (2) C
ONSULTATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONSULT .—The Sec- retary and the Administrator of General Services shall consult with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Interior, the Sec-retary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Transportation, and appropriate representa-tives of State and local governments, and In-dian tribes, and property owners in the United States prior to determining a loca-tion for any new port of entry constructed pursuant to paragraph (1). (B) C
ONSIDERATIONS .—The purpose of the consultations required by subparagraph (A) shall be to minimize any negative impacts of constructing a new port of entry on the envi-ronment, culture, commerce, and quality of life of the communities and residents located near such new port. (b) E
XPANSION AND MODERNIZATION OF HIGH- P
RIORITY SOUTHERN BORDER PORTS OF  E
NTRY .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Administrator of General Services, sub-ject to section 3307 of title 40, United States Code, and in coordination with the Sec-retary, shall expand or modernize high-pri-ority ports of entry on the southern border, as determined by the Secretary, for the pur-poses of reducing wait times and enhancing security. (c) P
ORT OF ENTRY PRIORITIZATION .—Prior to constructing any new ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (a), the Administrator of General Services shall complete the expan-sion and modernization of ports of entry pur-suant to subsection (b) to the extent prac-ticable. (d) N
OTIFICATIONS .— (1) R
ELATING TO NEW PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 15 days after determining the lo-cation of any new port of entry for construc-tion pursuant to subsection (a), the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Members of Congress who represent the State or congres-sional district in which such new port of entry will be located, as well as the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Trans-portation and Infrastructure, and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives. Such notification shall include information relating to the location of such new port of entry, a description of the need 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00143 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1072 February 14, 2018 
for such new port of entry and associated an-ticipated benefits, a description of the con-sultations undertaken by the Secretary and the Administrator pursuant to paragraph (2) of such subsection, any actions that will be taken to minimize negative impacts of such new port of entry, and the anticipated time- line for construction and completion of such new port of entry. (2) R
ELATING TO EXPANSION AND MODERNIZA -
TION OF PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Sec-retary and the Administrator of General Services shall jointly notify the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs, the Committee on Finance, the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on Home-land Security, the Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives of the ports of entry on the southern border that are the subject of expansion or modernization pursuant to subsection (b) and the Secretary’s and Administrator’s plan for expanding or modernizing each such port of entry. (e) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as providing the Secretary new authority related to the construction, acquisition, or renovation of real property. 
SEC. 3202. SECURE COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that each U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officer or agent, if appropriate, is equipped with a secure radio or other two- way communication device, supported by system interoperability, that allows each such officer to communicate— (1) between ports of entry and inspection stations; and (2) with other Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement entities. (b) U.S. B
ORDER PATROL AGENTS .—The Sec- retary shall ensure that each U.S. Border Pa-trol agent or officer assigned or required to patrol on foot, by horseback, or with a ca-nine unit, in remote mission critical loca-tions, and at border checkpoints, has a multi- or dual-band encrypted portable radio. (c) LTE C
APABILITY .—In carrying out sub-section (b), the Secretary shall acquire ra-dios or other devices with the option to be LTE-capable for deployment in areas where LTE enhances operations and is cost effec-tive. 
SEC. 3203. BORDER SECURITY DEPLOYMENT PRO-GRAM. 
(a) E XPANSION .—Not later than September 30, 2021, the Secretary shall fully implement the Border Security Deployment Program of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and expand the integrated surveillance and in-trusion detection system at land ports of entry along the southern border and the northern border. (b) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is au-thorized to be appropriated $33,000,000 for fis-cal year 2018 to carry out subsection (a). 
SEC. 3204. NON-INTRUSIVE INSPECTION OPER-ATIONAL DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall establish a six- month operational demonstration to deploy a high-throughput non-intrusive passenger vehicle inspection system at not fewer than three land ports of entry along the United States-Mexico border with significant cross- border traffic. Such demonstration shall be located within the pre-primary traffic flow and should be scalable to span up to 26 con-tiguous in-bound traffic lanes without re- configuration of existing lanes. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the conclusion of the operational demonstra-tion under subsection (a), the Commissioner shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that describes the following: (1) The effects of such demonstration on le-gitimate travel and trade. (2) The effects of such demonstration on wait times, including processing times, for non-pedestrian traffic. (3) The effectiveness of such demonstration in combating terrorism and smuggling. 
SEC. 3205. BIOMETRIC EXIT DATA SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle B of title IV of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211 et seq.) is amended by inserting after sec-tion 415 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 416. BIOMETRIC ENTRY-EXIT. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(1) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this section, submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and the Com-mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Rep-resentatives an implementation plan to es-tablish a biometric exit data system to com-plete the integrated biometric entry and exit data system required under section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Pre-vention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b), includ-ing— ‘‘(A) an integrated master schedule and cost estimate, including requirements and design, development, operational, and main-tenance costs of such a system, that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Accountability Of-fice and the Department; ‘‘(B) cost-effective staffing and personnel requirements of such a system that leverages existing resources of the Department that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(C) a consideration of training programs necessary to establish such a system that takes into account prior reports on such matters issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(D) a consideration of how such a system will affect arrival and departure wait times that takes into account prior reports on such matter issued by the Government Account-ability Office and the Department; ‘‘(E) information received after consulta-tion with private sector stakeholders, in-cluding the— ‘‘(i) trucking industry; ‘‘(ii) airport industry; ‘‘(iii) airline industry; ‘‘(iv) seaport industry; ‘‘(v) travel industry; and ‘‘(vi) biometric technology industry; ‘‘(F) a consideration of how trusted trav-eler programs in existence as of the date of the enactment of this section may be im-pacted by, or incorporated into, such a sys-tem; ‘‘(G) defined metrics of success and mile-stones; ‘‘(H) identified risks and mitigation strate-gies to address such risks; ‘‘(I) a consideration of how other countries have implemented a biometric exit data sys-tem; and ‘‘(J) a list of statutory, regulatory, or ad-ministrative authorities, if any, needed to integrate such a system into the operations of the Transportation Security Administra-tion; and ‘‘(2) not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this section, establish a biometric exit data system at the— ‘‘(A) 15 United States airports that support the highest volume of international air trav-el, as determined by available Federal flight data; ‘‘(B) 10 United States seaports that support the highest volume of international sea trav-el, as determined by available Federal travel data; and ‘‘(C) 15 United States land ports of entry that support the highest volume of vehicle, pedestrian, and cargo crossings, as deter-mined by available Federal border crossing data. ‘‘(b) IMPLEMENTATION .— ‘‘(1) P
ILOT PROGRAM AT LAND PORTS OF  
ENTRY FOR NON -PEDESTRIAN OUTBOUND TRAF -
FIC.—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary, in collaboration with industry stakeholders, shall establish a six-month pilot program to test the biometric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) on non-pedestrian outbound traffic at not fewer than three land ports of entry with signifi-cant cross-border traffic, including at not fewer than two land ports of entry on the southern land border and at least one land port of entry on the northern land border. Such pilot program may include a consider-ation of more than one biometric mode, and shall be implemented to determine the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) How a nationwide implementation of such biometric exit data system at land ports of entry shall be carried out. ‘‘(B) The infrastructure required to carry out subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) The effects of such pilot program on legitimate travel and trade. ‘‘(D) The effects of such pilot program on wait times, including processing times, for such non-pedestrian traffic. ‘‘(E) The effects of such pilot program on combating terrorism. ‘‘(F) The effects of such pilot program on identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(2) A
T LAND PORTS OF ENTRY FOR NON -PE-
DESTRIAN OUTBOUND TRAFFIC .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall expand the bio-metric exit data system referred to in sub-section (a)(2) to all land ports of entry, and such system shall apply only in the case of non-pedestrian outbound traffic. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION .—The Secretary may ex-tend for a single two-year period the date specified in subparagraph (A) if the Sec-retary certifies to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Sen-ate and the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives that the 15 land ports of entry that support the highest volume of passenger vehicles, as determined by available Federal data, do not have the physical infrastructure or characteristics to install the systems necessary to implement a biometric exit data system. ‘‘(3) A
T AIR AND SEA PORTS OF ENTRY .—Not later than five years after the date of the en-actment of this section, the Secretary shall expand the biometric exit data system re-ferred to in subsection (a)(2) to all air and sea ports of entry. ‘‘(4) A
T LAND PORTS OF ENTRY FOR PEDES -
TRIANS .—Not later than five years after the date of the enactment of this section, the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00144 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1073 February 14, 2018 
Secretary shall expand the biometric exit data system referred to in subsection (a)(2) to all land ports of entry, and such system shall apply only in the case of pedestrians. ‘‘(c) E
FFECTS ON AIR, S EA, AND LAND T
RANSPORTATION .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with appropriate private sector stakeholders, shall ensure that the collec-tion of biometric data under this section causes the least possible disruption to the movement of people or cargo in air, sea, or land transportation, while fulfilling the goals of improving counterterrorism efforts and identifying visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(d) T
ERMINATION OF PROCEEDING .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall, on the date of the enact-ment of this section, terminate the pro-ceeding entitled ‘Collection of Alien Biomet-ric Data Upon Exit From the United States at Air and Sea Ports of Departure; United States Visitor and Immigrant Status Indi-cator Technology Program (‘‘US–VISIT’’)’, issued on April 24, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 22065). ‘‘(e) D
ATA-MATCHING .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall— ‘‘(1) match biometric information for an individual, regardless of nationality, citizen-ship, or immigration status, who is depart-ing the United States against biometric data previously provided to the United States Government by such individual for the pur-poses of international travel; ‘‘(2) leverage the infrastructure and data-bases of the current biometric entry and exit system established pursuant to section 7208 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (8 U.S.C. 1365b) for the purpose described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(3) be interoperable with, and allow matching against, other Federal databases that— ‘‘(A) store biometrics of known or sus-pected terrorists; and ‘‘(B) identify visa holders who violate the terms of their visas. ‘‘(f) S
COPE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The biometric exit data system established under this section shall include a requirement for the collection of biometric exit data at the time of departure for all categories of individuals who are re-quired by the Secretary to provide biometric entry data. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN OTHER INDIVID -
UALS .—This section shall not apply in the case of an individual who exits and then en-ters the United States on a passenger vessel (as such term is defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) the itinerary of which originates and terminates in the United States. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION FOR LAND PORTS OF ENTRY .— This section shall not apply in the case of a United States or Canadian citizen who exits the United States through a land port of entry. ‘‘(g) C
OLLECTION OF DATA.—The Secretary may not require any non-Federal person to collect biometric data, or contribute to the costs of collecting or administering the bio-metric exit data system established under this section, except through a mutual agree-ment. ‘‘(h) M
ULTI-MODAL COLLECTION .—In car- rying out subsections (a)(1) and (b), the Sec-retary shall make every effort to collect bio-metric data using multiple modes of bio-metrics. ‘‘(i) F
ACILITIES .—All facilities at which the biometric exit data system established under this section is implemented shall provide and maintain space for Federal use that is adequate to support biometric data collec-tion and other inspection-related activity. For non-federally owned facilities, such space shall be provided and maintained at no cost to the Government. For all facilities at land ports of entry, such space requirements shall be coordinated with the Administrator of General Services. ‘‘(j) NORTHERN LAND BORDER .—In the case of the northern land border, the require-ments under subsections (a)(2)(C), (b)(2)(A), and (b)(4) may be achieved through the shar-ing of biometric data provided to U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection by the Canadian Border Services Agency pursuant to the 2011 Beyond the Border agreement. ‘‘(k) F
AIR AND OPEN COMPETITION .—The Secretary shall procure goods and services to implement this section via fair and open competition in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulations. ‘‘(l) O
THER BIOMETRIC INITIATIVES .—Noth- ing in this section may be construed as lim-iting the authority of the Secretary to col-lect biometric information in circumstances other than as specified in this section. ‘‘(m) C
ONGRESSIONAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representa-tives reports and recommendations regard-ing the Science and Technology Direc-torate’s Air Entry and Exit Re-Engineering Program of the Department and the U.S. Customs and Border Protection entry and exit mobility program demonstrations. ‘‘(n) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall prohibit the collection of user fees permitted by section 13031 of the Consoli-dated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 (19 U.S.C. 58c).’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 415 the fol-lowing new item: ‘‘Sec. 416. Biometric entry-exit.’’. 
SEC. 3206. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COOPERA-TION BETWEEN AGENCIES. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that personnel constraints exist at land ports of entry with regard to sanitary and phytosanitary inspec-tions for exported goods. (b) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that, in the best interest of cross- border trade and the agricultural commu-nity— (1) any lack of certified personnel for in-spection purposes at ports of entry should be addressed by seeking cooperation between agencies and departments of the United States, whether in the form of a memo-randum of understanding or through a cer-tification process, whereby additional exist-ing agents are authorized for additional hours to facilitate and expedite the flow of legitimate trade and commerce of perishable goods in a manner consistent with rules of the Department of Agriculture; and (2) cross designation should be available for personnel who will assist more than one agency or department of the United States at land ports of entry to facilitate and expe-dite the flow of increased legitimate trade and commerce. 
SEC. 3207. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
In addition to any amounts otherwise au-thorized to be appropriated for such purpose, there is authorized to be appropriated $250,000,000 for fiscal year 2018 to carry out this subtitle, of which— (1) $400,000 shall be used by the Secretary for hiring additional Uniform Management Center support personnel, purchasing uni-forms for CBP officers and agents, acquiring additional motor vehicles to support vehicle mounted surveillance systems, hiring addi-tional motor vehicle program support per-sonnel, and for contract support for cus-tomer service, vendor management, and op-erations management; and (2) $50,000,000 shall be used to implement the biometric exit data system described in section 416 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 3205 of this division. SEC. 3208. DEFINITION. 
In this subtitle, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. TITLE IV—LAWFUL STATUS FOR CERTAIN CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS 
SEC. 4101. DEFINITIONS. 
In this title: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the terms used in this title have the meanings given such terms in subsections (a) and (b) of section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). (2) C
ONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANT .—The term ‘‘contingent nonimmigrant’’ means an alien who is granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this title. (3) E
DUCATIONAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘‘educational institution’’ means— (A) an institution that is described in sec-tion 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)) or is a proprietary in-stitution of higher education (as defined in section 102(b) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1002(b))); (B) an elementary, primary, or secondary school within the United States; or (C) an educational program assisting stu-dents either in obtaining a high school equivalency diploma, certificate, or its rec-ognized equivalent under State law, or in passing a General Educational Development exam or other equivalent State-authorized exam or other applicable State requirements for high school equivalency. (4) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (5) S
EXUAL ASSAULT OR HARASSMENT .—The term ‘‘sexual assault or harassment’’ means— (A) conduct engaged in by an alien 18 years of age or older, which consists of unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors, or other verbal or physical conduct of a sex-ual nature, and— (i) submission to such conduct is made ei-ther explicitly or implicitly a term or condi-tion of an individual’s employment; (ii) submission to or rejection of such con-duct by an individual is used as the basis for employment decisions affecting such indi-vidual; or (iii) such conduct has the purpose or effect of creating an intimidating, hostile, or offen-sive environment; (B) conduct constituting a criminal offense of rape, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (C) conduct constituting a criminal offense of statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature involving a victim under the age of 18 years, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (D) sexual conduct with a minor who is under 14 years of age, or with a minor under 16 years of age where the alien was at least 4 years older than the minor; (E) conduct punishable under section 2251 or 2251A (relating to the sexual exploitation of children and the selling or buying of chil-dren), or section 2252 or 2252A (relating to certain activities relating to material in-volving the sexual exploitation of minors or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00145 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1074 February 14, 2018 
relating to material constituting or con-taining child pornography) of title 18, United States Code; or (F) conduct constituting the elements of any other Federal or State sexual offense re-quiring a defendant, if convicted, to register on a sexual offender registry (except that this provision shall not apply to convictions solely for urinating or defecating in public). (6) V
ICTIM .—The term ‘‘victim’’ has the meaning given the term in section 503(e) of the Victims’ Rights and Restitution Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 10607(e)). 
SEC. 4102. CONTINGENT NONIMMIGRANT STATUS FOR CERTAIN ALIENS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS MI-NORS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may grant contingent nonimmigrant status to an alien who— (1) meets the eligibility requirements set forth in subsection (b); (2) submits a completed application before the end of the period set forth in subsection (c)(2); and (3) has paid the fees required under sub-section (c)(5). (b) E
LIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien is eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status if the alien establishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien meets the requirements set forth in this subsection. (2) G
ENERAL REQUIREMENTS .—The require-ments under this paragraph are that the alien— (A) is physically present in the United States on the date on which the alien sub-mits an application for contingent non-immigrant status; (B) was physically present in the United States on June 15, 2007; (C) was younger than 16 years of age on the date the alien initially entered the United States; (D) is a person of good moral character; (E) was under 31 years of age on June 15, 2012, and at the time of filing an application under subsection (c); (F) has maintained continuous physical presence in the United States from June 15, 2012, until the date on which the alien is granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this section; (G) had no lawful immigration status on June 15, 2012; (H) has requested the release to the De-partment of Homeland Security of all records regarding their being adjudicated de-linquent in State or local juvenile court pro-ceedings, and the Department has obtained all such records; and (I) possesses a valid Employment Author-ization Document which authorizes the alien to work as of the date of the enactment of this Act, which was issued pursuant to the June 15, 2012, U.S. Department of Homeland Security Memorandum entitled, ‘‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion With Respect to In-dividuals Who Came to the United States as Children’’. (3) E
DUCATION REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may not be granted contingent nonimmigrant status under this section unless the alien estab-lishes by clear and convincing evidence that the alien— (i) is enrolled in, and is in regular full-time attendance at, an educational institution within the United States; or (ii) has acquired a diploma from a high school in the United States, has earned a General Educational Development certifi-cate recognized under State law, or has earned a recognized high school equivalency certificate under applicable State law. (B) EVIDENCE .—An alien shall demonstrate compliance with clause (i) or (ii) of subpara-graph (A) by providing a valid certified tran-script or diploma from the educational insti-tution the alien is enrolled in or from which the alien has acquired a diploma or certifi-cate. (4) G
ROUNDS FOR INELIGIBILITY .—An alien is ineligible for contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus if the Secretary determines that the alien— (A) has a conviction for— (i) an offense classified as a felony in the convicting jurisdiction; (ii) an aggravated felony; (iii) an offense classified as a misdemeanor in the convicting jurisdiction which in-volved— (I) domestic violence (as defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a))); (II) child abuse or neglect (as defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a))); (III) assault resulting in bodily injury (as such term is defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); (IV) the violation of a protection order (as such term is defined in section 2266 of title 18, United States Code); or (V) driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence (as such terms are de-fined in section 164(a)(2) of title 23, United States Code); (iv) two or more misdemeanor convictions (excluding minor traffic offenses that did not involve driving while intoxicated or driving under the influence, or that did not subject any individual other than the alien to bodily injury); or (v) any offense under foreign law, except for a purely political offense, which, if the offense had been committed in the United States, would render the alien inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) or deport-able under section 237(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)); (B) has been adjudicated delinquent in a State or local juvenile court proceeding for an offense equivalent to— (i) an offense relating to murder, man-slaughter, homicide, rape (whether the vic-tim was conscious or unconscious), statutory rape, or any offense of a sexual nature in-volving a victim under the age of 18 years, as described in section 101(a)(43)(A) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(43)(A)); (ii) a crime of violence, as such term is de-fined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code; or (iii) an offense punishable under section 401 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841); (C) has a conviction for any other criminal offense, which regard to which the alien has not satisfied any civil legal judgements awarded to any victims (or family members of victims) of the crime; (D) is described in section 212(a)(2)(J) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1882(a)(2)(J)) (relating to aliens associ-ated with criminal gangs); (E) has been charged with a felony or mis-demeanor offense (excluding minor traffic of-fenses that did not involve driving while in-toxicated or driving under the influence, or that did not subject any individual other than the alien to bodily injury), and the charge or charges are still pending; (F) is inadmissible under section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)), except that in determining an alien’s inadmissibility— (i) paragraphs (5), (7), and (9)(B) of such section shall not apply; and (ii) subparagraphs (A), (D), and (G) of para-graph (6), and paragraphs (9)(C)(i)(I) and (10)(B), of such section shall not apply, ex-cept in the case of the alien unlawfully en-tering the United States after June 15, 2007; (G) is deportable under section 237(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)), except that in determining an alien’s deportability— (i) subparagraph (A) of section 237(a)(1) of such Act shall not apply with respect to grounds of inadmissibility that do not apply pursuant to subparagraph (C) of such sec-tion; and (ii) subparagraphs (B) through (D) of sec-tion 237(a)(1) and section 237(a)(3)(A) of such Act shall not apply; (H) was, on the date of the enactment of this Act— (i) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence; (ii) an alien admitted as a refugee under section 207 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157), or granted asylum under section 208 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1157 and 1158); or (iii) an alien who, according to the records of the Secretary or the Secretary of State, is lawfully present in the United States in any nonimmigrant status (other than an alien considered to be a nonimmigrant solely due to the application of section 244(f)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(f)(4)) or the amendment made by sec-tion 702 of the Consolidated Natural Re-sources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229)), not-withstanding any unauthorized employment or other violation of nonimmigrant status; (I) has failed to comply with the require-ments of any removal order or voluntary de-parture agreement; (J) has been ordered removed in absentia pursuant to section 240(b)(5)(A) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(5)(A)); (K) has failed or refused to attend or re-main in attendance at a proceeding to deter-mine the alien’s inadmissibility or deport-ability; (L) if over the age of 18, has failed to dem-onstrate that he or she is able to maintain himself or herself at an annual income that is not less than 125 percent of the Federal poverty level throughout the period of ad-mission as a contingent nonimmigrant, un-less the alien has demonstrated that the alien is enrolled in, and is in regular full- time attendance at, an educational institu-tion within the United States; (M) is delinquent with respect to any Fed-eral, State, or local income or property tax liability; (N) has failed to pay to the Treasury, in addition to any amounts owed, an amount equal to the aggregate value of any disburse-ments received by such alien for refunds de-scribed in section 1324(b)(2); (O) has income that would result in tax li-ability under section 1 of the Internal Rev-enue Code of 1986 and that was not reported to the Internal Revenue Service; or (P) has at any time engaged in sexual as-sault or harassment. (c) A
PPLICATION PROCEDURES .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may apply for contingent nonimmigrant status by submit-ting a completed application form via elec-tronic filing to the Secretary during the ap-plication period set forth in paragraph (2), in accordance with the interim final rule made by the Secretary under section 1105. (2) A
PPLICATION PERIOD .—The Secretary may only accept applications for contingent nonimmigrant status from aliens in the United States during the 1-year period begin-ning on the date on which the interim final rule is published in the Federal Register pur-suant to section 1105. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00146 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1075 February 14, 2018 
(3) A PPLICATION FORM .— (A) R
EQUIRED INFORMATION .—The applica-tion form referred to in paragraph (1) shall collect such information as the Secretary de-termines to be necessary and appropriate in order to determine whether an alien meets the eligibility requirements set forth in sub-section (b). (B) I
NTERVIEW .—The Secretary shall con-duct an in-person interview of each applicant for contingent nonimmigrant status under this section as part of the determination as to whether the alien meets the eligibility re-quirements set forth in subsection (b). (4) D
OCUMENTARY REQUIREMENTS .—An ap- plication filed by an alien under this section shall include the following: (A) One or more of the following docu-ments demonstrating the alien’s identity: (i) A passport (or national identity docu-ment) from the alien’s country of origin. (ii) A certified birth certificate along with photo identification. (iii) A State-issued identification card bearing the alien’s name and photograph. (iv) An Armed Forces identification card issued by the Department of Defense. (v) A Coast Guard identification card issued by the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (B) A certified copy of the alien’s birth cer-tificate or certified school transcript dem-onstrating that the alien satisfies the re-quirement of subsection (b)(2)(A)(iii) and (v). (C) A certified school transcript dem-onstrating that the alien satisfies the re-quirements of subsection (b)(2)(A)(ii) and (vi). (D) Immigration records from the Depart-ment of Homeland Security (demonstrating that the alien satisfies the requirements under subsection (b)(2)(A)(i), (ii), and (vi)). (5) F
EES.— (A) S
TANDARD PROCESSING FEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens applying for con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion shall pay a processing fee to the Depart-ment of Homeland Security in an amount de-termined by the Secretary. (ii) R
ECOVERY OF COSTS .—The processing fee authorized under clause (i) shall be set at a level that is, at a minimum, sufficient to recover the full costs of processing the appli-cation, including any costs incurred— (I) to adjudicate the application; (II) to take and process biometrics; (III) to perform national security and criminal checks; (IV) to prevent and investigate fraud; and (V) to administer the collection of such fee. (iii) D
EPOSIT AND USE OF PROCESSING  
FEES.—Fees collected under clause (i) shall be deposited into the Immigration Examina-tions Fee Account pursuant to section 286(m) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(m)). (B) B
ORDER SECURITY FEE .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Aliens applying for con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion shall pay a border security fee to the Department of Homeland Security in an amount of $1,000. (ii) U
SE OF BORDER SECURITY FEES .—Fees collected under clause (i) shall be available, to the extent provided in advance in appro-priation Acts, to the Secretary of Homeland Security for the purposes of carrying out title III, and the amendments made by that title. (6) A
LIENS APPREHENDED BEFORE OR DURING  
THE APPLICATION PERIOD .—If an alien who is apprehended during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the application pe-riod described in paragraph (2) appears prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, the Secretary— (A) shall provide the alien with a reason-able opportunity to file an application under this section during such application period; and (B) may not remove the individual until the Secretary has denied the application, un-less the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that expeditious removal of the alien is in the na-tional security, public safety, or foreign pol-icy interests of the United States, or the Secretary will be required for constitutional reasons or court order to release the alien from detention. (7) SUSPENSION OF REMOVAL DURING APPLI -
CATION PERIOD .— (A) A
LIENS IN REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of this title, if the Secretary determines that an alien, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the last day of the application period de-scribed in subsection (c)(2), is in removal, de-portation, or exclusion proceedings before the Executive Office for Immigration Review and is prima facie eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status under this section— (i) the Secretary shall provide the alien with the opportunity to file an application for such status; and (ii) upon motion by the alien and with the consent of the Secretary, the Executive Of-fice for Immigration Review shall— (I) provide the alien a reasonable oppor-tunity to apply for such status; and (II) if the alien applies within the time frame provided, suspend such proceedings until the Secretary has made a determina-tion on the application. (B) A
LIENS ORDERED REMOVED .—If an alien who meets the eligibility requirements set forth in subsection (b) is present in the United States and has been ordered excluded, deported, or removed, or ordered to depart voluntarily from the United States pursuant to section 212(a)(6)(A)(i) or 237(a)(1)(B) or (C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(6)(A)(i), 1227(a)(1)(B) or (C)), the Secretary shall provide the alien with the opportunity to file an application for contingent nonimmigrant status provided that the alien has not failed to comply with any order issued pursuant to section 239 or 240B of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229, 1229c). (C) P
ERIOD PENDING ADJUDICATION OF APPLI -
CATION .—During the period beginning on the date on which an alien applies for contingent nonimmigrant status under subsection (c) and ending on the date on which the Sec-retary makes a determination regarding such application, an otherwise removable alien may not be removed from the United States unless— (i) the Secretary makes a prima facie de-termination that such alien is, or has be-come, ineligible for contingent non-immigrant status under subsection (b); or (ii) the Secretary, in the Secretary’s sole and unreviewable discretion, determines that removal of the alien is in the national secu-rity, public safety, or foreign policy interest of the United States. (8) S
ECURITY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT CLEAR -
ANCES .— (A) B
IOMETRIC AND BIOGRAPHIC DATA .—The Secretary may not grant contingent non-immigrant status to an alien under this sec-tion unless such alien submits biometric and biographic data in accordance with proce-dures established by the Secretary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary may provide an alternative procedure for applicants who cannot provide the bio-metric data required under subparagraph (A) due to a physical impairment. (C) CLEARANCES .— (i) D
ATA COLLECTION .—The Secretary shall collect, from each alien applying for status under this section, biometric, biographic, and other data that the Secretary deter-mines to be appropriate— (I) to conduct national security and law enforcement checks; and (II) to determine whether there are any factors that would render an alien ineligible for such status. (ii) A
DDITIONAL SECURITY SCREENING .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Sec-retary of State and the heads of other agen-cies as appropriate, shall conduct an addi-tional security screening upon determining, in the Secretary’s opinion based upon infor-mation related to national security, that an alien is or was a citizen or resident of a re-gion or country known to pose a threat, or that contains groups or organizations that pose a threat, to the national security of the United States. (iii) P
REREQUISITE .—The required clear-ances and screenings described in clauses (i)(I) and (ii) shall be completed before the alien may be granted contingent non-immigrant status. (9) D
URATION OF STATUS AND EXTENSION .— The initial period of contingent non-immigrant status— (A) shall be 3 years unless revoked pursu-ant to subsection (e); and (B) may be extended for additional 3-year terms if— (i) the alien remains eligible for contingent nonimmigrant status under subsection (b); (ii) the alien again passes background checks equivalent to the background checks described in subsection (c)(9); and (iii) such status was not revoked by the Secretary for any reason. (d) T
ERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CONTINGENT  N
ONIMMIGRANT STATUS .— (1) W
ORK AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall grant employment authorization to an alien granted contingent nonimmigrant sta-tus who requests such authorization. (2) T
RAVEL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The status of a contin-gent nonimmigrant who is absent from the United States without authorization shall be subject to revocation under subsection (e). (B) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may authorize a contingent nonimmigrant to travel outside the United States and may grant the contingent nonimmigrant reentry provided that the contingent non-immigrant— (i) was not absent from the United States for a period of more than 15 consecutive days, or 90 days in the aggregate during each 3-year period that the alien is in contingent nonimmigrant status, unless the contingent nonimmigrant’s failure to return was due to extenuating circumstances beyond the indi-vidual’s control; and (ii) is otherwise admissible to the United States, except as provided in subsection (b)(4)(F). (C) C
LARIFICATION ON ADMISSION .—The ad- mission to the United States of a contingent nonimmigrant after such trips as described in subparagraph (B) shall not be considered an admission for the purposes of section 245(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)). (3) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR HEALTH CARE SUB -
SIDIES AND REFUNDABLE TAX CREDITS .— (A) H
EALTH CARE SUBSIDIES .—A contingent nonimmigrant— (i) is not entitled to the premium assist-ance tax credit authorized under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and shall be subject to the rules applicable to in-dividuals who are not lawfully present set forth in subsection (e) of such section; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00147 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1076 February 14, 2018 
(ii) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals who are not lawfully present set forth in section 1402(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071(e)). (B) R
EFUNDABLE TAX CREDITS .—A contin-gent nonimmigrant shall not be allowed any credit under sections 24 and 32 of the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986. (4) F
EDERAL , STATE , AND LOCAL PUBLIC BEN -
EFITS .—For purposes of title IV of the Per-sonal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), a contingent nonimmigrant shall not be considered a qualified alien under the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (5) C
LARIFICATION .—An alien granted con-tingent nonimmigrant status under this title shall not be considered to have been admit-ted to the United States for the purposes of section 245(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(a)). (e) R
EVOCATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-voke the status of a contingent non-immigrant at any time if the alien— (A) no longer meets the eligibility require-ments set forth in subsection (b); (B) knowingly uses documentation issued under this section for an unlawful or fraudu-lent purpose; or (C) was absent from the United States at any time without authorization after being granted contingent nonimmigrant status. (2) A
DDITIONAL EVIDENCE .—In determining whether to revoke an alien’s status under paragraph (1), the Secretary may require the alien— (A) to submit additional evidence; or (B) to appear for an in-person interview. (3) I
NVALIDATION OF DOCUMENTATION .—If an alien’s contingent nonimmigrant status is revoked under paragraph (1), any documenta-tion issued by the Secretary to such alien under this section shall automatically be rendered invalid for any purpose except for departure from the United States. 
SEC. 4103. ADMINISTRATIVE AND JUDICIAL RE-VIEW. 
(a) E XCLUSIVE ADMINISTRATIVE REVIEW .— Administrative review of a determination of an application for status, extension of sta-tus, or revocation of status under this title shall be conducted solely in accordance with this section. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPELLATE REVIEW .— (1) E
STABLISHMENT OF ADMINISTRATIVE AP -
PELLATE AUTHORITY .—The Secretary shall es-tablish or designate an appellate authority to provide for a single level of administra-tive appellate review of a determination with respect to applications for status, ex-tension of status, or revocation of status under this title. (2) S
INGLE APPEAL FOR EACH ADMINISTRA -
TIVE DECISION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien in the United States whose application for status under this title has been denied or revoked may file with the Secretary not more than 1 ap-peal, pursuant to this subsection, of each de-cision to deny or revoke such status. (B) N
OTICE OF APPEAL .—A notice of appeal filed under this subparagraph shall be filed not later than 30 calendar days after the date of service of the decision of denial or revoca-tion. (3) R
ECORD FOR REVIEW .—Administrative appellate review under this subsection shall be de novo and based only on— (A) the administrative record established at the time of the determination on the ap-plication; and (B) any additional newly discovered or pre-viously unavailable evidence. (c) J
UDICIAL REVIEW .— (1) APPLICABLE PROVISIONS .—Judicial re-view of an administratively final denial or revocation of, or failure to extend, an appli-cation for status under this title shall be governed only by chapter 158 of title 28, ex-cept as provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection, and except that a court may not order the taking of additional evidence under section 2347(c) of such chapter. (2) S
INGLE APPEAL FOR EACH ADMINISTRA -
TIVE DECISION .—An alien in the United States whose application for status under this title has been denied, revoked, or failed to be ex-tended, may file not more than 1 appeal, pur-suant to this subsection, of each decision to deny or revoke such status. (3) L
IMITATION ON CIVIL ACTIONS .— (A) C
LASS ACTIONS .—No court may certify a class under Rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure in any civil action filed after the date of the enactment of this Act per-taining to the administration or enforce-ment of the application for status under this title. (B) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR AN ORDER GRANTING  
PROSPECTIVE RELIEF AGAINST THE GOVERN -
MENT .—If a court determines that prospec-tive relief should be ordered against the Gov-ernment in any civil action pertaining to the administration or enforcement of the appli-cation for status under this title, the court shall— (i) limit the relief to the minimum nec-essary to correct the violation of law; (ii) adopt the least intrusive means to cor-rect the violation of law; (iii) minimize, to the greatest extent prac-ticable, the adverse impact on national secu-rity, border security, immigration adminis-tration and enforcement, and public safety; (iv) provide for the expiration of the relief on a specific date, which allows for the min-imum practical time needed to remedy the violation; and (v) limit the relief to the case at issue and shall not extend any prospective relief to in-clude any other application for status under this title pending before the Secretary or in a Federal court (whether in the same or an-other jurisdiction). 
SEC. 4104. PENALTIES AND SIGNATURE REQUIRE-MENTS. 
(a) P ENALTIES FOR FALSE STATEMENTS IN  A
PPLICATIONS .—Whoever files an initial or renewal application for contingent non-immigrant status under this title and know-ingly and willfully falsifies, misrepresents, conceals, or covers up a material fact or makes any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations, or makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry, shall be fined in accordance with title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both. (b) S
IGNATURE REQUIREMENTS .—An appli-cant under this title shall sign their applica-tion, and the signature shall be an original signature. A parent or legal guardian may sign for a child or for an applicant whose physical or developmental disability or men-tal impairment prevents the applicant from being competent to sign. In such a case, the filing shall include evidence of parentage or legal guardianship. 
SEC. 4105. RULEMAKING. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue interim final regulations to implement this title, which shall take effect imme-diately upon publication in the Federal Reg-ister. 
SEC. 4106. STATUTORY CONSTRUCTION. 
Except as specifically provided, nothing in this title may be construed to create any substantive or procedural right or benefit that is legally enforceable by any party against the United States or its agencies or officers or any other person. SA 1967. Mr. GARDNER (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE I—BORDER SECURITY Subtitle A—Appropriations for U.S. Customs and Border Protection 
SEC. 101. BORDER SECURITY. 
(a) A PPROPRIATIONS FOR U.S. C USTOMS AND  B
ORDER PROTECTION .—There is appropriated to the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, $25,000,000,000 for the fiscal years 2018 through 2027 for the construction of physical barriers; border security technologies, facili-ties, and equipment; the purchase, mainte-nance, or operation of marine vessels, air-craft, and unmanned aerial systems; the hir-ing of additional U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers; port of entry improve-ment; and border access roads along the Southern land border, of which— (1) $2,500,000,000 shall be available for fiscal year 2018, and shall remain available until September 30, 2022, and of the amount avail-able under this paragraph— (A) $784,000,000 shall be available for 32 miles of border bollard fencing in the Rio Grande Valley Sector, Texas; (B) $498,000,000 shall be available for 28 miles of a bollard levee in the Rio Grande Valley Sector, Texas; (C) $251,000,000 shall be available for 14 miles of secondary fencing in the San Diego Sector, California; and (D) $38,239,000 shall be available for plan-ning activities related to physical barrier construction along the Southwest border; (2) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2018, to remain available until September 30, 2023, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,600,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (3) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2019, to remain available until September 30, 2024, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,842,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (4) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2020, to remain available until September 30, 2025, and of the amount available under this paragraph $2,019,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (5) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2021, to remain available until September 30, 2026, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,237,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (6) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2022, to remain available until September 30, 2027, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,745,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (7) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2023, to remain available until September 30, 2028, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,746,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (8) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00148 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.025 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1077 February 14, 2018 
2024, to remain available until September 30, 2029, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,776,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; (9) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2025, to remain available until September 30, 2030, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,746,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers; and (10) $2,500,000,000 shall not be available for obligation or commitment until October 1, 2026, to remain available until September 30, 2031, and of the amount available under this paragraph $1,717,000,000 shall be available for the construction of physical barriers. (b) L
IMITATION .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (a) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, the construction of physical barriers shall only be available for operationally ef-fective designs deployed as of the date of the enactment of the Consolidated Appropria-tions Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), such as currently deployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report, for which a full evaluation has been com-pleted by the Government Accountability Of-fice to determine its strengths and weak-nesses, to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, and the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, that— (1) defines goals, objectives, activities, and milestones; (2) includes a detailed implementation schedule with estimates for the planned obli-gation of funds for fiscal year 2019 through fiscal year 2023 that are linked to the mile-stone based delivery of specific— (A) capabilities and services; (B) mission benefits and outcomes; (C) program management capabilities; and (D) lifecycle cost estimates; (3) describes how specific projects under the plan will enhance border security goals and objectives and address the highest pri-ority border security needs; (4) identifies the planned locations, quan-tities, and types of resources, such as fenc-ing, other physical barriers, or other tactical infrastructure and technology and a com-prehensive plan to consult State and local elected officials on the eminent domain and construction process relating to such phys-ical barriers; (5) provides, after consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency, a comprehensive analysis of the en-vironmental impacts of the construction and placement of such physical barriers along the Southwest border, including barriers in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; (6) includes a description of the method-ology and analyses used to select specific re-sources for deployment to particular loca-tions that includes— (A) a thorough analysis and comparison of alternatives to a physical barrier to deter-mine the most cost effective security solu-tion, including— (i) underground sensors; (ii) infrared or other day or night cameras; (iii) tethered or mobile aerostats; (iv) drones or other airborne assets; (v) integrated fixed towers; and (vi) the deployment of additional border personnel; (B) effects on communities and property owners near areas of infrastructure deploy-ment, including all necessary land acquisi-tions, the total number of necessary con-demnation actions, and the precise number of landowners that will be impacted by the construction of such physical barriers; and (C) other factors critical to the decision- making process; (7) identifies staffing requirements, includ-ing full-time equivalents, contractors, and detailed personnel, by activity; (8) identifies performance metrics for as-sessing and reporting on the contributions of border security capabilities realized from current and future investments; (9) reports on the status of the Department of Homeland Security’s actions to address open recommendations by the Office of In-spector General and the Government Ac-countability Office related to border secu-rity, including plans, schedules, and associ-ated milestones for fully addressing such recommendations; and (10) includes certifications by the Under Secretary for Management, including all documents, memoranda, and a description of the investment review and information tech-nology management oversight and processes supporting such certifications, that— (A) the program has been reviewed and ap-proved in accordance with an acquisition re-view management process that complies with capital planning and investment con-trol and review requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, in-cluding as provided in Circular A–11, part 7; and (B) all planned activities comply with Fed-eral acquisition rules, requirements, guide-lines, and practices. (d) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits the report described in sub-section (c), the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete the evaluation required under such subsection. (e) T
RANSFER AUTHORITY .—The Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives may provide for the transfer of amounts made available in sub-section (a) for each fiscal year to eligible ac-tivities under this section. (f) R
ESCISSION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appro-priated under subsection (a) that remain available after the completion of the con-struction projects described in the reports required under subsection (c) shall be re-scinded and returned to the general fund of the Treasury. (g) P
ROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, and except for the ac-tivities described under subsection (a), none of the amounts appropriated under this sec-tion may be reprogrammed or transferred for any other component or activity within the Department of Homeland Security. (h) B
UDGET REQUEST .—An expenditure plan for amounts made available pursuant to this section— (1) shall be included in each budget for a fiscal year submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; and (2) shall describe planned obligations by program, project, and activity in the receiv-ing account at the same level of detail pro-vided for in the request for other appropria-tions in that account. (i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the availability of funds made available in any other Act for carrying out the purposes de-scribed in subsection (a). (j) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. (2) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H.Con.Res. 71 (115th Congress). Subtitle B—Improving Border Safety and Security 
SEC. 111. BORDER ACCESS ROADS. 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall construct roads along the Southern land border of the United States to facilitate safe and swift access for U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection personnel to ac-cess the border for purposes of patrol and ap-prehension. (2) T
YPES OF ROADS .—The roads con-structed under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) access roads; (B) border roads; (C) patrol roads; and (D) Federal, State, local, and privately- owned roads. (b) M
AINTENANCE .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in partnership with local stakeholders, shall maintain roads used for patrol and apprehension. (c) P
OLICY GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (1) develop such policies and guidance for documenting agreements with landowners relating to the construction of roads under subsection (a) as the Secretary determines to be necessary; (2) share the policies and guidance devel-oped under paragraph (1) with each Border Patrol Sector of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; (3) document and communicate the process and criteria for prioritizing funding for oper-ational roads not owned by the Federal Gov-ernment; and (4) assess the feasibility of options for ad-dressing the maintenance of non-Federal public roads, including any data needs relat-ing to such maintenance. 
SEC. 112. FLEXIBILITY IN EMPLOYMENT AU-THORITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection employment authorities ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘rural or remote area’ means an area within the United States that is not within an area defined and designated as an urbanized area by the Bureau of the Census during the most recently completed decen-nial census; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION OF RECRUITMENT AND  R
ETENTION DIFFICULTIES IN RURAL OR RE-
MOTE AREAS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (c) and (d), the Secretary shall de-termine, for a rural or remote area, whether there is— ‘‘(A) a critical hiring need in the area; and ‘‘(B) a direct relationship between— ‘‘(i) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(ii) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area. ‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—To inform the determina-tion of a direct relationship under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may consider evi-dence— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00149 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1078 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(A) that the Secretary— ‘‘(i) is unable to efficiently and effectively recruit individuals for positions as CBP em-ployees, which may be demonstrated with various types of evidence, including— ‘‘(I) evidence that multiple positions have been continuously vacant for significantly longer than the national average period for which similar positions in U.S. Customs and Border Protection are vacant; or ‘‘(II) recruitment studies that demonstrate the inability of the Secretary to efficiently and effectively recruit CBP employees for positions in the area; or ‘‘(ii) experiences a consistent inability to retain CBP employees that negatively im-pacts agency operations at a local or re-gional level; or ‘‘(B) of any other inability, directly related to recruitment or retention difficulties, that the Secretary determines sufficient. ‘‘(c) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-point, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, candidates to po-sitions in the competitive service as CBP employees, in a rural or remote area, if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) determines that— ‘‘(I) there is a critical hiring need; and ‘‘(II) there exists a severe shortage of qualified candidates because of the direct re-lationship identified by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(aa) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(bb) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(ii) has given public notice for the posi-tions. ‘‘(B) P
RIORITIZATION OF HIRING VETERANS .— If the Secretary uses the direct hiring au-thority under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall apply the principles of pref-erence for the hiring of veterans established under subchapter I of chapter 33. ‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a bonus to an individual (other than an individual de-scribed in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) conditions consistent with the condi-tions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of such section 5753 are satis-fied with respect to the individual (without regard to any other provision of that sec-tion); and ‘‘(ii) the position to which the individual is appointed or to which the individual moves or must relocate— ‘‘(I) is a position as a CBP employee; and ‘‘(II) is in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct rela-tionship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(aa) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(bb) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(3) RETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus to a CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of such section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP employee (without regard to any other provision of that section); ‘‘(ii) the CBP employee is employed in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct relationship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(I) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(II) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(iii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) R
ULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee under— ‘‘(i) paragraph (2) may not exceed 100 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (3) may not exceed 50 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period. ‘‘(B) R
ELATION TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (2) or (3) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose. ‘‘(5) OPM 
OVERSIGHT .—The Director shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) set aside a determination of the Sec-retary under this subsection if the Director finds substantial evidence that the Secretary abused the discretion of the Secretary in making the determination; and ‘‘(B) oversee the compliance of the Sec-retary with this subsection. ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL PAYAUTHORITY .—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may estab-lish special rates of pay in accordance with that section if the Director finds that the re-cruitment or retention efforts of the Sec-retary with respect to positions for CBP em-ployees in 1 or more areas or locations are, or are likely to become, significantly handi-capped because the positions are located in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct relationship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(1) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(2) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area. ‘‘(e) REGULAR CBP R EVIEW .— ‘‘(1) E
NSURING FLEXIBILITIES MEET CBP  
NEEDS .—Each year, the Secretary shall re-view the use of hiring flexibilities under sub-sections (c) and (d) to fill positions at a loca-tion in a rural or remote area to determine— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of those flexi-bilities on solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the location; ‘‘(B) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the location; and ‘‘(C) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use those flexibilities at the loca-tion. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In conducting the re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (c) or (d) and then transferred to a new loca-tion or left U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on each review required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) I
MPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of the this section, and in con-junction with the Chief Human Capital Offi-cer of the Department of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall develop and implement a strategy to improve education regarding hir-ing and human resources flexibilities (in-cluding hiring and human resources flexibili-ties for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency head-quarters or field offices, who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assessment, or se-lection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(B) Regular training sessions for per-sonnel who are critical to filling open posi-tions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(C) The development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, to address identified hiring challenges in rural or re-mote areas. ‘‘(D) Developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through relationships with institutions of higher education, as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), veterans transition and employment centers, and job placement pro-gram in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(E) Examination of existing agency pro-grams on how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are can-didates or new hires in a rural or remote area. ‘‘(F) Feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families. ‘‘(G) Feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00150 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1079 February 14, 2018 
feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families. ‘‘(H) Evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of those programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall — ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. ‘‘(g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of the this section, the Inspector Gen-eral of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity shall review the use of hiring flexibili-ties by the Secretary under subsections (c) and (d) to determine whether the use of those flexibilities is helping the Secretary meet hiring and retention needs in rural and remote areas. ‘‘(h) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (c) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary may delegate any author-ity under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(B) O
VERSIGHT .—The Commissioner may not make a determination under subsection (b)(1) unless the Secretary approves the de-termination. ‘‘(i) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from the applica-bility of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(j) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (c) and (d) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of the en-actment of this section.’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection employment authorities.’’. 
SEC. 113. DISTRESS BEACONS. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, working through U.S. Border Patrol, shall— (A) identify areas near the international border between the United States and Can-ada or the international border between the United States and Mexico where migrant deaths are occurring due to climatic and en-vironmental conditions; and (B) deploy up to 1,000 beacon stations in the areas identified pursuant to subpara-graph (A). (2) F
EATURES .—Beacon stations deployed pursuant to paragraph (1) should— (A) include a self-powering mechanism, such as a solar-powered radio button, to sig-nal U.S. Border Patrol personnel or other emergency response personnel that a person at that location is in distress; (B) include a self-powering cellular phone relay limited to 911 calls to allow persons in distress in the area who are unable to get to the beacon station to signal their location and access emergency personnel; and (C) be movable to allow U.S. Border Patrol to relocate them as needed— (i) to mitigate migrant deaths; (ii) to facilitate access to emergency per-sonnel; and (iii) to address any use of the beacons for diversion by criminals. SEC. 114. SOUTHERN BORDER REGION EMER-GENCY COMMUNICATIONS GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security, in consultation with the gov-ernors of the States located on the inter-national border between the United States and Mexico, shall establish a 2-year grant program to improve emergency communica-tions in the Southern border region. (b) E
LIGIBILITY FOR GRANTS .—An individual is eligible for a grant under this section if the individual demonstrates that he or she— (1) regularly resides or works in a State that shares a land border with Mexico; and (2) is at greater risk of border violence due to a lack of cellular and LTE network serv-ice at the individual’s residence or business and the individual’s proximity to the South-ern border. (c) U
SE OF GRANTS .—Grants awarded under this section may be used to purchase sat-ellite telephone communications systems and services that— (1) can provide access to 9–1–1 service; and (2) are equipped with receivers for the Global Positioning System. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Homeland Security such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SEC. 115. OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI-BILITY. 
Not later than September 30, 2021, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign suffi-cient special agents at the Office of Profes-sional Responsibility to maintain an active duty presence of not fewer than 550 full-time equivalent special agents. Subtitle C—Additional Matters 
SEC. 121. ELIMINATE IMMIGRATION COURT BACKLOGS. 
(a) A NNUAL INCREASES IN IMMIGRATION  J
UDGES .—The Attorney General of the United States shall increase the total num-ber of immigration judges to adjudicate pending cases and efficiently process future cases by at least— (1) 55 judges during fiscal year 2018; (2) an additional 55 judges during fiscal year 2019; and (3) an additional 55 judges during fiscal year 2020. (b) Q
UALIFICATIONS OF IMMIGRATION  J
UDGES .—The Attorney General shall ensure that all newly hired immigration judges are highly qualified and trained to conduct fair, impartial hearings consistent with due proc-ess and that all newly hired immigration judges represent a diverse pool of individuals that includes a balance of individuals with nongovernmental, private bar, or academic experience in addition to government experi-ence. (c) N
ECESSARY SUPPORT STAFF FOR IMMI-
GRATION JUDGES .—To address the shortage of support staff for immigration judges, the At-torney General shall ensure that each immi-gration judge has sufficient support staff, adequate technological and security re-sources, and appropriate courtroom facili-ties. (d) ANNUAL INCREASES IN BOARD OF IMMI-
GRATION APPEALS PERSONNEL .—The Attorney General shall increase the number of Board of Immigration Appeals staff attorneys (in-cluding necessary additional support staff) to efficiently process cases by at least— (1) 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2018; (2) an additional 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2019; and (3) an additional 23 attorneys during fiscal year 2020. (e) GAO R
EPORT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study of the hurdles to effi-cient hiring of immigration court judges within the Department of Justice; and (2) propose solutions to Congress for im-proving the efficiency of the hiring process. (f) I
MMIGRATION JUDGE DEFINITION .—Sec- tion 101(b)(4) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(b)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) The term ‘immigration judge’ means an attorney whom the Attorney General ap-points as an administrative judge within the Executive Office for Immigration Review, qualified to conduct specified classes of pro-ceedings, including a hearing under section 240. The position shall be deemed to be judi-cial in nature and not an attorney position. An Immigration Judge shall not be subject to any code of attorney behavior conduct or actions taken while performing duties as an Immigration Judge. Actions taken by an Im-migration Judge shall be reviewed only under rules and standards pertaining to judi-cial conduct. An Immigration Judge shall not be disciplined for actions or decisions made in good faith while in the course of per-forming the duties of an Immigration Judge.’’. 
SEC. 122. IMPROVED TRAINING FOR IMMIGRA-TION JUDGES AND MEMBERS OF THE BOARD OF IMMIGRATION AP-PEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—To ensure efficient and fair proceedings, the Director of the Execu-tive Office for Immigration Review shall fa-cilitate robust training programs for immi-gration judges and members of the Board of Immigration Appeals. (b) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—Training facili-tated under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an expansion of the training program for new immigration judges and Board mem-bers; (2) continuing education regarding current developments in immigration law through regularly available training resources and an annual conference; (3) methods to ensure that immigration judges are trained on properly crafting and dictating decisions and standards of review, including improved on-bench reference mate-rials and decision templates; (4) specialized training to handle cases in-volving other vulnerable populations includ-ing survivors of domestic violence, sexual as-sault, trafficking, and individuals with men-tal disabilities in partnership with the Na-tional Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges; and (5) specialized training in child inter-viewing, child psychology, and child trauma in partnership with the National Council of Juvenile and Family Court Judges for Immi-gration Judges. 
SEC. 123. NEW TECHNOLOGY TO IMPROVE COURT EFFICIENCY. 
The Director of the Executive Office for Immigration Review shall modernize its case management and related electronic systems, including allowing for electronic filing, to improve efficiency in the processing of immi-gration proceedings. 
SEC. 124. PERMANENT REAUTHORIZATION OF E- VERIFY. 
Section 401(b) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00151 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1080 February 14, 2018 
1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) is amended by striking ‘‘Unless the Congress otherwise provides, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall termi-nate a pilot program on September 30, 2015.’’. TITLE II—EARNED CITIZENSHIP FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS 
SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, any term used in this sub-title that is used in the immigration laws shall have the meaning given the term in the immigration laws. (2) A
PPLICABLE FEDERAL TAX LIABILITY .— The term ‘‘applicable Federal tax liability’’ means liability for Federal taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in-cluding any penalties and interest on taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (3) DACA.—The term ‘‘DACA’’ means de-ferred action granted to an alien pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program announced by President Obama on June 15, 2012. (4) D
ISABILITY .—The term ‘‘disability’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(1) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102(1)). (5) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘‘early childhood education program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). (6) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL ; HIGH SCHOOL ; SEC-
ONDARY SCHOOL .—The terms ‘‘elementary school’’, ‘‘high school’’, and ‘‘secondary school’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 8101 of the Elementary and Sec-ondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). (7) F
ELONY .—The term ‘‘felony’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (ex-cluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigra-tion status) punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding 1 year. (8) I
MMIGRATION LAWS .—The term ‘‘immi-gration laws’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17)). (9) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’— (A) except as provided in subparagraph (B), has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and (B) does not include an institution of high-er education outside of the United States. (10) M
ISDEMEANOR .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal of-fense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element is the alien’s im-migration status, a significant misdemeanor, and a minor traffic offense) for which— (i) the maximum term of imprisonment is greater than 5 days and not greater than 1 year; and (ii) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. (11) P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CON -
DITIONAL BASIS .—The term ‘‘permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis’’ means status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis under this subtitle. (12) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘‘poverty line’’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902). (13) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (14) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status) for which the maximum term of imprison-ment is greater than 5 days and not greater than 1 year that— (A) regardless of the sentence imposed, is a crime of domestic violence (as defined in sec-tion 237(a)(2)(E)(i) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)(i)) or an offense of sexual abuse or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession or use of a firearm, drug distribution or trafficking, or driving under the influence if the State law requires, as an element of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alcohol content of .08 or higher; or (B) resulted in a sentence of time in cus-tody of more than 90 days, excluding an of-fense for which the sentence was suspended. (15) UNIFORMED SERVICES .—The term ‘‘Uni-formed Services’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 202. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) C ONDITIONAL BASIS FOR STATUS .—Not- withstanding any other provision of law, an alien who obtains the status of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence under this section shall be considered to have obtained that status on a conditional basis as of the date on which the alien ob-tained the status, subject to this subtitle. (b) R
EQUIREMENTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who is inadmissible or deportable from the United States or is in temporary pro-tected status under section 244 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a), if— (A) the alien has been continuously phys-ically present in the United States since June 15, 2012; (B) the alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; (C) subject to paragraphs (2) and (3), the alien— (i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); (ii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and (iii) has not been convicted of— (I) a felony; (II) a significant misdemeanor; or (III) 3 or more misdemeanors— (aa) not occurring on the same date; and (bb) not arising out of the same act, omis-sion, or scheme of misconduct; (D) the alien— (i) has been admitted to an institution of higher education; (ii) has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a pub-lic or private high school, or has obtained a general education development certificate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States; (iii) is enrolled in secondary school or in an education program assisting students in— (I) obtaining a regular high school diploma or the recognized equivalent of a regular high school diploma under State law; or (II) passing a general educational develop-ment exam, a high school equivalence di-ploma examination, or other similar State- authorized exam; or (iv)(I) has served, is serving, or has enlisted in the Armed Forces; and (II) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Armed Forces, has re-ceived an honorable discharge; and (E)(i) the alien has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the entire period for which the alien was a DACA recipient; or (ii) the alien has entered into an agree-ment to pay any applicable Federal tax li-ability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien was a DACA recipient through a payment installment plan approved by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue. (2) WAIVER .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any ben-efit under this subtitle, the Secretary may, on a case-by-case basis, waive the grounds of inadmissibility under paragraph (2), (6)(E), (6)(G), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a))— (i) for humanitarian purposes; or (ii) if the waiver is otherwise in the public interest. (B) Q
UARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that in-cludes, for the preceding quarter— (i) the number of requests submitted by aliens for a waiver under subparagraph (A); (ii) the number of waivers granted under that subparagraph; and (iii) the number of requests for a waiver under that subparagraph denied by the Sec-retary. (3) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVICTIONS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An expunged conviction shall not automatically be treated as a con-viction referred to in paragraph (1)(C)(iii). (B) C
ASE-BY-CASE EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary shall evaluate an expunged conviction on a case-by-case basis according to the na-ture and severity of the offense underlying the expunged conviction, based on the record of conviction, to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien is el-igible for cancellation of removal, adjust-ment to permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis, or other adjustment of status. (4) DACA 
RECIPIENTS .—With respect to an alien granted DACA, the Secretary shall can-cel the removal of the alien and adjust the status of the alien to the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence on a conditional basis unless, since the date on which the alien was granted DACA, the alien has engaged in conduct that would render an alien ineligible for DACA. (5) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) only if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00152 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1081 February 14, 2018 
this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, accu-mulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. (6) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not grant an alien permanent resident status on a conditional basis unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Sec-retary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any alien who is unable to provide the bi-ometric or biographic data referred to in subparagraph (A) due to a physical impair-ment. (7) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for permanent resident status on a conditional basis. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary grants the alien per-manent resident status on a conditional basis. (C) C
RIMINAL RECORDS REQUESTS .—With re- spect to an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to obtain from INTERPOL, EUROPOL, or any other international or na-tional law enforcement agency of the coun-try of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien, information about any criminal activ-ity— (i) in which the alien engaged in the coun-try of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien; or (ii) for which the alien was convicted in the country of nationality, country of citi-zenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien. (8) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall undergo a medical examination. (B) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall prescribe policies and procedures for the na-ture and timing of the examination under subparagraph (A). (9) M
ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall establish that the alien has registered under the Military Se-lective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), if the alien is subject to registration under that Act. (c) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PRES-
ENCE .— (1) TERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— Any period of continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis shall not terminate on the date on which the alien is served a notice to ap-pear under section 239(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229(a)). (2) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN PRES -
ENCE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States under subsection (b)(1)(A) if the alien has de-parted from the United States for any period greater than 90 days or for any periods, in the aggregate, greater than 180 days. (B) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXTENUATING CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the time periods described in subparagraph (A) for an alien who demonstrates that the fail-ure to timely return to the United States was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the control of the alien, including the serious illness of the alien, or death or seri-ous illness of a parent, grandparent, sibling, or child of the alien. (C) T
RAVEL AUTHORIZED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .—Any period of travel outside of the United States by an alien that was author-ized by the Secretary may not be counted to-ward any period of departure from the United States under subparagraph (A). (d) L
IMITATION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General may not remove an alien who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section. (2) A
LIENS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL .—With re- spect to an alien who is in removal pro-ceedings, the subject of a final removal order, or the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, the Attorney General shall pro-vide the alien with a reasonable opportunity to apply for relief under this section. (3) C
ERTAIN ALIENS ENROLLED IN ELEMEN -
TARY OR SECONDARY SCHOOL .— (A) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall stay the removal proceedings of an alien who— (i) meets all the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A), (B), and (C) of subsection (b)(1), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that subsection; (ii) is at least 5 years of age; and (iii) is enrolled in an elementary school, a secondary school, or an early childhood edu-cation program. (B) C
OMMENCEMENT OF REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary may not com-mence removal proceedings for an alien de-scribed in subparagraph (A). (C) E
MPLOYMENT .—An alien whose removal is stayed pursuant to subparagraph (A) or who may not be placed in removal pro-ceedings pursuant to subparagraph (B) shall, upon application to the Secretary, be grant-ed an employment authorization document. (D) L
IFT OF STAY .—The Secretary or Attor-ney General may not lift the stay granted to an alien under subparagraph (A) unless the alien ceases to meet the requirements under such subparagraph. (e) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law may be construed to apply a nu-merical limitation on the number of aliens who may be granted permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis. 
SEC. 203. TERMS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-TUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS. 
(a) P ERIOD OF STATUS .—Permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis is— (1) valid for a period of 8 years, unless that period is extended by the Secretary; and (2) subject to termination under subsection (c). (b) NOTICE OF REQUIREMENTS .—At the time an alien obtains permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary shall provide notice to the alien regarding the pro-visions of this subtitle and the requirements to have the conditional basis of such status removed. (c) T
ERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec-retary may terminate the permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis of an alien only if the Secretary— (1) determines that the alien ceases to meet the requirements under paragraph (1)(C) of section 203(b), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section; and (2) prior to the termination, provides the alien— (A) notice of the proposed termination; and (B) the opportunity for a hearing to pro-vide evidence that the alien meets such re-quirements or otherwise contest the termi-nation. (d) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA-
TUS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the immigration status of an alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis is denied shall return to the immigration status of the alien on the day before the date on which the alien received permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis or applied for such status, as appropriate. (2) S
PECIAL RULE FOR TEMPORARY PRO -
TECTED STATUS .—An alien whose permanent resident status on a conditional basis expires under subsection (a)(1) or is terminated under subsection (c) or whose application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis is denied and who had temporary pro-tected status under section 244 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a) immediately before receiving or applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis, as appropriate, may not return to tem-porary protected status if— (A) the relevant designation under section 244(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)) has been terminated; or (B) the Secretary determines that the rea-son for terminating the permanent resident status on a conditional basis renders the alien ineligible for temporary protected sta-tus. (e) I
NELIGIBILITY FOR PUBLIC BENEFITS .—An alien who has been granted permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis shall not be eligible for any Federal means-tested pub-lic benefit (within the meaning of section 403 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Op-portunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613)) until the date on which the conditional permanent resident status of the alien is re-moved. 
SEC. 204. REMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY FOR REMOVAL OF CONDI-
TIONAL BASIS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary shall remove the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of an alien granted under this subtitle and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence if the alien— (A) is described in paragraph (1)(C) of sec-tion 203(b), subject to paragraphs (2) and (3) of that section; (B) has not abandoned the residence of the alien in the United States; (C)(i) has acquired a degree from an insti-tution of higher education or has completed 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00153 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1082 February 14, 2018 
at least 2 years, in good standing, in a pro-gram for a bachelor’s degree or higher degree in the United States; (ii)(I) has served in the Uniformed Services for at least 2 years; or (II) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Uniformed Services, has received an honorable discharge; or (iii) has been employed for periods totaling at least 3 years and at least 75 percent of the time that the alien has had a valid employ-ment authorization, except that any period during which the alien is not employed while having a valid employment authorization and is enrolled in an institution of higher education, a secondary school, or an edu-cation program described in section 203(b)(1)(D)(iii), shall not count toward the time requirements under this clause; and (D)(i) has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien was in perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis; or (ii) has entered into an agreement to pay the applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the entire period for which the alien was in permanent resident status on a conditional basis through a pay-ment installment plan approved by the Com-missioner of Internal Revenue. (2) H
ARDSHIP EXCEPTION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall re-move the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of an alien and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien— (i) satisfies the requirements under sub-paragraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1); (ii) demonstrates compelling cir-cumstances for the inability to satisfy the requirements under subparagraph (C) of such paragraph; and (iii) demonstrates that— (I) the alien has a disability; (II) the alien is a full-time caregiver of a minor child; or (III) the removal of the alien from the United States would result in extreme hard-ship to the alien or the alien’s spouse, par-ent, or child who is a national of the United States or is lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (3) C
ITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the conditional basis of the permanent resident status granted to an alien under this subtitle may not be removed unless the alien demonstrates that the alien satisfies the requirements under section 312(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)). (B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who is unable to meet the requirements under section 312(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1423(a)) due to disability. (4) A
PPLICATION FEE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for lawful permanent resident status under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. (B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) only if the alien— (i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and (III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; (ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; (iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or (iv)(I) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, the alien accumulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and (II) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. (5) SUBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not remove the conditional basis of the perma-nent resident status of an alien unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. (B) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec-retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any applicant who is unable to provide the biometric or biographic data referred to in subparagraph (A) due to physical impair-ment. (6) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— (i) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for removal of the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien; and (ii) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for re-moval of the conditional basis if the perma-nent resident status of the alien. (B) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under subparagraph (A) shall be completed, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary removes the condi-tional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien. (b) N
ATURALIZATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of title III of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1401 et seq.), an alien granted perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis shall be considered to have been admitted to the United States, and to be present in the United States, as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (2) L
IMITATIONS ON APPLICATION FOR NATU -
RALIZATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may not be nat-uralized— (i) on any date on which the alien is in per-manent resident status on a conditional basis; or (ii) before the date that is 12 years after the date on which the alien was granted per-manent resident status on a conditional basis. (B) R
EDUCTION IN PERIOD .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), the 12-year period referred to in subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be reduced by the number of days that the alien was a DACA recipient. (ii) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding clause (i), the 12-year period may not be reduced by more than 2 years. (C) A
DVANCED FILING DATE .—With respect to an alien granted permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis, the alien may file an application for naturalization not more than 90 days before the date on which the ap-plicant meets the requirements for natu-ralization under subparagraph (A). SEC. 205. DOCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) D OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— An alien’s application for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis may in-clude, as proof of identity— (1) a passport or national identity docu-ment from the alien’s country of origin that includes the alien’s name and the alien’s photograph or fingerprint; (2) the alien’s birth certificate and an iden-tity card that includes the alien’s name and photograph; (3) a school identification card that in-cludes the alien’s name and photograph, and school records showing the alien’s name and that the alien is or was enrolled at the school; (4) a Uniformed Services identification card issued by the Department of Defense; (5) any immigration or other document issued by the United States Government bearing the alien’s name and photograph; or (6) a State-issued identification card bear-ing the alien’s name and photograph. (b) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING CONTINUOUS  P
HYSICAL PRESENCE IN THE UNITED STATES .— To establish that an alien has been continu-ously physically present in the United States, as required under section 203(b)(1)(A), or to establish that an alien has not aban-doned residence in the United States, as re-quired under section 205(a)(1)(B), the alien may submit documents to the Secretary, in-cluding— (1) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) records of service from the Uniformed Services; (4) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (5) passport entries; (6) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; (7) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (8) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (9) tax receipts; (10) insurance policies; (11) remittance records; (12) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (13) copies of money order receipts for money sent in or out of the United States; (14) dated bank transactions; or (15) 2 or more sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien who have direct knowledge of the alien’s contin-uous physical presence in the United States, that contain— (A) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (B) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (c) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING INITIAL  E
NTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES .—To estab- lish under section 203(b)(1)(B) that an alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States, an alien may submit docu-ments to the Secretary, including— (1) an admission stamp on the alien’s pass-port; (2) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; (3) any document from the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Se-curity stating the alien’s date of entry into the United States; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00154 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1083 February 14, 2018 
(4) hospital or medical records showing medical treatment or hospitalization, the name of the medical facility or physician, and the date of the treatment or hospitaliza-tion; (5) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an immediate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; (6) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; (7) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; (8) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; (9) automobile license receipts or registra-tion; (10) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; (11) tax receipts; (12) travel records; (13) copies of money order receipts sent in or out of the country; (14) dated bank transactions; (15) remittance records; or (16) insurance policies. (d) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ADMISSION TO  
ANINSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—To establish that an alien has been admitted to an institution of higher education, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a document from the institution of higher education cer-tifying that the alien— (1) has been admitted to the institution; or (2) is currently enrolled in the institution as a student. (e) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF A  D
EGREE FROM AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER  E
DUCATION .—To establish that an alien has acquired a degree from an institution of higher education in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a di-ploma or other document from the institu-tion stating that the alien has received such a degree. (f) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF  H
IGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA , G ENERAL EDU-
CATIONAL DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE , OR A  R
ECOGNIZED EQUIVALENT .—To establish that an alien has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a public or private high school, or has obtained a general educational development certifi-cate recognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Sec-retary— (1) a high school diploma, certificate of completion, or other alternate award; (2) a high school equivalency diploma or certificate recognized under State law; or (3) evidence that the alien passed a State- authorized exam, including the general edu-cational development exam, in the United States. (g) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ENROLLMENT  
IN AN EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM .—To establish that an alien is enrolled in any school or education program described in section 203(b)(1)(D)(iii), 203(d)(3)(A)(iii), or 205(a)(1)(C)(i), the alien shall submit school records from the United States school that the alien is currently attending that in-clude— (1) the name of the school; and (2) the alien’s name, periods of attendance, and current grade or educational level. (h) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EXEMPTION  F
ROM APPLICATION FEES.—To establish that an alien is exempt from an application fee under section 203(b)(5)(B) or 205(a)(4)(B), the alien shall submit to the Secretary the fol-lowing relevant documents: (1) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH AGE .—To es- tablish that an alien meets an age require-ment, the alien shall provide proof of iden-tity, as described in subsection (a), that es-tablishes that the alien is younger than 18 years of age. (2) DOCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH INCOME .—To establish the alien’s income, the alien shall provide— (A) employment records that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency; (B) bank records; or (C) at least 2 sworn affidavits from individ-uals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the alien’s work and income that contain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (3) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH FOSTER CARE , 
LACK OF FAMILIAL SUPPORT , HOMELESSNESS , 
OR SERIOUS , CHRONIC DISABILITY .—To estab-lish that the alien was in foster care, lacks parental or familial support, is homeless, or has a serious, chronic disability, the alien shall provide at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that contain— (A) a statement that the alien is in foster care, otherwise lacks any parental or other familiar support, is homeless, or has a seri-ous, chronic disability, as appropriate; (B) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (C) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (4) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH UNPAID MED -
ICAL EXPENSE .—To establish that the alien has debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses, the alien shall provide receipts or other documentation from a medical pro-vider that— (A) bear the provider’s name and address; (B) bear the name of the individual receiv-ing treatment; and (C) document that the alien has accumu-lated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an imme-diate family member of the alien. (i) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING QUALIFICATION  
FORHARDSHIP EXEMPTION .—To establish that an alien satisfies 1 of the criteria for the hardship exemption described in section 205(a)(2)(A)(iii), the alien shall submit to the Secretary at least 2 sworn affidavits from in-dividuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the cir-cumstances that warrant the exemption, that contain— (1) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (2) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien. (j) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING SERVICE IN  
THEUNIFORMED SERVICES .—To establish that an alien has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years and, if discharged, re-ceived an honorable discharge, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— (1) a Department of Defense form DD-214; (2) a National Guard Report of Separation and Record of Service form 22; (3) personnel records for such service from the appropriate Uniformed Service; or (4) health records from the appropriate Uniformed Service. (k) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EMPLOY -
MENT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may satisfy the employment requirement under section 205(a)(1)(C)(iii) by submitting records that— (A) establish compliance with such em-ployment requirement; and (B) have been maintained by the Social Se-curity Administration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency. (2) OTHER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is un-able to submit the records described in para-graph (1) may satisfy the employment re-quirement by submitting at least 2 types of reliable documents that provide evidence of employment, including— (A) bank records; (B) business records; (C) employer records; (D) records of a labor union, day labor cen-ter, or organization that assists workers in employment; (E) sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have di-rect knowledge of the alien’s work, that con-tain— (i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and (ii) the nature and duration of the relation-ship between the affiant and the alien; and (F) remittance records. (l) A
UTHORITY TO PROHIBIT USE OF CERTAIN  D
OCUMENTS .—If the Secretary determines, after publication in the Federal Register and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents does not re-liably establish identity or that permanent resident status on a conditional basis is being obtained fraudulently to an unaccept-able degree, the Secretary may prohibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents. 
SEC. 206. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NITIAL PUBLICATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register regulations implementing this sub-title. (2) A
FFIRMATIVE APPLICATION .—The regula-tions published under paragraph (1) shall allow any eligible individual to immediately apply affirmatively for the relief available under section 203 without being placed in re-moval proceedings. (b) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations published pursuant to subsection (a)(1) shall be effective, on an in-terim basis, immediately on publication in the Federal Register, but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. (c) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which interim regula-tions are published under this section, the Secretary shall publish final regulations im-plementing this subtitle. (d) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—The re- quirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘‘Paperwork Reduction Act’’) shall not apply to any action to implement this sub-title. 
SEC. 207. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary may not disclose or use for the purpose of immigra-tion enforcement any information provided in— (1) an application filed under this subtitle; or (2) a request for DACA. (b) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not refer to U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or any designee of U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Cus-toms and Border Protection any individual who— (1) has been granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or (2) was granted DACA. (c) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subsections (a) and (b), information provided in an application for permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis or a request for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00155 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1084 February 14, 2018 
DACA may be shared with a Federal security or law enforcement agency— (1) for assistance in the consideration of an application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis; (2) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; (3) for national security purposes; or (4) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. (d) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this section shall be fined not more than $10,000. 
SA 1968. Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. V
ANHOLLEN , Ms. C ORTEZ MASTO , Mr. R
EED, Mr. K AINE, Mr. M ARKEY , Ms. S
MITH, and Ms. K LOBUCHAR ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR CERTAIN ALIENS FROM COUNTRIES FACING REPRESSION AND EMER-GENCIES. 
(a) A DJUSTMENT OF STATUS OF CERTAIN  F
OREIGN NATIONALS .— (1) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 245(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(c)), the status of any alien described in paragraph (2) shall be adjusted by the Secretary of Homeland Security to that of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence if the alien— (i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2) or (3) of section 212(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); (ii) is not deportable under paragraph (2), (3), or (4) of section 237(a) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)); and (iii) is not described in section 208(b)(2)(A)(i) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(b)(2)(A)(i)). (B) R
ELATIONSHIP OF APPLICATION TO CER -
TAIN ORDERS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—An alien who is present in the United States and has been ordered re-moved, or permitted voluntarily to depart, from the United States under any provision of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) may, notwithstanding such order, apply for adjustment of status under subparagraph (A). (ii) M
OTION NOT REQUIRED .—An alien de-scribed in clause (i) may not be required, as a condition of submitting or approving an application under such subparagraph, to file a motion to reopen, reconsider, or vacate an order described in such subparagraph. (iii) A
PPROVAL .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security approves an application sub-mitted by an alien under clause (i), the Sec-retary shall cancel the order related to the alien that is referred to in such subpara-graph. (iv) D
ENIAL .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security renders a final administrative deci-sion to deny an application submitted by an alien under clause (i), the order related to such alien shall be effective and enforceable to the same extent as if such application had not been made. (2) A
LIENS ELIGIBLE FOR ADJUSTMENT OF  
STATUS .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien is described in this paragraph if the alien— (i) is a national of a foreign state that was at any time designated under section 244(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)); (ii)(I) is in temporary protected status under section 244 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act 8 (8 U.S.C. 1254a); (II) held temporary protected status as a national of a designated country listed in clause (i); or (III) qualified for temporary protected sta-tus at the time the last designation was made by the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity; (iii) has been continuously present in the United States for at least 3 years and is physically present in the United States on the date on which the alien files an applica-tion for adjustment of status under this sec-tion; and (iv) passes all applicable criminal and na-tional security background checks. (B) SHORT ABSENCES .—An alien shall not be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States under subparagraph (A)(iii) by reason of an absence, or multiple absences, from the United States for any period or periods that do not exceed, in the aggregate, 180 days. (C) W
AIVER AUTHORIZED .—Notwithstanding any provision of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), an alien who fails to meet the continuous physical presence requirement under subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be considered eligible to receive an adjustment of status under this section if the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that the re-moval of the alien from the United States would result in extreme hardship to the alien or the alien’s spouse, children, parents, or domestic partner. (3) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), an alien who is subject to a final order of removal may not be removed if the alien— (i) has a pending application under para-graph (1); or (ii)(I) is prima facie eligible to file an ap-plication under paragraph (1); and (II) indicates that he or she intends to file such an application. (B) E
XCEPTION .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any alien whose application under paragraph (1) has been denied by the Secretary of Homeland Security in a final administrative determination. (C) D
URING CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii) and notwithstanding any provi-sion of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.), the Secretary of Home-land Security may not order any alien to be removed from the United States if the alien raises, as a defense to such an order, the eli-gibility of the alien to apply for adjustment of status under paragraph (1). (ii) E
XCEPTION .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any alien whose application under para-graph (1) has been denied by the Secretary of Homeland Security in a final administrative determination. (D) W
ORK AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Homeland Security— (i) shall authorize any alien who has ap-plied for adjustment of status under para-graph (1) to engage in employment in the United States while such application is pend-ing; and (ii) may provide such alien with an ‘‘em-ployment authorized’’ endorsement or other appropriate document signifying such em-ployment authorization. (4) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR SPOUSES  
AND CHILDREN .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 245(c) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255(c)) and except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall adjust the status of an alien to that of an alien lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence if the alien— (i) is the spouse, domestic partner, child, or unmarried son or daughter of an alien whose status has been adjusted to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence under paragraph (1); (ii) is physically present in the United States on the date on which the alien files an application for such adjustment of status; and (iii) is otherwise eligible to receive an im-migrant visa and is otherwise admissible to the United States for permanent residence. (B) CONTINUOUS PRESENCE REQUIREMENT .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The status of an unmar-ried son or daughter referred to in subpara-graph (A)(i) may not be adjusted under sub-paragraph (A) until such son or daughter es-tablishes that he or she has been physically present in the United States for at least 1 year. (ii) S
HORT ABSENCES .—An alien shall not be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States under clause (i) by reason of an absence, or multiple absences, from the United States for any period or periods that do not exceed, in the aggregate, 180 days. (C) W
AIVER .—In determining eligibility and admissibility under subparagraph (A)(iii), the grounds for inadmissibility under para-graphs (4), (5), (6), (7)(A), and (9) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)) shall not apply. (5) A
VAILABILITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE RE -
VIEW.—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide applicants for adjustment of status under paragraph (1) the same right to, and procedures for, administrative review as are provided to— (A) applicants for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act 19 (8 U.S.C. 1255); or (B) aliens who are subject to removal pro-ceedings under section 240 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a). (6) E
XCEPTIONS TO NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—The numerical limitations set forth in sections 201 and 202 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 and 1152) shall not apply to aliens whose status is ad-justed pursuant to paragraph (1). (b) A
DDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  R
EGARDING FUTURE DISCONTINUED ELIGI-
BILITY OF ALIENS FROM COUNTRIES CUR-
RENTLY LISTED UNDER TEMPORARY PRO-
TECTED STATUS .—Section 244(b)(3) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a(b)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(including a rec-ommendation from the Secretary of State that is received by the Secretary of Home-land Security not later than 90 days before the end of such period of designation)’’ after ‘‘Government’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘The Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (2) in subparagraph (B)— (A) by striking ‘‘If the Attorney General’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Home-land Security’’; (B) in clause (i), as redesignated, by strik-ing ‘‘Attorney General’’ and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) R
EPORT .—Not later than 3 days after the publication of the Secretary’s deter-mination in the Federal Register that a country’s designation under paragraph (1) is being terminated, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00156 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.022 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1085 February 14, 2018 
of the Senate and the Committee on the Ju-diciary of the House of Representatives that shall include— ‘‘(I) an explanation of the event or events that initially prompted such country’s des-ignation under paragraph (1); ‘‘(II) the progress the country has made in remedying the designation under paragraph (1), including any significant challenges or shortcomings that have not been addressed since the initial designation; ‘‘(III) a statement indicating whether the country has requested a designation under paragraph (1), a redesignation under such paragraph, or an extension of such designa-tion; and ‘‘(IV) an analysis, with applicable and rel-evant metrics, as determined by the Sec-retary, of the country’s ability to repatriate its nationals, including— ‘‘(aa) the country’s financial ability to pro-vide for its repatriated citizens; ‘‘(bb) the country’s financial ability to ad-dress the initial designation under paragraph (1) without foreign assistance; ‘‘(cc) the country’s gross domestic product and per capita gross domestic product per capita; ‘‘(dd) an analysis of the country’s political stability and its ability to be economically self-sufficient without foreign assistance; ‘‘(ee) the economic and social impact repa-triation of nationals in possession of tem-porary protected status would have on the recipient country; and ‘‘(ff) any additional metrics the Secretary considers necessary.’’. (c) O
THER MATTERS .— (1) A
PPLICATION OF IMMIGRATION AND NA -
TIONALITY ACT PROVISIONS .—Except as other-wise specifically provided in this section, the definitions in the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) shall apply in this section. (2) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to repeal, amend, alter, modify, effect, or restrict the powers, duties, functions, or authority of the Sec-retary of Homeland Security in the adminis-tration and enforcement of the immigration laws. (3) E
LIGIBILITY FOR OTHER IMMIGRATION  
BENEFITS .—An alien who is eligible to be granted the status of an alien lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence under sub-section (a) may not be precluded from seek-ing such status under any other provision of law for which the alien may otherwise be eli-gible. 
SA 1969. Mr. KENNEDY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STUDY ON ENFORCEMENT OF PROVI-SION MAKING SPOUSES AND CHIL-DREN OF TERRORISTS INADMIS-SIBLE OR DEPORTABLE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study assessing the effectiveness of the enforce-ment of section 212(a)(3)(B)(i)(IX) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(i)(IX)) (relating to the inadmis-sibility and deportability of spouses and children of terrorists). (b) R
EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report on the study required by subsection (a). SA 1970. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLES. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bar Re-moval of Individuals who Dream and Grow our Economy Act’’ or the ‘‘BRIDGE Act’’. 
SEC. 2. TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
The table of contents for this Act is as fol-lows: Sec. 1. Short titles. Sec. 2. Table of contents. TITLE I—BAR REMOVAL OF INDIVID-UALS WHO DREAM AND GROW OUR ECONOMY ACT Sec. 101. Provisional protected presence for young individuals. TITLE II—BORDER SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS. Sec. 201. Operations and support. Sec. 202. Procurement, construction, and improvements. Sec. 203. Administrative provisions. TITLE I—BAR REMOVAL OF INDIVIDUALS WHO DREAM AND GROW OUR ECONOMY ACT 
SEC. 101. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE FOR YOUNG INDIVIDUALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 244A. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRES-ENCE. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) DACA 
RECIPIENT .—The term ‘DACA re-cipient’ means an alien who was in deferred action status on September 5, 2017, pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arriv-als (‘DACA’) Program announced on June 15, 2012. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (ex-cluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigra-tion status) punishable by imprisonment for a term exceeding one year. ‘‘(3) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status, a significant misdemeanor, and a minor traffic offense) for which— ‘‘(A) the maximum term of imprisonment is greater than five days and not greater than one year; and ‘‘(B) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. ‘‘(4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(5) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense (excluding a State or local offense for which an essential element was the alien’s immigration status) for which the maximum term of imprison-ment is greater than five days and not great-er than one year that— ‘‘(A) regardless of the sentence imposed, is a crime of domestic violence (as defined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)) or an offense of sexual abuse or exploitation, burglary, unlawful possession or use of a firearm, drug distribu-tion or trafficking, or driving under the in-fluence if the State law requires, as an ele-ment of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alcohol content of .08 or higher; or ‘‘(B) resulted in a sentence of time in cus-tody of more than 90 days, excluding an of-fense for which the sentence was suspended. ‘‘(6) THREAT TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—An alien is a ‘threat to national security’ if the alien is— ‘‘(A) inadmissible under section 212(a)(3); or ‘‘(B) deportable under section 237(a)(4). ‘‘(7) T
HREAT TO PUBLIC SAFETY .—An alien is a ‘threat to public safety’ if the alien— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of an offense for which an element was participation in a criminal street gang (as defined in section 521(a) of title 18, United States Code); or ‘‘(B) has engaged in a continuing criminal enterprise (as defined in section 408(c) of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 848(c))). ‘‘(b) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall grant provisional protected pres-ence to an alien who files an application demonstrating that he or she meets the eli-gibility criteria under subsection (c) and pays the appropriate application fee; ‘‘(2) may not remove such alien from the United States during the period in which such provisional protected presence is in ef-fect unless such status is rescinded pursuant to subsection (g); and ‘‘(3) shall provide such alien with employ-ment authorization. ‘‘(c) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—An alien is eli-gible for provisional protected presence under this section and employment author-ization if the alien— ‘‘(1) was born after June 15, 1981; ‘‘(2) entered the United States before at-taining 16 years of age; ‘‘(3) continuously resided in the United States between June 15, 2007, and the date on which the alien files an application under this section; ‘‘(4) was physically present in the United States on June 15, 2012, and on the date on which the alien files an application under this section; ‘‘(5) was unlawfully present in the United States on June 15, 2012; ‘‘(6) on the date on which the alien files an application for provisional protected pres-ence— ‘‘(A) is enrolled in school or in an edu-cation program assisting students in obtain-ing a regular high school diploma or its rec-ognized equivalent under State law, or in passing a general educational development exam or other State-authorized exam; ‘‘(B) has graduated or obtained a certifi-cate of completion from high school; ‘‘(C) has obtained a general educational de-velopment certificate; or ‘‘(D) is an honorably discharged veteran of the Coast Guard or Armed Forces of the United States; ‘‘(7) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(A) a felony; ‘‘(B) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(C) three or more misdemeanors not oc-curring on the same date and not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of mis-conduct; and ‘‘(8) does not otherwise pose a threat to na-tional security or a threat to public safety. ‘‘(d) D
URATION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE AND EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—Provisional protected presence and the employment authorization provided under this section shall be effective through September 30, 2019. ‘‘(e) S
TATUS DURING PERIOD OF PROVISIONAL  P
ROTECTED PRESENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien granted provi-sional protected presence is not considered to be unlawfully present in the United States during the period beginning on the date such 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00157 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.023 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1086 February 14, 2018 
status is granted and ending on the date de-scribed in subsection (d). ‘‘(2) S
TATUS OUTSIDE PERIOD .—The granting of provisional protected presence under this section does not excuse previous or subse-quent periods of unlawful presence. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) A
GE REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien who has never been in removal proceedings, or whose pro-ceedings have been terminated before mak-ing a request for provisional protected pres-ence, shall be at least 15 years old on the date on which the alien submits an applica-tion under this section. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .—The age requirement set forth in subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an alien who, on the date on which the alien applies for provisional protected presence, is in removal proceedings, has a final removal order, or has a voluntary departure order. ‘‘(2) A
PPLICATION FEE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire aliens applying for provisional pro-tected presence and employment authoriza-tion under this section to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(B) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under subparagraph (A) if the alien— ‘‘(i)(I) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level; and ‘‘(III) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; ‘‘(ii) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(iii)(I) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level; or ‘‘(iv)(I) as of the date on which the alien files an application under this section, has accumulated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(II) received total income during the 12- month period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section that is less than 150 per-cent of the United States poverty level. ‘‘(3) R
EMOVAL STAYED WHILE APPLICATION  
PENDING .—The Secretary may not remove an alien from the United States who appears prima facie eligible for provisional protected presence while the alien’s application for provisional protected presence is pending. ‘‘(4) A
LIENS NOT IN IMMIGRATION DETEN -
TION.—An alien who is not in immigration detention, but who is in removal pro-ceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, may apply for provisional pro-tected presence under this section if the alien appears prima facie eligible for provi-sional protected presence. ‘‘(5) A
LIENS IN IMMIGRATION DETENTION .— The Secretary shall provide any alien in im-migration detention, including any alien who is in removal proceedings, is the subject of a final removal order, or is the subject of a voluntary departure order, who appears prima facie eligible for provisional protected presence, upon request, with a reasonable op-portunity to apply for provisional protected presence under this section. ‘‘(6) C
ONFIDENTIALITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-tect information provided in applications for provisional protected presence under this section and in requests for consideration of DACA from disclosure to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and U.S. Customs and Border Protection for the purpose of im-migration enforcement proceedings. ‘‘(B) REFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Sec-retary may not refer individuals whose cases have been deferred pursuant to DACA or who have been granted provisional protected presence under this section to U.S. Immigra-tion and Customs Enforcement. ‘‘(C) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—The information submitted in applications for provisional protected presence under this section and in requests for consideration of DACA may be shared with national security and law en-forcement agencies— ‘‘(i) for assistance in the consideration of the application for provisional protected presence; ‘‘(ii) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; ‘‘(iii) for national security purposes; and ‘‘(iv) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. ‘‘(7) A
CCEPTANCE OF APPLICATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enact-ment of this section, the Secretary shall begin accepting applications for provisional protected presence and employment author-ization. ‘‘(g) R
ESCISSION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE .—The Secretary may not rescind an alien’s provisional protected presence or employment authorization granted under this section unless the Secretary determines that the alien— ‘‘(1) has been convicted of— ‘‘(A) a felony; ‘‘(B) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(C) three or more misdemeanors not oc-curring on the same date and not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of mis-conduct; ‘‘(2) poses a threat to national security or a threat to public safety; ‘‘(3) has traveled outside of the United States without authorization from the Sec-retary; or ‘‘(4) has ceased to continuously reside in the United States. ‘‘(h) T
REATMENT OF BRIEF, CASUAL , ANDIN-
NOCENT DEPARTURES AND CERTAIN OTHER AB-
SENCES .—For purposes of subsections (c)(3) and (g)(4), an alien shall not be considered to have failed to continuously reside in the United States due to— ‘‘(1) brief, casual, and innocent absences from the United States during the period be-ginning on June 15, 2007, and ending on Au-gust 14, 2012; or ‘‘(2) travel outside of the United States on or after August 15, 2012, if such travel was authorized by the Secretary. ‘‘(i) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVIC -
TIONS .—For purposes of subsections (c)(7) and (g)(1), an expunged conviction shall not auto-matically be treated as a disqualifying fel-ony, significant misdemeanor, or mis-demeanor, but shall be evaluated on a case- by-case basis according to the nature and se-verity of the offense to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien should be eligible for provisional pro-tected presence under this section. ‘‘(j) E
FFECT OF DEFERRED ACTION UNDER  D
EFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS  P
ROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) P
ROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE .—A DACA recipient is deemed to have provi-sional protected presence under this section through date that is the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date that is 1 year after the expi-ration date of the alien’s deferred action sta-tus, as specified by the Secretary in conjunc-tion with the approval of the alien’s DACA application; or ‘‘(B) September 30, 2019. ‘‘(2) EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .—If a DACA recipient has been granted employ-ment authorization by the Secretary in addi-tion to deferred action, the employment au-thorization shall continue through the ear-lier of— ‘‘(A) the date that is 1 year after the expi-ration date of the alien’s deferred action sta-tus, as specified by the Secretary in conjunc-tion with the approval of the alien’s DACA application; or ‘‘(B) September 30, 2019. ‘‘(3) E
FFECT OF APPLICATION .—If a DACA re-cipient files an application for provisional protected presence under this section not later than the expiration date of the alien’s deferred action status, as specified by the Secretary in conjunction with the approval of the alien’s DACA application, the alien’s provisional protected presence, and any em-ployment authorization, shall remain in ef-fect pending the adjudication of such appli-cation.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 244 the following: ‘‘Sec. 244A. Provisional protected pres-ence.’’. TITLE II—BORDER SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS. 
SEC. 201. OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT. 
There is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and in addition to any amounts otherwise pro-vided in such fiscal year, $675,000,000 to U.S. Customs and Border Protection for ‘‘Oper-ations and Support’’, which shall remain available until September 30, 2019, of which— (1) $531,000,000 shall be available for— (A) border security technologies; (B) facilities; (C) equipment; and (D) the purchase, maintenance, or oper-ation of marine vessels, aircraft, and un-manned aerial systems; (2) $48,000,000 shall be available for reten-tion, recruitment, and relocation of Border Patrol Agents, Customs Officers, and Air and Marine personnel; (3) $75,000,000 shall be available to hire 615 additional U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion Officers for deployment to ports of entry; and (4) $21,000,000 shall be available for data circuits and network bandwidth surveillance and associated personnel. 
SEC. 202. PROCUREMENT, CONSTRUCTION, AND IMPROVEMENTS. 
There is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2018, and in addition to any amounts otherwise pro-vided in such fiscal year, $2,030,239,000 for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improve-ments’’, which shall remain available until September 30, 2022, of which— (1) $784,000,000 shall be available for 32 miles of border bollard fencing in the Rio Grande Valley Sector, Texas; (2) $498,000,000 shall be available for 28 miles of a bollard levee fencing in the Rio Grande Valley Sector, Texas; (3) $251,000,000 shall be available for 14 miles of secondary fencing in the San Diego Sector, California; (4) $444,000,000 shall be available for border security technologies, marine vessels, air-craft unmanned aerial systems, facilities, and equipment; (5) $38,239,000 shall be available to prepare the reports required under subsections (b) and (c) of section 203; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00158 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.024 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1087 February 14, 2018 
(6) $15,000,000 shall be available for chem-ical screening devices (as defined in section 2 of the INTERDICT Act (Public Law 115–112)). 
SEC. 203. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Amounts appropriated under paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 202 shall only be available for operationally effective designs deployed as of the date of the enactment of the Consolidated Appro-priations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), such as currently deployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (b) I
NTERIM REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit an interim report to the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Home-land Security of the House of Representa-tives, and the Comptroller General of the United States that— (1) identifies, with respect to the physical barriers described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 202— (A) all necessary land acquisitions; (B) the total number of necessary con-demnation actions; and (C) the precise number of landowners that will be impacted by the construction of such physical barriers; (2) contains a comprehensive plan to con-sult State and local elected officials on the eminent domain and construction process re-lating to such physical barriers; (3) provides, after consultation with the Secretary of the Interior and the Adminis-trator of the Environmental Protection Agency, a comprehensive analysis of the en-vironmental impacts of the construction and placement of such physical barriers along the Southwest border, including barriers in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; and (4) includes, for each barrier segment de-scribed in paragraphs (1) through (3) of sec-tion 202, a thorough analysis and comparison of alternatives to a physical barrier to deter-mine the most cost effective security solu-tion, including— (A) underground sensors; (B) infrared or other day/night cameras; (C) tethered or mobile aerostats; (D) drones or other airborne assets; (E) integrated fixed towers; and (F) the deployment of additional border personnel. (c) A
NNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit a report containing all of the information required under paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (b) to the Committee on Appropria-tions of the Senate, the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appropria-tions of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, and the Comp-troller General of the United States. (d) GAO E
VALUATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security submits each report de-scribed in subsections (b) and (c), the Comp-troller General of the United States shall submit an evaluation of the strengths and weaknesses of the report to the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Com-mittee on Homeland Security and Govern-mental Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Represent-atives, and the Committee on Homeland Se-curity of the House of Representatives. (e) R
ESCISSION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appro-priated under paragraphs (1) through (3) of section 202 that remain available after the completion of the construction projects de-scribed in such paragraphs shall be rescinded and returned to the general fund of the Treasury. (f) PROHIBITION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the amounts appropriated under this title may be repro-grammed or transferred for any other activ-ity within the Department of Homeland Se-curity. 
SA 1971. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. LIMITATION ON PARENTS OF CER-TAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO ENTERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
An alien shall not be eligible to adjust sta-tus to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence based on a petition filed by a child or a son or daughter of the alien if— (1) the child or son or daughter was grant-ed permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis under this Act; and (2) the alien knowingly assisted the child or son or daughter to enter the United States unlawfully. 
SA 1972. Mr. GRAHAM submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ILLEGAL REENTRY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as ‘‘Kate’s Law’’. (b) R
EENTRY OF REMOVED ALIEN.—Section 276 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 276. REENTRY OF REMOVED ALIEN. 
‘‘(a) R EENTRY AFTER REMOVAL .—Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, de-ported, or removed, or who has departed the United States while an order of exclusion, deportation, or removal is outstanding, and subsequently enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both. ‘‘(b) R
EENTRY OF CRIMINAL OFFENDERS .— Notwithstanding the penalty provided in subsection (a), if an alien described in that subsection was convicted before such re-moval or departure— ‘‘(1) for 3 or more misdemeanors or for a felony, the alien shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both; ‘‘(2) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 30 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 15 years, or both; ‘‘(3) for a felony for which the alien was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 60 months, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 20 years, or both; or ‘‘(4) for murder, rape, kidnapping, or a fel-ony offense described in chapter 77 (relating to peonage and slavery) or 113B (relating to terrorism) of such title, or for 3 or more felo-nies of any kind, the alien shall be fined under such title, imprisoned not more than 25 years, or both. ‘‘(c) REENTRY AFTER REPEATED REMOVAL .— Any alien who has been denied admission, excluded, deported, or removed 3 or more times and thereafter enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in the United States, shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, imprisoned not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(d) P
ROOF OF PRIOR CONVICTIONS .—The prior convictions described in subsection (b) are elements of the crimes described, and the penalties in that subsection shall apply only in cases in which the conviction or convic-tions that form the basis for the additional penalty are— ‘‘(1) alleged in the indictment or informa-tion; and ‘‘(2) proven beyond a reasonable doubt at trial or admitted by the defendant. ‘‘(e) A
FFIRMATIVE DEFENSES .—It shall be an affirmative defense to a violation of this sec-tion that— ‘‘(1) prior to the alleged violation, the alien had sought and received the express consent of the Secretary of Homeland Security to re-apply for admission into the United States; or ‘‘(2) with respect to an alien previously de-nied admission and removed, the alien— ‘‘(A) was not required to obtain such ad-vance consent under the Immigration and Nationality Act or any prior Act; and ‘‘(B) had complied with all other laws and regulations governing the alien’s admission into the United States. ‘‘(f) L
IMITATION ON COLLATERAL ATTACK ON  U
NDERLYING REMOVAL ORDER .—In a criminal proceeding under this section, an alien may not challenge the validity of any prior re-moval order concerning the alien. ‘‘(g) R
EENTRY OF ALIEN REMOVED PRIOR TO  C
OMPLETION OF TERM OF IMPRISONMENT .—Any alien removed pursuant to section 241(a)(4) who enters, attempts to enter, crosses the border to, attempts to cross the border to, or is at any time found in, the United States shall be incarcerated for the remainder of the sentence of imprisonment which was pending at the time of deportation without any reduction for parole or supervised re-lease unless the alien affirmatively dem-onstrates that the Secretary of Homeland Security has expressly consented to the alien’s reentry. Such alien shall be subject to such other penalties relating to the reentry of removed aliens as may be available under this section or any other provision of law. ‘‘(h) D
EFINITIONS .—For purposes of this sec-tion and section 275, the following defini-tions shall apply: ‘‘(1) C
ROSSES THE BORDER TO THE UNITED  
STATES .—The term ‘crosses the border’ refers to the physical act of crossing the border, re-gardless of whether the alien is free from of-ficial restraint. ‘‘(2) F
ELONY .—The term ‘felony’ means any criminal offense punishable by a term of im-prisonment of more than 1 year under the laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(3) M
ISDEMEANOR .—The term ‘mis-demeanor’ means any criminal offense pun-ishable by a term of imprisonment of not more than 1 year under the applicable laws of the United States, any State, or a foreign government. ‘‘(4) R
EMOVAL .—The term ‘removal’ in-cludes any denial of admission, exclusion, deportation, or removal, or any agreement by which an alien stipulates or agrees to ex-clusion, deportation, or removal. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00159 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.024 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1088 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(5) S TATE .—The term ‘State’ means a State of the United States, the District of Columbia, and any commonwealth, territory, or possession of the United States.’’. 
SA 1973. Mr. GRAHAM (for himself and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. H–2B NONIMMIGRANT RETURNING WORKERS. 
Section 214(g)(9) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(g)(9)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘(B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B), (C), and (D),’’; (B) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2013, 2014, or 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘any of the three pre-vious fiscal years’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’ and in-serting ‘‘the current fiscal year’’; and (2) by inserting at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) The number of aliens considered to be returning workers under subparagraph (A) in any fiscal year may not exceed the highest number of nonimmigrants who participated in the returning worker program in any fis-cal year in which returning workers were ex-empt from the numerical limitation under paragraph (1)(B).’’. 
SA 1974. Ms. SMITH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SECTION ll. HELPING SEPARATED CHILDREN. 
(a) S HORT TITLES .—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Humane Enforcement and Legal Protections for Separated Children Act’’ or the ‘‘HELP Separated Children Act’’. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPREHENSION .—The term ‘‘apprehen-sion’’ means the detention or arrest by offi-cials of the Department or cooperating enti-ties. (2) C
HILD.—The term ‘‘child’’ means an in-dividual who is younger than 18 years of age. (3) C
HILD WELFARE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘child welfare agency’’ means a State or local agency responsible for child welfare services under subtitles B and E of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.). (4) C
OOPERATING ENTITY .—The term ‘‘co-operating entity’’ means a State or local en-tity acting under agreement with the Sec-retary. (5) D
EPARTMENT .—The term ‘‘Department’’ means the Department of Homeland Secu-rity. (6) D
ETENTION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘deten-tion facility’’ means a Federal, State, or local government facility, or a privately owned and operated facility, that is used, in whole or in part, to hold individuals under the authority of the Director of U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement, including facilities that hold such individuals under a contract or agreement with the Director. (7) I
MMIGRATION ENFORCEMENT ACTION .—The term ‘‘immigration enforcement action’’ means the apprehension of one or more indi-viduals whom the Department has reason to believe are removable from the United States by the Secretary or a cooperating en-tity. (8) PARENT .—The term ‘‘parent’’ means a biological or adoptive parent of a child, whose parental rights have not been relin-quished or terminated under State law or the law of a foreign country, or a legal guardian under State law or the law of a foreign coun-try. (9) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (c) A
PPREHENSION PROCEDURES FOR IMMI-
GRATION ENFORCEMENT -RELATED ACTIVI -
TIES.— (1) A
PPREHENSION PROCEDURES .—In any im-migration enforcement action, the Secretary and cooperating entities shall— (A) as soon as possible, but generally not later than 2 hours after an immigration en-forcement action, inquire whether an indi-vidual is a parent or primary caregiver of a child in the United States and provide any such individuals with— (i) the opportunity to make a minimum of 2 telephone calls to arrange for the care of such child in the individual’s absence; and (ii) contact information for— (I) child welfare agencies and family courts in the same jurisdiction as the child; and (II) consulates, attorneys, and legal service providers capable of providing free legal ad-vice or representation regarding child wel-fare, child custody determinations, and im-migration matters; (B) notify the child welfare agency with ju-risdiction over the child if the child’s parent or primary caregiver is unable to make care arrangements for the child or if the child is in imminent risk of serious harm; (C) ensure that personnel of the Depart-ment and cooperating entities do not, absent medical necessity or extraordinary cir-cumstances, compel or request children to interpret or translate for interviews of their parents or of other individuals who are en-countered as part of an immigration enforce-ment action; and (D) ensure that any parent or primary caregiver of a child in the United States— (i) absent medical necessity or extraor-dinary circumstances, is not transferred from his or her area of apprehension until the individual— (I) has made arrangements for the care of such child; or (II) if such arrangements are unavailable or the individual is unable to make such ar-rangements, is informed of the care arrange-ments made for the child and of a means to maintain communication with the child; (ii) absent medical necessity or extraor-dinary circumstances, and to the extent practicable, is placed in a detention facility that is— (I) proximate to the location of apprehen-sion; and (II) proximate to the child’s habitual place of residence; and (iii) receives due consideration of the best interests of such child in any decision or ac-tion relating to his or her detention, release, or transfer between detention facilities. (2) R
EQUESTS TO STATE AND LOCAL ENTI -
TIES.—If the Secretary requests a State or local entity to hold in custody an individual whom the Department has reason to believe is removable pending transfer of that indi-vidual to the custody of the Secretary or to a detention facility, the Secretary shall also request that the State or local entity pro-vide the individual the protections specified in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) if that individual is found to be the parent or primary caregiver of a child in the United States. (3) PROTECTIONS AGAINST TRAFFICKING PRE -
SERVED .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to impede, delay, or limit the obli-gations of the Secretary, the Attorney Gen-eral, or the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232), section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279), or the Stipulated Settle-ment Agreement filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on January 17, 1997 (CV 85-4544- RJK) (commonly known as the ‘‘Flores Set-tlement Agreement’’). (d) A
CCESS TO CHILDREN , STATE AND LOCAL  C
OURTS , CHILD WELFARE AGENCIES , ANDCON-
SULAR OFFICIALS .—At all detention facilities, the Secretary shall— (1) prominently post in a manner acces-sible to detainees and visitors and include in detainee handbooks information on the pro-tections of this subtitle as well as informa-tion on potential eligibility for parole or re-lease; (2) absent extraordinary circumstances, en-sure that individuals who are detained by the Department and are parents of children in the United States are— (A) permitted regular phone calls and con-tact visits with their children; (B) provided with contact information for child welfare agencies and family courts in the relevant jurisdictions; (C) able to participate fully and, to the ex-tent possible, in person in all family court proceedings and any other proceedings that may impact their right to custody of their children; (D) granted free and confidential telephone calls to relevant child welfare agencies and family courts as often as is necessary to en-sure that the best interest of their children, including a preference for family unity whenever appropriate, can be considered in child welfare agency or family court pro-ceedings; (E) able to fully comply with all family court or child welfare agency orders impact-ing custody of their children; (F) provided access to United States pass-port applications or other relevant travel document applications for the purpose of ob-taining travel documents for their children; (G) afforded timely access to a notary pub-lic for the purpose of applying for a passport for their children or executing guardianship or other agreements to ensure the safety of their children; and (H) granted adequate time before removal to obtain passports, apostilled birth certifi-cates, travel documents, and other necessary records on behalf of their children if such children will accompany them on their re-turn to their country of origin or join them in their country of origin; and (3) if doing so would not impact public safety or national security, facilitate the ability of detained alien parents and primary caregivers to share information regarding travel arrangements with their consulate, children, child welfare agencies, or other caregivers in advance of the detained alien individual’s departure from the United States. (e) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and independent child welfare and family law experts, shall develop and provide training on the protections re-quired under subsections (c) and (d) to all personnel of the Department, cooperating entities, and detention facilities operated by or under agreement with the Department who regularly engage in immigration en-forcement actions, including detention, and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00160 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.027 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1089 February 14, 2018 
in the course of such actions come into con-tact with individuals who are parents or pri-mary caregivers of children in the United States. (f) R
ULEMAKING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to implement subsections (c) and (d). (g) S
EVERABILITY .—If any provision of this section, any amendment made by this sec-tion, or the application of any such provision or amendment to any person or cir-cumstance is held to be unconstitutional, the remaining provisions of this section, the remaining amendments made by this sec-tion, and the application of such provisions and amendments to any person or cir-cumstance shall not be affected by such holding. 
SA 1975. Mrs. M CCASKILL (for her-self, Mr. T
ESTER , and Ms. H EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BORDER AND PORT SECURITY. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Border and Port Security Act’’. (b) A
DDITIONAL U.S. C USTOMS AND BORDER  P
ROTECTION PERSONNEL .— (1) O
FFICERS .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign not fewer than 500 new Of-fice of Field Operations officers above the current authorized level every fiscal year until the total number of Office of Field Op-erations officers equals the requirements identified each year in the Workload Staff-ing Model. (2) S
UPPORT STAFF .—The Commissioner is authorized to hire, train, and assign support staff, including technicians, to perform non- law enforcement administrative functions to support the new Office of Field Operations officers hired pursuant to paragraph (1). (3) T
RAFFIC FORECASTS .—In calculating the number of Office of Field Operations officers needed at each port of entry through the Workload Staffing Model, the Office of Field Operations shall— (A) rely on data collected regarding the in-spections and other activities conducted at each such port of entry; and (B) consider volume from seasonal surges, other projected changes in commercial and passenger volumes, the most current com-mercial forecasts, and other relevant infor-mation. (4) R
EPORT ON WORKLOAD STAFFING MODEL  
UPDATES .—As part of the Annual Report on Staffing required under section 411(g)(5)(A) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 211(g)(5)(A)), the Commissioner shall include information concerning the progress made toward meeting Office of Field Oper-ations officer and support staff hiring tar-gets, while accounting for attrition. (5) GAO 
REPORT .—If the Commissioner does not hire the 500 additional Office of Field Op-erations officers authorized under paragraph (1) in fiscal year 2020, or in any subsequent fiscal year in which the hiring requirements set forth in the Workload Staffing Model have not been achieved, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (A) conduct a review of U.S. Customs and Border Protection hiring practices to deter-mine the reasons that such requirements were not achieved and other issues related to hiring by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; and (B) submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Rep-resentatives that describes the results of the review conducted under subparagraph (A). (c) PORTS OF ENTRY INFRASTRUCTURE EN-
HANCEMENT REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection shall submit a report to the Committee on Homeland Security and Gov-ernmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives that identifies— (1) infrastructure improvements at ports of entry that would enhance the ability of Of-fice of Field Operations officers to interdict opioids and other drugs that are being ille-gally transported into the United States, in-cluding a description of circumstances at specific ports of entry that prevent the im-plementation of technology used at other ports of entry; (2) detection equipment that would im-prove the ability of such Office of Field Oper-ations officers to identify opioids, including precursors and derivatives, that are being il-legally transported into the United States; and (3) safety equipment that would protect such Office of Field Operations officers from accidental exposure to such drugs or other dangers associated with the inspection of po-tential drug traffickers. (d) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $69,520,000 for each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2024. 
SA 1976. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self and Mr. W
YDEN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: Subtitle ll—Visas for Veterans 
SEC. lll1. SHORT TITLE. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Vet-erans Visa and Protection Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. lll2. DEFINITIONS. 
In this subtitle: (1) C
RIME OF VIOLENCE .—The term ‘‘crime of violence’’ means an offense defined in sec-tion 16 of title 18, United States Code— (A) that is not a purely political offense; and (B) for which the noncitizen has served a term of imprisonment of at least 5 years. (2) D
EPORTED VETERAN .—The term ‘‘de-ported veteran’’ means a veteran who— (A) is a noncitizen; and (B)(i) was removed from the United States; or (ii) is abroad and is inadmissible under sec-tion 212(a) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)). (3) N
ONCITIZEN .—The term ‘‘noncitizen’’ means an individual who is not a national of the United States, as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)). (4) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (5) S
ERVICE MEMBER .—The term ‘‘service member’’ means an individual who is serving as— (A) a member of a regular or reserve com-ponent of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty; or (B) a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces in an active status. (6) VETERAN .—The term ‘‘veteran’’ has the meaning given such term under section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code. 
SEC. lll3. RETURN OF NONCITIZEN VETERANS REMOVED FROM THE UNITED STATES; STATUS FOR NONCITIZEN VETERANS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) D
UTIES OF SECRETARY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) establish a program and application procedure to permit— (i) a deported veteran who meets each re-quirement under subsection (b) to enter the United States as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence; and (ii) a noncitizen veteran in the United States who meets each requirement under subsection (b) to adjust status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence; and (B) cancel the removal of any noncitizen veteran ordered removed who meets each re-quirement under subsection (b) and allow the noncitizen veteran to adjust status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (2) N
O NUMERICAL LIMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law may be con-strued to apply a numerical limitation on the number of veterans who may be eligible to receive a benefit under paragraph (1). (b) E
LIGIBILITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including sections 212 and 237 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182 and 1227), a veteran shall be eligible to participate in the program es-tablished under subsection (a)(1)(A), or for cancellation of removal under subsection (a)(1)(B), if the Secretary determines that the veteran— (A) was not ordered removed, or removed, from the United States due to a criminal conviction for— (i) a crime of violence; or (ii) a crime that endangers the national se-curity of the United States for which the noncitizen has served a term of imprison-ment of at least 5 years; and (B) is not inadmissible to, or deportable from, the United States due to a criminal conviction described in subparagraph (A). (2) W
AIVER .—The Secretary may waive the application of paragraph (1)— (A) for humanitarian purposes; (B) to ensure family unity; (C) due to exceptional service in the United States Armed Forces; or (D) if such waiver otherwise is in the pub-lic interest. 
SEC. lll4. PROTECTING VETERANS AND SERV-ICE MEMBERS FROM REMOVAL. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, including section 237 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227), a noncit-izen who is a veteran or service member may not be removed from the United States un-less the noncitizen has a criminal conviction for a crime of violence. 
SEC. lll5. NATURALIZATION THROUGH SERV-ICE IN THE ARMED FORCES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
An alien who has obtained the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence pursuant to section lll3(a) shall be eligible for naturalization through service in the Armed Forces of the United States under sections 328 and 329 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1439 and 1440), ex-cept that— (1) when determining whether the noncit-izen is a person of good moral character, dis-regard the ground on which the noncitizen was— (A) ordered removed, or was removed, from the United States; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:36 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00161 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.027 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1090 February 14, 2018 
(B) rendered inadmissible to, or deportable from, the United States; and (2) any period of absence from the United States due to the noncitizen having been re-moved, or being inadmissible, shall be dis-regarded when determining if the noncitizen satisfies any requirement relating to contin-uous residence or physical presence. 
SEC. lll6. ACCESS TO MILITARY BENEFITS. 
An alien who has obtained the status of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence pursuant to section lll3(a) shall be eligible for all military and veterans benefits for which the noncitizen would have been eli-gible if, from the United States, the noncit-izen had never— (a) been ordered removed; (b) been removed; or (c) voluntarily departed. 
SEC. lll7. IMPLEMENTATION. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall identify cases involving any service member or veteran at risk of removal from the United States by— (1) inquiring of every noncitizen processed prior to initiating a removal proceeding whether the noncitizen is serving, or has served— (A) as a member of a regular or reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty; or (B) as a member of a reserve component of the Armed Forces in an active status; (2) requiring U.S. Immigration and Cus-toms Enforcement personnel to seek super-visory approval prior to initiating a removal proceeding against a service member or vet-eran; and (3) keeping records of any service member or veteran who has— (A) had removal proceedings initiated against them; (B) been detained; or (C) been removed. (b) R
ECORD ANNOTATION .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—When the Secretary has identified a case under subsection (a), the Secretary shall annotate all immigration and naturalization records of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security relating to the noncitizen involved to— (A) reflect that identification; and (B) afford an opportunity to track the out-comes for the noncitizen. (2) A
NNOTATIONS .—Each annotation under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) the branch of military service in which each noncitizen served; (B) whether or not the noncitizen is serv-ing, or has served, during a period of mili-tary hostilities described in section 329 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1440); (C) the immigration status of each noncit-izen at the time of enlistment; (D) whether the noncitizen is serving hon-orably or was separated under honorable conditions; (E) the basis for which removal was sought; and (F) the crime for which conviction was ob-tained if the basis for removal was a crimi-nal conviction. 
SEC. lll8. REGULATIONS. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate regulations to implement this subtitle. 
SA 1977. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. IDENTIFYING ALIENS CONNECTED TO THE ARMED FORCES. 
Upon an alien’s application for an immi-gration benefit or the placement of such alien in an immigration enforcement pro-ceeding, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall— (1) determine if the alien is serving, or has served, as a member of— (A) a regular or reserve component of the Armed Forces of the United States on active duty; or (B) a reserve component of the Armed Forces in an active status; and (2) annotate every immigration and natu-ralization record of the Department of Homeland Security relating to an alien de-scribed in paragraph (1) to— (A) reflect that membership; and (B) afford an opportunity to track the out-comes for each alien. 
SA 1978. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PAROLE FOR CERTAIN VETERANS. 
Section 212(d)(5) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or (C)’’ after ‘‘(B)’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘Sec-retary of Homeland Security’’; and (3) by adding the following: ‘‘(C)(i) The Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity may parole any alien qualified under clause (ii) into the United States— ‘‘(I) at the discretion of the Secretary; ‘‘(II) on a case-by-case basis; and ‘‘(III) temporarily under such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe. ‘‘(ii) To qualify for parole under clause (i) an alien applying for admission to the United States shall— ‘‘(I) be a veteran (as defined in section 101(2) of title 38, United States Code); ‘‘(II) seek parole to receive health care fur-nished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code; and ‘‘(III) be outside of the United States pur-suant to having been ordered removed or vol-untarily departed from the United States under section 240B. ‘‘(iii) Parole of an alien under clause (i) shall not be regarded as an admission of the alien. ‘‘(iv) If the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity determines that the purposes of such pa-role have been served, the alien shall forth-with return or be returned to the custody from which the alien was paroled. ‘‘(v) Parole shall not be available under clause (i) for an alien who is inadmissible due to a criminal conviction— ‘‘(I)(aa) for a crime of violence (as defined in section 16 of title 18, United States Code), excluding a purely political offense; or ‘‘(bb) for a crime that endangers the na-tional security of the United States; and ‘‘(II) for which the alien has served a term of imprisonment of at least 5 years.’’. 
SA 1979. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR MIGUEL ANGEL PEREZ-MONTES, JR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding sub-sections (a) and (b) of section 201 of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151), on filing an application for issuance of an immigrant visa under section 204 of that Act (8 U.S.C. 1154) or for adjustment of sta-tus to lawful permanent resident, Miguel Angel Perez-Montes, Jr., shall be eligible for issuance of an immigrant visa or for adjust-ment of status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence. (b) A
DJUSTMENT OF STATUS .—If Miguel Angel Perez-Montes, Jr., enters the United States before the date of the filing deadline described in subsection (c), the alien shall be— (1) considered to have entered and re-mained lawfully in the United States; and (2) eligible for adjustment of status under section 245 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1255) as of the date of en-actment of this Act, if the alien is otherwise eligible for adjustment of status under that section. (c) D
EADLINE FOR APPLICATION AND PAY-
MENT OF FEES.—Subsections (a) and (b) shall apply only if the application for issuance of an immigrant visa or the application for ad-justment of status is filed, together with the applicable fees, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) R
EDUCTION OF IMMIGRANT VISANUM-
BER.—On the granting of an immigrant visa or permanent residence to Miguel Angel Perez-Montes, Jr., the Secretary of State shall instruct the proper officer to reduce by 1, during the current or next following fiscal year— (1) the total number of immigrant visas that are made available to natives of the country of birth of the alien under section 203(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)); or (2) if applicable, the total number of immi-grant visas that are made available to na-tives of the country of birth of the alien under section 202(e) of that Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(e)). 
SA 1980. Ms. DUCKWORTH submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ESTABLISHMENT AND USE OF NATU-RALIZATION OFFICES AT INITIAL MILITARY TRAINING SITES. 
(a) D EFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. (b) I
NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard, shall establish a naturalization office at each initial military training site of the Armed Forces under the jurisdiction of the respective Secretary. (c) O
UTREACH .—In coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00162 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.028 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1091 February 14, 2018 
and Readiness and the Director of U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services, each Sec-retary concerned shall, to the maximum ex-tent practicable— (1) identify each member of the Armed Forces overseen by such Secretary who is not a citizen of the United States; (2) inform each noncitizen member of the Armed Forces overseen by such Secretary about— (A) the existence of a naturalization office at each initial military training site; (B) the continuous availability of each nat-uralization office throughout the career of a member of the Armed Forces to— (i) evaluate the extent to which a noncit-izen member of the Armed Forces is eligible to become a naturalized citizen; and (ii) assess the suitability for citizenship of a noncitizen member of the Armed Forces; (C) each potential pathway to citizenship; (D) each service a naturalization office provides; (E) the required length of service to obtain citizenship during— (i) peacetime; and (ii) a period of hostility; and (F) the application process for citizenship, including— (i) details of the application process; (ii) required application materials; (iii) requirements for a naturalization interview; and (iv) any other information required to be-come a citizen under the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (d) T
IMING .—Each Secretary concerned shall complete the notifications required under subsection (c)— (1) during every stage of basic training; (2) during training for any military occu-pational specialty; (3) at each school of professional military education; (4) upon each transfer of a duty station; and (5) at any other time determined appro-priate by the Secretary concerned. (e) T
RAINED PERSONNEL .— (1) A
VAILABILITY .—Each Secretary con-cerned shall retain trained personnel at a naturalization office at every initial mili-tary training site to provide appropriate services to every member of the Armed Forces who is not a citizen of the United States. (2) T
RAINING .—All personnel retained under paragraph (1) shall be familiar with— (A) the special provisions of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) authorizing the expedited application and naturalization process for current mem-bers of the Armed Forces and veterans; (B) the application process for naturaliza-tion and associated application materials; and (C) the naturalization process adminis-tered by U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services. (f) A
SSIGNMENT PREFERENCE .—The Sec-retary concerned, to the extent practicable, shall assign each new member of the Armed Forces who is not a citizen of the United States to an initial military training site that has a naturalization office. (g) R
EPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Direc-tor of the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall annually publish, on a pub-licly accessible website— (1) the number of members of the Armed Forces who became naturalized United States citizens during the most recent year for which data is available, categorized by country in which the naturalization cere-mony took place; (2) the number of Armed Forces member’s children who became naturalized United States citizens during the most recent year for which data is available, categorized by country in which the naturalization cere-mony took place; and (3) the number of Armed Forces member’s spouses who became naturalized United States citizens during the most recent year for which data is available, categorized by country in which the naturalization cere-mony took place. (h) REGULATIONS .—Each Secretary con-cerned shall prescribe in regulation a defini-tion of the term ‘‘initial military training site’’ for purposes of this section. 
SA 1981. Ms. DUCKWORTH (for her-self and Mr. M
ARKEY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON DEPORTATION OR REMOVAL OF DEFERRED ACTION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PRO-GRAM PARTICIPANTS WHO ARE CUR-RENT OR FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may not deport or remove any alien who was granted DACA if the alien is a current or former member of the Armed Forces. (b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘DACA’’ means deferred ac-tion pursuant to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program announced by President Obama on June 15, 2012. (2) The term ‘‘Armed Forces’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘armed forces’’ in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, and includes the reserve components of the Armed Forces. 
SA 1982. Mr. PORTMAN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed to amendment SA 1959 proposed by Mr. G
RASSLEY (for himself, Mrs. E RNST , Mr. T
ILLIS , Mr. L ANKFORD , Mr. C OTTON , Mr. P
ERDUE , Mr. C ORNYN , Mr. A LEXANDER , and Mr. I
SAKSON ) to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike title II and insert the following: TITLE II—INTERIOR ENFORCEMENT 
SEC. 2001. UNLAWFUL EMPLOYMENT OF UNAU-THORIZED ALIENS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 274A of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 274A. UNLAWFUL EMPLOYMENT OF ALIENS. 
‘‘(a) M AKING EMPLOYMENT OF UNAUTHOR -
IZED ALIENS UNLAWFUL .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—It is unlawful for an em-ployer— ‘‘(A) to hire, recruit, or refer for a fee an alien for employment in the United States knowing that the alien is an unauthorized alien with respect to such employment; or ‘‘(B) to hire, recruit, or refer for a fee for employment in the United States an indi-vidual without complying with the require-ments under subsections (c) and (d). ‘‘(2) C
ONTINUING EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(A) P
ROHIBITION ON CONTINUED EMPLOY -
MENT OF UNAUTHORIZED ALIENS .—It is unlaw-ful for an employer, after hiring an alien for employment, to continue to employ the alien in the United States knowing that the alien is (or has become) an unauthorized alien with respect to such employment. ‘‘(B) PROHIBITION ON CONSIDERATION OF PRE -
VIOUS UNAUTHORIZED STATUS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit the employment of an individual who is author-ized for employment in the United States if such individual was previously an unauthor-ized alien. ‘‘(3) U
SE OF LABOR THROUGH CONTRACT .—For purposes of this section, any employer that uses a contract, subcontract, or exchange to obtain the labor of an alien in the United States while knowing that the alien is an un-authorized alien with respect to performing such labor shall be considered to have hired the alien for employment in the United States in violation of paragraph (1)(A). ‘‘(4) U
SE OF STATE EMPLOYMENT AGENCY  
DOCUMENTATION .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(B), (5), and (6), an employer shall be deemed to have complied with the require-ments under subsection (c) with respect to the hiring of an individual who was referred for such employment by a State employment agency (as defined by the Secretary) if the employer has and retains (for the period and in the manner described in subsection (c)(3)) appropriate documentation of such referral by such agency, certifying that such agency has complied with the procedures described in subsection (c) with respect to the individ-ual’s referral. An employer that relies on a State agency’s certification of compliance with subsection (c) under this paragraph may utilize and retain the State agency’s certification of compliance with the proce-dures described in subsection (d), if any, in the manner provided under this paragraph. ‘‘(5) G
OOD FAITH DEFENSE .— ‘‘(A) D
EFENSE .—An employer, person, or entity that hires, employs, recruits, or refers individuals for employment in the United States, or is otherwise obligated to comply with the requirements under this section and establishes good faith compliance with the requirements under paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (c) and subsection (d)— ‘‘(i) has established an affirmative defense that the employer, person, or entity has not violated paragraph (1)(A) with respect to hir-ing and employing; and ‘‘(ii) has established compliance with its obligations under subparagraph (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) and subsection (c) unless the Secretary demonstrates by clear and con-vincing evidence that the employer had knowledge that an individuals hired, em-ployed, recruited, or referred by the em-ployer, person, or entity is an unauthorized alien. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION FOR CERTAIN EMPLOYERS .— An employer who is not required to partici-pate in the System or who is participating in the System on a voluntary basis pursuant to subsection (d)(2)(J) has established an af-firmative defense under subparagraph (A) and need not demonstrate compliance with the requirements under subsection (d). ‘‘(6) G
OOD FAITH COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise pro-vided in this subsection, an employer, per-son, or entity is considered to have complied with a requirement under this subsection notwithstanding a technical or procedural failure to meet such requirement if there was a good faith attempt to comply with the requirement. ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION IF FAILURE TO CORRECT  
AFTER NOTICE .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply if— ‘‘(i) the failure is not de minimis; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary of Homeland Security has explained to the employer, person, or en-tity the basis for the failure and why it is not de minimis; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00163 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.029 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1092 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(iii) the employer, person, or entity has been provided a period of not less than 30 days (beginning after the date of the expla-nation) to correct the failure; and ‘‘(iv) the employer, person, or entity has not corrected the failure voluntarily within such period. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION FOR PATTERN OR PRACTICE  
VIOLATORS .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to an employer, person, or entity that has engaged or is engaging in a pattern or practice of violations of paragraph (1)(A) or (2). ‘‘(7) P
RESUMPTION .—After the date on which an employer is required to participate in the System under subsection (d), the em-ployer is presumed to have acted with knowledge for purposes of paragraph (1)(A) if the employer hires, employs, recruits, or re-fers an employee for a fee and fails to make an inquiry to verify the employment author-ization status of the employee through the System. ‘‘(8) C
ONTINUED APPLICATION OF WORKFORCE  
AND LABOR PROTECTION REMEDIES DESPITE UN -
AUTHORIZED EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject only to subpara-graph (B), all rights and remedies provided under any Federal, State, or local law relat-ing to workplace rights, including but not limited to back pay, are available to an em-ployee despite— ‘‘(i) the employee’s status as an unauthor-ized alien during or after the period of em-ployment; or ‘‘(ii) the employer’s or employee’s failure to comply with the requirements of this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) R
EINSTATEMENT .—Reinstatement shall be available to individuals who— ‘‘(i) are authorized to work in the United States at the time such relief is ordered or effectuated; or ‘‘(ii) lost employment-authorized status due to the unlawful acts of the employer under this section. ‘‘(b) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) C
OMMISSIONER .—The term ‘Commis-sioner’ means the Commissioner of Social Security. ‘‘(2) D
EPARTMENT .—Except as otherwise provided, the term ‘Department’ means the Department of Homeland Security. ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYER .—The term ‘employer’ means any person or entity, including an agency or department of a Federal, State, or local government, an agent, or a System service provider acting on behalf of an em-ployer, that hires, employs, recruits, or re-fers for a fee an individual for employment in the United States that is not casual, spo-radic, irregular, or intermittent (as defined by the Secretary). ‘‘(4) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZED STATUS .— The term ‘employment authorized status’ means, with respect to an individual, that the individual is authorized to be employed in the United States under the immigration laws of the United States. ‘‘(5) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(6) S
YSTEM .—The term ‘System’ means the Employment Verification System estab-lished under subsection (d). ‘‘(7) U
NAUTHORIZED ALIEN .—The term ‘un-authorized alien’ means an alien who, with respect to employment in the United States at a particular time— ‘‘(A) is not lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence; or ‘‘(B) is not authorized to be employed under this Act or by the Secretary. ‘‘(8) W
ORKPLACE RIGHTS .—The term ‘work-place rights’ means rights guaranteed under Federal, State, or local labor or employment laws, including laws concerning wages and hours, benefits and employment standards, labor relations, workplace health and safety, work-related injuries, nondiscrimination, and retaliation for exercising rights under such laws. ‘‘(c) DOCUMENT VERIFICATION REQUIRE -
MENTS .—Any employer hiring an individual for employment in the United States shall comply with the following requirements and the requirements under subsection (d) to verify that the individual has employment authorized status. ‘‘(1) A
TTESTATION AFTER EXAMINATION OF  
DOCUMENTATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(i) E
XAMINATION BY EMPLOYER .—An em- ployer shall attest, under penalty of perjury on a form prescribed by the Secretary, that the employer has verified the identity and employment authorization status of the indi-vidual— ‘‘(I) by examining— ‘‘(aa) a document specified in subparagraph (C); or ‘‘(bb) a document specified in subparagraph (D) and a document specified in subpara-graph (E); and ‘‘(II) by using an identity authentication mechanism described in clause (iii) or (iv) of subparagraph (F). ‘‘(ii) P
UBLICATION OF DOCUMENTS .—The Sec- retary shall publish a picture of each docu-ment specified in subparagraphs (C) and (E) on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services website. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) F
ORM.—The form referred to in sub-paragraph (A)(i)— ‘‘(I) shall be prescribed by the Secretary not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act; ‘‘(II) shall be available as— ‘‘(aa) a paper form; ‘‘(bb) a form that may be completed by an employer via telephone or video conference; ‘‘(cc) an electronic form; or ‘‘(dd) a form that is integrated electroni-cally with the requirements under subpara-graph (F) and subsection (d). ‘‘(ii) A
TTESTATION .—Each such form shall require the employer to sign an attestation with a handwritten, electronic, or digital signature, according to standards prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(iii) C
OMPLIANCE .—An employer has com-plied with the requirements under this para-graph with respect to examination of the documents included in subclauses (I) and (II) of subparagraph (A)(i) if— ‘‘(I) the employer has, in good faith, fol-lowed applicable regulations and any written procedures or instructions provided by the Secretary; and ‘‘(II) a reasonable person would conclude that the documentation is genuine and re-lates to the individual presenting such docu-mentation. ‘‘(C) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY  
AND EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZED STATUS .—A document is specified in this subparagraph if the document is unexpired (unless the valid-ity of the document is extended by law) and is 1 of the following: ‘‘(i) A United States passport or passport card issued to an individual pursuant to the Secretary of State’s authority under the Act entitled ‘An Act to regulate the issue and va-lidity of passports, and for other purposes’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a). ‘‘(ii) A document issued to an alien evi-dencing that the alien is lawfully admitted for permanent residence or another docu-ment issued to an individual evidencing the individual’s employment authorized status, as designated by the Secretary, if the docu-ment— ‘‘(I) contains a photograph of the indi-vidual, or such other personal identifying in-formation relating to the individual as the Secretary determines, by regulation, to be sufficient for the purposes of this subpara-graph; ‘‘(II) is evidence of employment authorized status; and ‘‘(III) contains security features to make the document resistant to tampering, coun-terfeiting, and fraudulent use. ‘‘(iii) An enhanced driver’s license or iden-tification card issued to a national of the United States by a State, an outlying posses-sion of the United States, or a federally rec-ognized Indian tribe that— ‘‘(I) meets the requirements under section 202 of the REAL ID Act of 2005 (division B of Public Law 109–13; 49 U.S.C. 30301 note); and ‘‘(II) the Secretary has certified by notice published in the Federal Register and through appropriate notice directly to em-ployers registered in the System 3 months prior to publication that such enhanced li-cense or card is suitable for use under this subparagraph based upon the accuracy and security of the issuance process, security features on the document, and such other factors as the Secretary may prescribe. ‘‘(iv) A passport issued by the appropriate authority of a foreign country accompanied by a Form I–94 or Form I–94A (or similar suc-cessor record), or other documentation as designated by the Secretary that specifies the individual’s status in the United States and the duration of such status if the pro-posed employment is not in conflict with any restriction or limitation specified on such form or documentation. ‘‘(v) A passport issued by the Federated States of Micronesia or the Republic of the Marshall Islands with evidence of non-immigrant admission to the United States under the Compact of Free Association be-tween the United States and the Federated States of Micronesia or the Republic of the Marshall Islands. ‘‘(D) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY OF  
INDIVIDUAL .—A document is specified in this subparagraph if the document is unexpired (unless the validity of the document is ex-tended by law) and is 1 of the following: ‘‘(i) A driver’s license or identity card that is not described in subparagraph (C)(iii) and is issued to an individual by a State or an outlying possession of the United States, a federally recognized Indian tribe, or an agen-cy (including military) of the Federal Gov-ernment if the driver’s license or identity card includes, at a minimum— ‘‘(I) the individual’s photograph, name, date of birth, gender, and driver’s license or identification card number; and ‘‘(II) security features to make the license or card resistant to tampering, counter-feiting, and fraudulent use. ‘‘(ii) A voter registration card. ‘‘(iii) A document that complies with the requirements under section 7209(b)(1) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Preven-tion Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 8 U.S.C. 1185 note). ‘‘(iv) For individuals under 18 years of age who are unable to present a document listed in clause (i) or (ii), documentation of per-sonal identity of such other type as the Sec-retary determines will provide a reliable means of identification, which may include an attestation as to the individual’s identity by a parent or legal guardian under penalty of perjury. ‘‘(E) D
OCUMENTS EVIDENCING EMPLOYMENT  
AUTHORIZATION .—A document is specified in this subparagraph if the document is unex-pired (unless the validity of the document is extended by law) and is 1 of the following: ‘‘(i) A social security account number card issued by the Commissioner, other than a card which specifies on its face that the card 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00164 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1093 February 14, 2018 
is not valid to evidence employment author-ized status or has other similar words of lim-itation. ‘‘(ii) Any other documentation evidencing employment authorized status that the Sec-retary determines and publishes in the Fed-eral Register and through appropriate notice directly to employers registered within the System to be acceptable for purposes of this subparagraph if such documentation, includ-ing any electronic security measures linked to such documentation, contains security features to make such documentation resist-ant to tampering, counterfeiting, and fraud-ulent use. ‘‘(F) I
DENTITY AUTHENTICATION MECHA -
NISM.— ‘‘(i) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) C
OVERED IDENTITY DOCUMENT .—The term ‘covered identity document’ means a valid— ‘‘(aa) United States passport, passport card, or a document evidencing lawful per-manent residence status or employment au-thorized status issued to an alien; ‘‘(bb) enhanced driver’s license or identity card issued by a participating State or an outlying possession of the United States; or ‘‘(cc) photograph and appropriate identi-fying information provided by the Secretary of State pursuant to the granting of a visa. ‘‘(II) P
ARTICIPATING STATE .—The term ‘par-ticipating State’ means a State that has an agreement with the Secretary to provide the Secretary, for purposes of identity verification in the System, with photographs and appropriate identifying information maintained by the State. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIREMENT FOR IDENTITY AUTHEN -
TICATION .—In addition to verifying the docu-ments specified in subparagraph (C), (D), or (E), the System shall require each employer to verify the identity of each new hire using the identity authentication mechanism de-scribed in clause (iii), or for an individual whose identity is not able to be verified using that mechanism, to use the additional security measures provided in clause (iv) after such measures become available. A fail-ure of the System to verify the identity of an individual due to the use of an identity au-thentication mechanism shall result in a fur-ther action notice under subsection (d)(4)(C)(iii). ‘‘(iii) P
HOTO TOOL .— ‘‘(I) U
SE REQUIREMENT .—An employer that hires an individual who has presented a cov-ered identity document to establish his or her identity and employment authorization under this subsection shall verify the iden-tity of such individual using the photo tool described in subclause (II). ‘‘(II) D
EVELOPMENT REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall develop and maintain a photo tool that enables employers to match the photograph on a covered identity docu-ment provided to the employer to a photo-graph maintained by a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services database or other ap-propriate database. ‘‘(III) I
NDIVIDUAL QUERIES .—The photo tool capability shall be incorporated into the System and made available to employers not later than 1 year after the date on which reg-ulations are published implementing sub-section (d). ‘‘(IV) L
IMITATIONS ON USE OF INFORMA -
TION.—Information and images acquired from State motor vehicle databases through the photo tool developed under this clause— ‘‘(aa) may only be used for matching pho-tographs to a covered identity document for the purposes of employment verification; ‘‘(bb) shall not be collected or stored by the Federal Government; and ‘‘(cc) may only be disseminated in response to an individual photo tool query. ‘‘(iv) A
DDITIONAL SECURITY MEASURES .— ‘‘(I) USE REQUIREMENT .—An employer seek-ing to hire an individual whose identity is not able to be verified using the photo tool described in clause (iii) because the em-ployee did not present a covered document for employment eligibility verification pur-poses shall verify the identity of such indi-vidual using the additional security meas-ures described in subclause (II). ‘‘(II) D
EVELOPMENT REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall develop, after publication in the Federal Register and an opportunity for public comment, specific and effective addi-tional security measures to adequately verify the identity of an individual whose identity is not able to be verified using the photo tool described in clause (iii). Such ad-ditional security measures— ‘‘(aa) shall be kept up-to-date with techno-logical advances; ‘‘(bb) shall provide a means of identity au-thentication in a manner that provides a high level of certainty as to the identity of such individual, using immigration and iden-tifying information that may include review of identity documents or background screen-ing verification techniques using publicly available information; and ‘‘(cc) shall be incorporated into the System and made available to employers not later than 1 year after the date on which regula-tions are published implementing subsection (d). ‘‘(III) C
OMPREHENSIVE USE .—An employer may employ the additional security meas-ures set forth in this clause with respect to all individuals the employer hires if the em-ployer notifies the Secretary of such election at the time the employer registers for use of the System under subsection (d)(4)(A)(i) or anytime thereafter. An election under this subclause may be withdrawn 90 days after the employer notifies the Secretary of the employer’s intent to discontinue such elec-tion. ‘‘(v) A
UTOMATED VERIFICATION .—The Sec- retary— ‘‘(I) may establish a program, in addition to the identity authentication mechanism described in paragraph (F)(iii), in which the System automatically verifies information contained in a covered identity document issued by a participating State, which is pre-sented under subparagraph (D)(i), including information needed to verify that the cov-ered identity document matches the State’s records; ‘‘(II) may not maintain information pro-vided by a participating State in a database maintained by U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services; and ‘‘(III) may not use or disclose such infor-mation, except as authorized under this sec-tion. ‘‘(G) A
UTHORITY TO PROHIBIT USE OF CER -
TAIN DOCUMENTS .—If the Secretary deter-mines, after publication in the Federal Reg-ister and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents specified in subparagraph (B), (C), or (D) does not reliably establish identity or that em-ployment authorized status is being used fraudulently to an unacceptable degree, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may prohibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents for pur-poses of this subsection; and ‘‘(ii) shall directly notify all employers registered within the System of the prohibi-tion through appropriate means. ‘‘(H) A
UTHORITY TO ALLOW USE OF CERTAIN  
DOCUMENTS .—If the Secretary has deter-mined that another document or class of documents, such as a document issued by a federally recognized Indian tribe, may be used to reliably establish identity or em-ployment authorized status, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may allow the use of that document or class of documents for purposes of this sub-section after publication in the Federal Reg-ister and an opportunity for public comment; ‘‘(ii) shall publish a description of any such document or class of documents on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services website; and ‘‘(iii) shall directly notify all employers registered within the System of the addition through appropriate means. ‘‘(2) INDIVIDUAL ATTESTATION OF EMPLOY -
MENT AUTHORIZATION .—An individual, upon commencing employment with an employer, shall— ‘‘(A) attest, under penalty of perjury, on the form prescribed by the Secretary, that the individual is— ‘‘(i) a citizen of the United States; ‘‘(ii) an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence; ‘‘(iii) an alien who has employment author-ized status; or ‘‘(iv) otherwise authorized by the Sec-retary to be hired for such employment; ‘‘(B) provide such attestation by a hand-written, electronic, or digital signature; and ‘‘(C) provide the individual’s social secu-rity account number to the Secretary, unless the individual has not yet been issued such a number, on such form as the Secretary may require. ‘‘(3) R
ETENTION OF VERIFICATION RECORD .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—After completing a form for an individual in accordance with para-graphs (1) and (2), the employer shall retain a version of such completed form and make such form available for inspection by the Secretary or the Office of Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment Practices of the Department of Justice dur-ing the period beginning on the hiring date of the individual and ending on the later of— ‘‘(i) the date that is 3 years after such hir-ing date; or ‘‘(ii) the date that is 1 year after the date on which the individual’s employment with the employer is terminated. ‘‘(B) R
EQUIREMENT FOR ELECTRONIC RETEN -
TION.—The Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall permit an employer to retain the form described in subparagraph (A) in elec-tronic form; and ‘‘(ii) shall permit an employer to retain such form in paper, microfiche, microfilm, portable document format, or other media. ‘‘(4) C
OPYING OF DOCUMENTATION AND REC -
ORDKEEPING .—The Secretary may promul-gate regulations regarding— ‘‘(A) copying documents and related infor-mation pertaining to employment verification presented by an individual under this subsection; and ‘‘(B) retaining such information during a period not to exceed the required retention period set forth in paragraph (3). ‘‘(5) P
ENALTIES .—An employer that fails to comply with any requirement under this sub-section may be penalized under subsection (e)(4)(B). ‘‘(6) P
ROTECTION OF CIVIL RIGHTS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Nothing in this section may be construed to diminish any rights otherwise protected by Federal law. ‘‘(B) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION .—An employer shall use the procedures for docu-ment verification set forth in this paragraph for all employees without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, or, un-less specifically permitted in this section, to citizenship status. ‘‘(7) R
ECEIPTS .—The Secretary may author-ize the use of receipts for replacement docu-ments, and temporary evidence of employ-ment authorization by an individual to meet a documentation requirement under this subsection on a temporary basis not to ex-ceed 1 year, after which time the individual 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00165 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1094 February 14, 2018 
shall provide documentation sufficient to satisfy the documentation requirements under this subsection. ‘‘(8) N
O AUTHORIZATION OF NATIONAL IDENTI -
FICATION CARDS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to directly or indirectly authorize the issuance, use, or establishment of a national identification card. ‘‘(d) E
MPLOYMENT VERIFICATION SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) E
STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner, shall establish the Employment Verification Sys-tem. ‘‘(B) M
ONITORING .—The Secretary shall cre-ate the necessary processes to monitor— ‘‘(i) the functioning of the System, includ-ing the volume of the workflow, the speed of processing of queries, and the speed and ac-curacy of responses; ‘‘(ii) the misuse of the System, including the prevention of fraud or identity theft; ‘‘(iii) whether the use of the System re-sults in wrongful adverse actions or discrimi-nation based upon a prohibited factor against citizens or nationals of the United States or individuals who have employment authorized status; and ‘‘(iv) the security, integrity, and privacy of the System. ‘‘(C) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall create processes to provide an in-dividual with direct access to the individ-ual’s case history in the System, including— ‘‘(I) the identities of all persons or entities that have queried the individual through the System; ‘‘(II) the date of each such query; and ‘‘(III) the System response for each such query; and ‘‘(ii) in consultation with the Commis-sioner, shall develop— ‘‘(I) protocols to notify an individual, in a timely manner through the use of electronic correspondence or mail, that a query for the individual has been processed through the System; or ‘‘(II) a process for the individual to submit additional queries to the System or notify the Secretary of potential identity fraud. ‘‘(2) P
ARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) F
EDERAL GOVERNMENT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), all agencies and departments in the executive, legisla-tive, or judicial branches of the Federal Gov-ernment shall participate in the System be-ginning on the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the date of the enactment of the SE-CURE and SUCCEED Act, to the extent re-quired under section 402(e)(1) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Respon-sibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a) and as already imple-mented by each agency or department; or ‘‘(ii) the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUC-CEED Act. ‘‘(B) F
EDERAL CONTRACTORS .—Federal con-tractors shall participate in the System as provided in the final rule relating to employ-ment eligibility verification published in the Federal Register on November 14, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 67,651), or any similar subsequent regulation, for which purpose references to E-Verify in the final rule shall be construed to apply to the System. ‘‘(C) C
RITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning on the date that is 1 year after the date on which regula-tions are published implementing this sub-section, the Secretary may authorize or di-rect any employer, person, or entity respon-sible for granting access to, protecting, se-curing, operating, administering, or regu-lating part of the critical infrastructure (as defined in section 1016(e) of the Critical In-frastructure Protection Act of 2001 (42 U.S.C. 5195c(e))) to participate in the System to the extent the Secretary determines that such participation will assist in the protection of the critical infrastructure. ‘‘(ii) NOTIFICATION TO EMPLOYERS .—The Secretary shall notify an employer required to participate in the System under this sub-paragraph not later than 90 days before the date on which the employer is required to participate. ‘‘(D) E
MPLOYERS WITH MORE THAN 10 ,000 EM -
PLOYEES .—Not later than 1 year after regula-tions are published implementing this sub-section, all employers with more than 10,000 employees shall participate in the System with respect to all newly hired employees and employees with expiring temporary em-ployment authorization documents. ‘‘(E) E
MPLOYERS WITH MORE THAN 500 EM -
PLOYEES .—Not later than 2 years after regu-lations are published implementing this sub-section, all employers with more than 500 employees shall participate in the System with respect to all newly hired employees and employees with expiring temporary em-ployment authorization documents. ‘‘(F) E
MPLOYERS WITH MORE THAN 20 EM -
PLOYEES .—Not later than 3 years after regu-lations are published implementing this sub-section, all employers with more than 20 em-ployees shall participate in the System with respect to all newly hired employees and em-ployees with expiring temporary employ-ment authorization documents. ‘‘(G) A
GRICULTURAL EMPLOYMENT .—Not later than 4 years after regulations are pub-lished implementing this subsection, em-ployers of employees performing agricultural employment (as defined in section 218A) shall participate in the System with respect to all newly hired employees and employees with expiring temporary employment au-thorization documents. An agricultural em-ployee shall not be counted for purposes of subparagraph (D), (E), or (F). ‘‘(H) A
LL EMPLOYERS .—Not later than 4 years after regulations are published imple-menting this subsection, all employers shall participate in the System with respect to all newly hired employees and employees with expiring temporary employment authoriza-tion documents. ‘‘(I) T
RIBAL GOVERNMENT EMPLOYERS .— ‘‘(i) R
ULEMAKING .—In developing regula-tions to implement this subsection, the Sec-retary shall— ‘‘(I) consider the effects of this section on federally recognized Indian tribes and tribal members; and ‘‘(II) consult with the governments of fed-erally recognized Indian tribes. ‘‘(ii) R
EQUIRED PARTICIPATION .—Not later than 4 years after regulations are published implementing this subsection, all employers owned by, or entities of, the government of a federally recognized Indian tribe shall par-ticipate in the System with respect to all newly hired employees and employees with expiring temporary employment authoriza-tion documents. ‘‘(J) I
MMIGRATION LAW VIOLATORS .— ‘‘(i) O
RDERS FINDING VIOLATIONS .—An order finding any employer to have violated this section or section 274C may, in the Sec-retary’s discretion, require the employer to participate in the System with respect to newly hired employees and employees with expiring temporary employment authoriza-tion documents, if such employer is not oth-erwise required to participate in the System under this section. The Secretary shall mon-itor such employer’s compliance with Sys-tem procedures. ‘‘(ii) P
ATTERN OR PRACTICE OF VIOLATIONS .— The Secretary may require an employer that is required to participate in the System with respect to newly hired employees to partici-pate in the System with respect to the em-ployer’s current employees if the employer is determined by the Secretary or other appro-priate authority to have engaged in a pat-tern or practice of violations of the immigra-tion laws of the United States. ‘‘(K) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—The Sec- retary may permit any employer that is not required to participate in the System under this section to do so on a voluntary basis. ‘‘(3) C
ONSEQUENCE OF FAILURE TO PARTICI -
PATE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the failure, other than a de minimis or inadvertent failure, of an em-ployer that is required to participate in the System to comply with the requirements of the System with respect to an individual— ‘‘(i) shall be treated as a violation of sub-section (a)(1)(B) with respect to that indi-vidual; and ‘‘(ii) creates a rebuttable presumption that the employer has violated paragraph (1)(A) or (2) of subsection (a). ‘‘(B) E
XCEPTION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Subparagraph (A) shall not apply in a criminal prosecution. ‘‘(ii) U
SE AS EVIDENCE .—Nothing in this paragraph may be construed to limit the use in the prosecution of a Federal crime, in a manner otherwise consistent with Federal criminal law and procedure, of evidence re-lating to the employer’s failure to comply with requirements of the System. ‘‘(4) P
ROCEDURES FOR PARTICIPANTS IN THE  
SYSTEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An employer partici-pating in the System shall register such par-ticipation with the Secretary and, when hir-ing any individual for employment in the United States, shall comply with the fol-lowing: ‘‘(i) R
EGISTRATION OF EMPLOYERS .—The Secretary, through notice in the Federal Register, shall prescribe procedures that em-ployers shall be required to follow to register with the System. ‘‘(ii) U
PDATING INFORMATION .—The em-ployer is responsible for providing notice of any change to the information required under subclauses (I), (II), and (III) of clause (v) before conducting any further inquiries within the System, or on such other schedule as the Secretary may prescribe. ‘‘(iii) T
RAINING .—The Secretary shall re-quire employers to undergo such training as the Secretary determines to be necessary to ensure proper use, protection of civil rights and civil liberties, privacy, integrity, and se-curity of the System. To the extent prac-ticable, such training shall be made avail-able electronically on the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services website. ‘‘(iv) N
OTIFICATION TO EMPLOYEES .—The employer shall inform individuals hired for employment that the System— ‘‘(I) will be used by the employer; ‘‘(II) may be used for immigration enforce-ment purposes; and ‘‘(III) may not be used to discriminate or to take adverse action against a national of the United States or an alien who has em-ployment authorized status. ‘‘(v) P
ROVISION OF ADDITIONAL INFORMA -
TION.—The employer shall obtain from the individual (and the individual shall provide) and shall record in such manner as the Sec-retary may specify— ‘‘(I) the individual’s social security ac-count number; ‘‘(II) if the individual does not attest to United States citizenship or status as a na-tional of the United States under subsection (c)(2), such identification or authorization number established by the Department as the Secretary shall specify; and ‘‘(III) such other information as the Sec-retary may require to determine the identity and employment authorization of an indi-vidual. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00166 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1095 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(vi) P RESENTATION OF DOCUMENTATION .— The employer, and the individual whose identity and employment authorized status are being confirmed, shall fulfill the require-ments under subsection (c). ‘‘(B) S
EEKING CONFIRMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An employer shall use the System to confirm the identity and em-ployment authorized status of any individual during— ‘‘(I) the period beginning on the date on which the individual accepts an offer of em-ployment and ending 3 business days after the date on which employment begins; or ‘‘(II) such other reasonable period as the Secretary may prescribe. ‘‘(ii) L
IMITATION .—An employer may not make the starting date of an individual’s em-ployment or training or any other term and condition of employment dependent on the receipt of a confirmation of identity and em-ployment authorized status by the System. ‘‘(iii) R
EVERIFICATION .—If an individual has a limited period of employment authorized status, the individual’s employer shall re- verify such status through the System not later than 3 business days after the last day of such period. ‘‘(iv) O
THER EMPLOYMENT .—For employers directed by the Secretary to participate in the System under paragraph (2)(C)(i) to pro-tect critical infrastructure or otherwise specified circumstances in this section to verify their entire workforce, the System may be used for initial verification of an in-dividual who was hired before the employer became subject to the System, and the em-ployer shall initiate all required procedures on or before such date as the Secretary shall specify. ‘‘(v) N
OTIFICATION .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall pro-vide, and the employer shall use, as part of the System, a method of notifying employers of a confirmation or nonconfirmation of an individual’s identity and employment au-thorized status, or a notice that further ac-tion is required to verify such identity or employment eligibility (referred to in this subsection as a ‘further action notice’). ‘‘(II) P
ROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(aa) directly notify the individual and the employer, by means of electronic cor-respondence, mail, text message, telephone, or other direct communication, of a noncon-firmation or further action notice; ‘‘(bb) provide information about filing an administrative appeal under paragraph (6) and a filing for review before an administra-tive law judge under paragraph (7); and ‘‘(cc) establish procedures to directly no-tify the individual and the employer of a confirmation. ‘‘(III) I
MPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary may provide for a phased-in implementation of the notification requirements under this clause, as appropriate. The notification sys-tem shall cover all inquiries not later than 1 year from the date of the enactment of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act. ‘‘(C) C
ONFIRMATION OR NONCONFIRMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
NITIAL RESPONSE .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subclause (II), the System shall provide— ‘‘(aa) a confirmation of an individual’s identity and employment authorized status or a further action notice at the time of the inquiry; and ‘‘(bb) an appropriate code indicating such confirmation or such further action notice. ‘‘(II) A
LTERNATIVE DEADLINE .—If the Sys-tem is unable to provide immediate con-firmation or further action notice for tech-nological reasons or due to unforeseen cir-cumstances, the System shall provide a con-firmation or further action notice not later than 3 business days after the initial inquiry. ‘‘(ii) CONFIRMATION UPON INITIAL INQUIRY .— If the employer receives an appropriate con-firmation of an individual’s identity and em-ployment authorized status under the Sys-tem, the employer shall record the confirma-tion in such manner as the Secretary may specify. ‘‘(iii) F
URTHER ACTION NOTICE AND LATER  
CONFIRMATION OR NONCONFIRMATION .— ‘‘(I) N
OTIFICATION AND ACKNOWLEDGMENT  
THAT FURTHER ACTION IS REQUIRED .—Not later than 3 business days after an employer re-ceives a further action notice of an individ-ual’s identity or employment eligibility under the System, or during such other rea-sonable time as the Secretary may prescribe, the employer shall notify the individual for whom the confirmation is sought of the fur-ther action notice and any procedures speci-fied by the Secretary for addressing such no-tice. The employer shall give the further ac-tion notice to the individual in writing and the employer shall acknowledge in the Sys-tem under penalty of perjury that it pro-vided the employee with the further action notice. The individual shall affirmatively ac-knowledge in writing, or in such other man-ner as the Secretary may specify, the receipt of the further action notice from the em-ployer. If the individual refuses to acknowl-edge the receipt of the further action notice, or acknowledges in writing that the indi-vidual will not contest the further action no-tice under subclause (II), the employer shall notify the Secretary in such manner as the Secretary may specify. ‘‘(II) C
ONTEST .—Not later than 10 business days after receiving notification of a further action notice under subclause (I), the indi-vidual shall contact the appropriate Federal agency and, if the Secretary so requires, ap-pear in person for purposes of verifying the individual’s identity and employment eligi-bility. The Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall specify an available secondary verification procedure to confirm the validity of information provided and to provide a confirmation or nonconfirmation. Any procedures for reexamination shall not limit in any way an employee’s right to ap-peal a nonconfirmation. ‘‘(III) N
O CONTEST .—If the individual re-fuses to acknowledge receipt of the further action notice, acknowledges that the indi-vidual will not contest the further action no-tice as provided in subclause (I), or does not contact the appropriate Federal agency within the period specified in subclause (II), following expiration of the period specified in subclause (II), a nonconfirmation shall be issued. The employer shall record the non-confirmation in such manner as the Sec-retary may specify and terminate the indi-vidual’s employment. An individual’s failure to contest a further action notice shall not be considered an admission of guilt with re-spect to any violation of this section or any provision of law. ‘‘(IV) C
ONFIRMATION OR NONCONFIRMATION .— Unless the period is extended in accordance with this subclause, the System shall pro-vide a confirmation or nonconfirmation not later than 10 business days after the date on which the individual contests the further ac-tion notice under subclause (II). If the Sec-retary determines that good cause exists, after taking into account adverse impacts to the employer, and including time to permit the individual to obtain and provide needed evidence of identity or employment eligi-bility, the Secretary shall extend the period for providing confirmation or nonconfirma-tion for stated periods beyond 10 business days. When confirmation or nonconfirmation is provided, the confirmation system shall provide an appropriate code indicating such confirmation or nonconfirmation. ‘‘(V) REEXAMINATION .—Nothing in this sec-tion shall prevent the Secretary from estab-lishing procedures to reexamine a case where a confirmation or nonconfirmation has been provided if subsequently received informa-tion indicates that the confirmation or non-confirmation may not have been correct. Any procedures for reexamination shall not limit in any way an employee’s right to ap-peal a nonconfirmation. ‘‘(VI) E
MPLOYEE PROTECTIONS .—An em- ployer may not terminate employment or take any other adverse action against an in-dividual solely because of a failure of the in-dividual to have identity and employment eligibility confirmed under this subsection until— ‘‘(aa) a nonconfirmation has been issued; ‘‘(bb) if the further action notice was con-tested, the period to timely file an adminis-trative appeal has expired without an appeal or the contestation to the further action no-tice is withdrawn; or ‘‘(cc) if an appeal before an administrative law judge under paragraph (7) has been filed, the nonconfirmation has been upheld or the appeal has been withdrawn or dismissed. ‘‘(iv) N
OTICE OF NONCONFIRMATION .—Not later than 3 business days after an employer receives a nonconfirmation, or during such other reasonable time as the Secretary may provide, the employer shall notify the indi-vidual who is the subject of the nonconfirma-tion, and provide information about filing an administrative appeal pursuant to paragraph (6) and a request for a hearing before an ad-ministrative law judge pursuant to para-graph (7). The employer shall give the non-confirmation notice to the individual in writing and the employer shall acknowledge in the System under penalty of perjury that it provided the notice (or adequately at-tempted to provide notice, but was unable to do so despite reasonable efforts). The indi-vidual shall affirmatively acknowledge in writing, or in such other manner as the Sec-retary may prescribe, the receipt of the non-confirmation notice from the employer. If the individual refuses or fails to acknowl-edge the receipt of the nonconfirmation no-tice, the employer shall notify the Secretary in such manner as the Secretary may pre-scribe. ‘‘(D) C
ONSEQUENCES OF NONCONFIRMATION .— ‘‘(i) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUED EMPLOY -
MENT .—Except as provided in clause (iii), an employer that has received a nonconfirma-tion regarding an individual and has made reasonable efforts to notify the individual in accordance with subparagraph (C)(iv) shall terminate the employment of the individual upon the expiration of the time period speci-fied in paragraph (7). ‘‘(ii) C
ONTINUED EMPLOYMENT AFTER NON -
CONFIRMATION .—If the employer continues to employ an individual after receiving noncon-firmation and exhaustion of all appeals or expiration of all rights to appeal if not ap-pealed, in violation of clause (i), a rebuttable presumption is created that the employer has violated paragraphs (1)(A) and (2) of sub-section (a). Such presumption shall not apply in any prosecution under subsection (k)(1). ‘‘(iii) E
FFECT OF ADMINISTRATIVE APPEAL OR  
REVIEW BY ADMINISTRATIVE LAW JUDGE .—If an individual files an administrative appeal of the nonconfirmation within the time period specified in paragraph (6)(A), or files for re-view with an administrative law judge speci-fied in paragraph (7)(A), the employer shall not terminate the individual’s employment under this subparagraph prior to the resolu-tion of the administrative appeal unless the Secretary or Commissioner terminates the stay under paragraph (6)(B) or (7)(B). ‘‘(iv) W
EEKLY REPORT .—The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00167 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1096 February 14, 2018 
shall submit a weekly report to the Assist-ant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement that includes, for each indi-vidual who receives final nonconfirmation through the System— ‘‘(I) the name of such individual; ‘‘(II) his or her social security number or alien file number; ‘‘(III) the name and contact information for his or her current employer; and ‘‘(IV) any other critical information that the Assistant Secretary determines to be ap-propriate. ‘‘(v) O
THER REFERRAL .—The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall refer to the Assistant Secretary for Im-migration and Customs Enforcement for ap-propriate action by the Assistant Secretary, or for referral by the Assistant Secretary to another law enforcement agency, as appro-priate— ‘‘(I) any case in which the Director believes that a social security number has been false-ly or fraudulently used; and ‘‘(II) any case in which a false or fraudu-lent document is used by an employee who has received a further action notice to re-solve such notice. ‘‘(E) O
BLIGATION TO RESPOND TO QUERIES  
AND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Employers shall comply with requests for information from the Sec-retary and the Special Counsel for Immigra-tion-Related Unfair Employment Practices of the Department of Justice, including que-ries concerning current and former employ-ees, within the time frame during which records are required to be maintained under this section regarding such former employ-ees, if such information relates to the func-tioning of the System, the accuracy of the responses provided by the System, or any suspected misuse, discrimination, fraud, or identity theft in the use of the System. Fail-ure to comply with a request under this clause constitutes a violation of subsection (a)(1)(B). ‘‘(ii) A
CTION BY INDIVIDUALS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Individuals being verified through the System may be required to take further action to address questions identified by the Secretary or the Commis-sioner regarding the documents relied upon for purposes of subsection (c). ‘‘(II) N
OTIFICATION .—Not later than 3 busi-ness days after the receipt of such questions regarding an individual, or during such other reasonable time as the Secretary may pre-scribe, the employer shall— ‘‘(aa) notify the individual of any such re-quirement for further actions; and ‘‘(bb) record the date and manner of such notification. ‘‘(III) A
CKNOWLEDGMENT .—The individual shall acknowledge the notification received from the employer under subclause (II) in writing, or in such other manner as the Sec-retary may prescribe. ‘‘(iii) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary, in con-sultation with the Commissioner and the At-torney General, is authorized to issue regula-tions implementing, clarifying, and supplementing the requirements under this subparagraph— ‘‘(aa) to facilitate the functioning, accu-racy, and fairness of the System; ‘‘(bb) to prevent misuse, discrimination, fraud, or identity theft in the use of the Sys-tem; and ‘‘(cc) to protect and maintain the confiden-tiality of information that could be used to locate or otherwise place at risk of harm vic-tims of domestic violence, dating violence, sexual assault, stalking, and human traf-ficking, and of the applicant or beneficiary of any petition described in section 384(a)(2) of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immi-grant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1367(a)(2)). ‘‘(II) NOTICE .—The regulations issued under subclause (I) shall be— ‘‘(aa) published in the Federal Register; and ‘‘(bb) provided directly to all employers registered in the System. ‘‘(F) D
ESIGNATED AGENTS .—The Secretary shall establish a process— ‘‘(i) for certifying, on an annual basis or at such times as the Secretary may prescribe, designated agents and other System service providers seeking access to the System to perform verification queries on behalf of em-ployers, based upon training, usage, privacy, and security standards prescribed by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) for ensuring that designated agents and other System service providers are sub-ject to monitoring to the same extent as di-rect access users; and ‘‘(iii) for establishing standards for certifi-cation of electronic I–9 programs. ‘‘(G) R
EQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE INFORMA -
TION.— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—No later than 3 months after the date of the enactment of the SE-CURE and SUCCEED Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Agriculture, the Commis-sioner, the Attorney General, the Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission, and the Administrator of the Small Business Admin-istration, shall commence a campaign to dis-seminate information respecting the proce-dures, rights, and remedies prescribed under this section. ‘‘(ii) C
AMPAIGN REQUIREMENTS .—The cam-paign authorized under clause (i)— ‘‘(I) shall be aimed at increasing the knowledge of employers, employees, and the general public concerning employer and em-ployee rights, responsibilities, and remedies under this section; and ‘‘(II) shall be coordinated with the public education campaign conducted by U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services. ‘‘(iii) A
SSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall assess the success of the campaign in achiev-ing the goals of the campaign. ‘‘(iv) A
UTHORITY TO CONTRACT .—In order to carry out and assess the campaign under this subparagraph, the Secretary may, to the ex-tent deemed appropriate and subject to the availability of appropriations, contract with public and private organizations for outreach and assessment activities under the cam-paign. ‘‘(v) F
UNDING .—From amounts in the Bor-der Security Enforcement Fund under sec-tion 1301 of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act, there shall be available in each of fiscal years 2019 through 2012 such sums as may be necessary to carry out this paragraph. ‘‘(H) A
UTHORITY TO MODIFY INFORMATION  
REQUIREMENTS .—Based on a regular review of the System and the document verification procedures to identify misuse or fraudulent use and to assess the security of the docu-ments and processes used to establish iden-tity or employment authorized status, the Secretary, in consultation with the Commis-sioner, after publication of notice in the Fed-eral Register and an opportunity for public comment, may modify, if the Secretary de-termines that the modification is necessary to ensure that the System accurately and re-liably determines the identity and employ-ment authorized status of employees and maintains existing protections against mis-use, discrimination, fraud, and identity theft— ‘‘(i) the information that shall be pre-sented to the employer by an individual; ‘‘(ii) the information that shall be provided to the System by the employer; and ‘‘(iii) the procedures that shall be followed by employers with respect to the process of verifying an individual through the System. ‘‘(I) SELF-VERIFICATION .—Subject to appro-priate safeguards to prevent misuse of the system, the Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner, shall establish a secure self-verification procedure to permit an indi-vidual who seeks to verify the individual’s own employment eligibility to contact the appropriate agency and, in a timely manner, correct or update the information contained in the System. ‘‘(5) P
ROTECTION FROM LIABILITY FOR AC -
TIONS TAKEN ON THE BASIS OF INFORMATION  
PROVIDED BY THE SYSTEM .—An employer shall not be liable to a job applicant, an employee, the Federal Government, or a State or local government, under Federal, State, or local criminal or civil law for any employment-re-lated action taken with respect to a job ap-plicant or employee in good faith reliance on information provided by the System. ‘‘(6) A
DMINISTRATIVE APPEAL .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An individual who is no-tified of a nonconfirmation may, not later than 10 business days after the date that such notice is received, file an administra-tive appeal of such nonconfirmation with the Commissioner if the notice is based on records maintained by the Commissioner, or in any other case, with the Secretary. An in-dividual who does not timely contest a fur-ther action notice timely received by that individual for which the individual acknowl-edged receipt may not be granted a review under this paragraph. ‘‘(B) A
DMINISTRATIVE STAY OF NONCON -
FIRMATION .—The nonconfirmation shall be automatically stayed upon the timely filing of an administrative appeal, unless the non-confirmation resulted after the individual acknowledged receipt of the further action notice but failed to contact the appropriate agency within the time provided. The stay shall remain in effect until the resolution of the appeal, unless the Secretary or the Com-missioner terminates the stay based on a de-termination that the administrative appeal is frivolous or filed for purposes of delay. ‘‘(C) R
EVIEW FOR ERROR .—The Secretary and the Commissioner shall develop proce-dures for resolving administrative appeals regarding nonconfirmations based upon the information that the individual has pro-vided, including any additional evidence or argument that was not previously consid-ered. Any such additional evidence or argu-ment shall be filed within 10 business days of the date the appeal was originally filed. Ap-peals shall be resolved within 20 business days after the individual has submitted all evidence and arguments the individual wish-es to submit, or has stated in writing that there is no additional evidence that the indi-vidual wishes to submit. The Secretary and the Commissioner may, on a case by case basis for good cause, extend the filing and submission period in order to ensure accu-rate resolution of an appeal before the Sec-retary or the Commissioner. ‘‘(D) P
REPONDERANCE OF EVIDENCE .—Ad- ministrative appeal under this paragraph shall be limited to whether a nonconfirma-tion notice is supported by a preponderance of the evidence. ‘‘(E) D
AMAGES , FEES, AND COSTS .—No money damages, fees, or costs may be award-ed in the administrative appeal process under this paragraph. ‘‘(7) R
EVIEW BY ADMINISTRATIVE LAW  
JUDGE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date an individual receives a final determination on an administrative appeal under paragraph (6), the individual may ob-tain review of such determination by filing a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00168 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1097 February 14, 2018 
complaint with a Department of Justice ad-ministrative law judge in accordance with this paragraph. ‘‘(B) S
TAY OF NONCONFIRMATION .—The non- confirmation related to such final deter-mination shall be automatically stayed upon the timely filing of a complaint under this paragraph, and the stay shall remain in ef-fect until the resolution of the complaint, unless the administrative law judge deter-mines that the action is frivolous or filed for purposes of delay. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—The respondent to com-plaint filed under this paragraph is either the Secretary or the Commissioner, but not both, depending upon who issued the admin-istrative order under paragraph (6). In addi-tion to serving the respondent, the plaintiff shall serve the Attorney General. ‘‘(D) A
UTHORITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE LAW  
JUDGE .— ‘‘(i) R
ULES OF PRACTICE .—The Secretary shall promulgate regulations regarding the rules of practice in appeals brought pursuant to this subsection. ‘‘(ii) A
UTHORITY OF ADMINISTRATIVE LAW  
JUDGE .—The administrative law judge shall have power to— ‘‘(I) terminate a stay of a nonconfirmation under subparagraph (B) if the administrative law judge determines that the action is friv-olous or filed for purposes of delay; ‘‘(II) adduce evidence at a hearing; ‘‘(III) compel by subpoena the attendance of witnesses and the production of evidence at any designated place or hearing; ‘‘(IV) resolve claims of identity theft; and ‘‘(V) enter, upon the pleadings and any evi-dence adduced at a hearing, a decision af-firming or reversing the result of the agency, with or without remanding the cause for a rehearing. ‘‘(iii) S
UBPOENA .—In case of contumacy or refusal to obey a subpoena lawfully issued under this section and upon application of the administrative law judge, an appropriate district court of the United States may issue an order requiring compliance with such sub-poena and any failure to obey such order may be punished by such court as a con-tempt of such court. ‘‘(iv) T
RAINING .—An administrative law judge hearing cases shall have special train-ing respecting employment authorized status verification. ‘‘(E) O
RDER BY ADMINISTRATIVE LAW  
JUDGE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The administrative law judge shall issue and cause to be served to the parties in the proceeding an order which may be appealed as provided in subparagraph (G). ‘‘(ii) C
ONTENTS OF ORDER .—Such an order shall uphold or reverse the final determina-tion on the request for reconsideration and order lost wages and other appropriate rem-edies as provided in subparagraph (F). ‘‘(F) C
OMPENSATION FOR ERROR .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—In cases in which the ad-ministrative law judge reverses the final de-termination of the Secretary or the Commis-sioner made under paragraph (6), and the ad-ministrative law judge finds that— ‘‘(I) the nonconfirmation was due to gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the employer, the administrative law judge may order the employer to pay the individual lost wages, and reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees incurred during administrative and judi-cial review; or ‘‘(II) such final determination was erro-neous by reason of the negligence of the Sec-retary or the Commissioner, the administra-tive law judge may order the Secretary or the Commissioner to pay the individual lost wages, and reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees incurred during the administrative ap-peal and the administrative law judge re-view. ‘‘(ii) CALCULATION OF LOST WAGES .—Lost wages shall be calculated based on the wage rate and work schedule that prevailed prior to termination. The individual shall be com-pensated for wages lost beginning on the first scheduled work day after employment was terminated and ending 120 days after completion of the administrative law judge’s review described in this paragraph or the day after the individual is reinstated or obtains employment elsewhere, whichever occurs first. If the individual obtains employment elsewhere at a lower wage rate, the indi-vidual shall be compensated for the dif-ference in wages for the period ending 120 days after completion of the administrative law judge review process. No lost wages shall be awarded for any period of time during which the individual was not in employment authorized status. ‘‘(iii) P
AYMENT OF COMPENSATION .—Not- withstanding any other law, payment of compensation for lost wages, costs, and at-torneys’ fees under this paragraph, or com-promise settlements of the same, shall be made as provided by section 1304 of title 31, United States Code. Appropriations made available to the Secretary or the Commis-sioner, accounts provided for under section 286, and funds from the Federal Old-Age and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund or the Fed-eral Disability Insurance Trust Fund shall not be available to pay such compensation. ‘‘(G) A
PPEAL .—No later than 45 days after the entry of such final order, any person ad-versely affected by such final order may seek review of such order in the United States Court of Appeals for the circuit in which the violation is alleged to have occurred or in which the employer resides or transacts business. ‘‘(8) M
ANAGEMENT OF THE SYSTEM .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary is author-ized to establish, manage, and modify the System, which shall— ‘‘(i) respond to inquiries made by partici-pating employers at any time through the internet, or such other means as the Sec-retary may designate, concerning an individ-ual’s identity and whether the individual is in employment authorized status; ‘‘(ii) maintain records of the inquiries that were made, of confirmations provided (or not provided), and of the codes provided to em-ployers as evidence of their compliance with their obligations under the System; and ‘‘(iii) provide information to, and require action by, employers and individuals using the System. ‘‘(B) D
ESIGN AND OPERATION OF SYSTEM .— The System shall be designed and operated— ‘‘(i) to maximize its reliability and ease of use by employers consistent with protecting the privacy and security of the underlying information, and ensuring full notice of such use to employees; ‘‘(ii) to maximize its ease of use by em-ployees, including direct notification of its use, of results, and ability to challenge re-sults; ‘‘(iii) to respond accurately to all inquiries made by employers on whether individuals are authorized to be employed and to reg-ister any times when the system is unable to receive inquiries; ‘‘(iv) to maintain appropriate administra-tive, technical, and physical safeguards to prevent unauthorized disclosure of personal information, misuse by employers and em-ployees, and discrimination; ‘‘(v) to require regularly scheduled re-fresher training of all users of the System to ensure compliance with all procedures; ‘‘(vi) to allow for auditing of the use of the System to detect misuse, discrimination, fraud, and identity theft, to protect privacy and assess System accuracy, and to preserve the integrity and security of the information in all of the System, including— ‘‘(I) to develop and use tools and processes to detect or prevent fraud and identity theft, such as multiple uses of the same identifying information or documents to fraudulently gain employment; ‘‘(II) to develop and use tools and processes to detect and prevent misuse of the system by employers and employees; ‘‘(III) to develop tools and processes to de-tect anomalies in the use of the system that may indicate potential fraud or misuse of the system; and ‘‘(IV) to audit documents and information submitted by employees to employers, in-cluding authority to conduct interviews with employers and employees, and obtain infor-mation concerning employment from the employer; ‘‘(vii) to confirm identity and employment authorization through verification and com-parison of records as determined necessary by the Secretary; ‘‘(viii) to confirm electronically the issuance of the employment authorization or identity document and— ‘‘(I) if such photograph is available, to dis-play the digital photograph that the issuer placed on the document so that the employer can compare the photograph displayed to the photograph on the document presented by the employee; or ‘‘(II) if a photograph is not available from the issuer, to confirm the authenticity of the document using such additional security measures set forth in subsection (c)(1)(F)(iv); ‘‘(ix) to employ specific and effective addi-tional security measures set forth in sub-section (c)(1)(F)(iv) to adequately verify the identity of an individual that are designed and operated— ‘‘(I) to use state-of-the-art technology to determine to a high degree of accuracy whether an individual presenting biographic information is the individual with that true identity; ‘‘(II) to retain under the control of the Sec-retary the use of all determinations commu-nicated by the System, regardless of the en-tity operating the system pursuant to a con-tract or other agreement with a nongovern-mental entity or entities to the extent help-ful in acquiring the best technology to im-plement the additional security measures; ‘‘(III) to be integrated with the System so that employment authorizations will be de-termined for all individuals identified as pre-senting their true identities through the databases maintained by the Commissioner of Social Security and the Secretary; ‘‘(IV) to use tools and processes to detect and prevent further action notices and final nonconfirmations that are not correlated to fraud or identity theft; ‘‘(V) to make risk-based assessments re-garding the reliability of a claim of identity made by an individual presenting biographic information and to tailor the identity deter-mination in accordance with those assess-ments; ‘‘(VI) to permit queries to be presented to individuals subject to identity verification at the time their identities are being verified in a manner that permits rapid communica-tion through the internet, mobile phone, and landline telephone connections to facilitate identity proofing; ‘‘(VII) to generate queries that conform to the context of the identity verification proc-ess and the circumstances of the individual whose identity is being verified; ‘‘(VIII) to use publicly available databases and databases under the jurisdiction of the Commissioner of Social Security, the Sec-retary, and the Secretary of State to formu-late queries to be presented to individuals 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00169 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1098 February 14, 2018 
whose identities are being verified, as appro-priate; ‘‘(IX) to not retain data collected by the System within any database separate from the database in which the operating system is located and to limit access to the existing databases to a reference process that shields the operator of the System from acquiring possession of the data beyond the formula-tion of queries and verification of responses; ‘‘(X) to not permit individuals or entities using the System to access any data related to the individuals whose identities are being verified beyond confirmations, further ac-tion notices, and final nonconfirmations of identity; ‘‘(XI) to include, if feasible, a capability for permitting document or other inputs that can be offered to individuals and enti-ties using the System and that may be used at the option of employees to facilitate iden-tity verification, but would not be required of either employers or employees; and ‘‘(XII) to the greatest extent possible, in accordance with the time frames specified in this section; and ‘‘(x) to provide appropriate notification di-rectly to employers registered with the Sys-tem of all changes made by the Secretary or the Commissioner related to allowed and prohibited documents, and use of the Sys-tem. ‘‘(C) S
AFEGUARDS TO THE SYSTEM .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP .—The Sec- retary, in consultation with the Commis-sioner and other appropriate Federal and State agencies, shall develop policies and procedures to ensure protection of the pri-vacy and security of personally identifiable information and identifiers contained in the records accessed or maintained by the Sys-tem. The Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner and other appropriate Federal and State agencies, shall develop and deploy appropriate privacy and security training for the Federal and State employees accessing the records under the System. ‘‘(ii) P
RIVACY AUDITS .—The Secretary, act-ing through the Chief Privacy Officer of the Department, shall conduct regular privacy audits of the policies and procedures estab-lished under clause (i) and the compliance of the Department with the limitations set forth in subsection (c)(1)(F)(iii)(IV), includ-ing any collection, use, dissemination, and maintenance of personally identifiable infor-mation and any associated information tech-nology systems, as well as scope of requests for this information. The Chief Privacy Offi-cer shall review the results of the audits and recommend to the Secretary any changes necessary to improve the privacy protections of the program. ‘‘(iii) A
CCURACY AUDITS .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than November 30 of each year, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security shall sub-mit a report to the Secretary, with a copy to the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives, that sets forth the error rate of the System for the previous fiscal year and the assessments re-quired to be submitted by the Secretary under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of para-graph (10). The report shall describe in detail the methodology employed for purposes of the report, and shall make recommendations for how error rates may be reduced. ‘‘(II) E
RROR RATE DEFINED .—In this clause, the term ‘error rate’ means the percentage determined by dividing— ‘‘(aa) the number of employment author-ized individuals who received further action notices, contested such notices, and were subsequently found to be employment au-thorized; by ‘‘(bb) the number of System inquiries sub-mitted for employment authorized individ-uals. ‘‘(III) ERROR RATE DETERMINATION .—The audits required under this clause shall— ‘‘(aa) determine the error rate for identity determinations pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(F) for individuals presenting their true identities in the same manner and applying the same standard as for employment au-thorization; and ‘‘(bb) include recommendations, as pro-vided in subclause (I), but no reduction in fines pursuant to subclause (IV) ‘‘(IV) R
EDUCTION OF PENALTIES FOR RECORD -
KEEPING OR VERIFICATION PRACTICES FOL -
LOWING PERSISTENT SYSTEM INACCURACIES .— Notwithstanding subsection (e)(4)(C)(i), in any calendar year following a report by the Inspector General under subclause (I) that the System had an error rate higher than 0.3 percent for the previous fiscal year, the civil penalty assessable by the Secretary or an ad-ministrative law judge under that subsection for each first-time violation by an employer who has not previously been penalized under this section may not exceed $1,000. ‘‘(iv) R
ECORDS SECURITY PROGRAM .—Any person, including a private third party ven-dor, who retains document verification or System data pursuant to this section shall implement an effective records security pro-gram that— ‘‘(I) ensures that only authorized personnel have access to document verification or Sys-tem data; and ‘‘(II) ensures that whenever such data is created, completed, updated, modified, al-tered, or corrected in electronic format, a se-cure record is created that establishes the date of access, the identity of the individual who accessed the electronic record, and the particular action taken. ‘‘(v) R
ECORDS SECURITY PROGRAM .—In addi- tion to the security measures described in clause (iv), a private third party vendor who retains document verification or System data pursuant to this section shall imple-ment an effective records security program that— ‘‘(I) provides for backup and recovery of any records maintained in electronic format to protect against information loss, such as power interruptions; and ‘‘(II) ensures that employees are trained to minimize the risk of unauthorized or acci-dental alteration or erasure of such data in electronic format. ‘‘(vi) A
UTHORIZED PERSONNEL DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘authorized per-sonnel’ means anyone registered as a System user, or anyone with partial or full responsi-bility for completion of employment author-ization verification or retention of data in connection with employment authorization verification on behalf of an employer. ‘‘(D) A
VAILABLE FACILITIES AND ALTER -
NATIVE ACCOMMODATIONS .—The Secretary shall make appropriate arrangements and develop standards to allow employers or em-ployees, including remote hires, who are oth-erwise unable to access the System to use electronic and telephonic formats (including video conferencing, scanning technology, and other available technologies), Federal Government facilities, public facilities, or other available locations in order to use the System. ‘‘(E) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—As part of the System, the Secretary shall maintain a reliable, se-cure method, which, operating through the System and within the time periods speci-fied, compares the name, alien identification or authorization number, or other informa-tion as determined relevant by the Sec-retary, provided in an inquiry against such information maintained or accessed by the Secretary in order to confirm (or not con-firm) the validity of the information pro-vided, the correspondence of the name and number, whether the alien has employment authorized status (or, to the extent that the Secretary determines to be feasible and ap-propriate, whether the records available to the Secretary verify the identity or status of a national of the United States), and such other information as the Secretary may pre-scribe. ‘‘(ii) PHOTOGRAPH DISPLAY .—As part of the System, the Secretary shall establish a reli-able, secure method, which, operating through the System, displays the digital photograph described in subparagraph (B)(viii)(I). ‘‘(iii) T
IMING OF NOTICES .—The Secretary shall have authority to prescribe when a con-firmation, nonconfirmation, or further ac-tion notice shall be issued. ‘‘(iv) U
SE OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall perform regular audits under the Sys-tem, as described in subparagraph (B)(vi) and shall use the information obtained from such audits, as well as any information obtained from the Commissioner pursuant to part E of title XI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.), for the purposes of this section and to administer and enforce the immigra-tion laws. ‘‘(v) I
DENTITY FRAUD PROTECTION .—To pre- vent identity fraud, not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the SE-CURE and SUCCEED Act, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) in consultation with the Commis-sioner, establish a program to provide a reli-able, secure method for an individual to tem-porarily suspend or limit the use of the indi-vidual’s social security account number or other identifying information for verification by the System; and ‘‘(II) for each individual being verified through the System— ‘‘(aa) notify the individual that the indi-vidual has the option to limit the use of the individual’s social security account number or other identifying information for verification by the System; and ‘‘(bb) provide instructions to the individ-uals for exercising the option referred to in item (aa). ‘‘(vi) A
LLOWING PARENTS TO PREVENT THEFT  
OF THEIR CHILD ’S IDENTITY .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Commissioner, shall establish a program that provides a reliable, secure method by which parents or legal guardians may suspend or limit the use of the social security account number or other identifying information of a minor under their care for the purposes of the System. The Secretary may implement the program on a limited pilot program basis before mak-ing it fully available to all individuals. ‘‘(vii) P
ROTECTION FROM MULTIPLE USE .— The Secretary and the Commissioner shall establish a procedure for identifying and handling a situation in which a social secu-rity account number has been identified to be subject to unusual multiple use in the System or is otherwise suspected or deter-mined to have been compromised by identity fraud. Such procedure shall include notifying the legitimate holder of the social security number at the appropriate time. ‘‘(viii) M
ONITORING AND COMPLIANCE UNIT .— The Secretary shall establish or designate a monitoring and compliance unit to detect and reduce identity fraud and other misuse of the System. ‘‘(ix) C
IVIL RIGHTS AND CIVIL LIBERTIES AS -
SESSMENTS .— ‘‘(I) R
EQUIREMENT TO CONDUCT .—The Sec- retary shall conduct regular civil rights and civil liberties assessments of the System, in-cluding participation by employers, other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00170 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1099 February 14, 2018 
private entities, and Federal, State, and local government entities. ‘‘(II) R
EQUIREMENT TO RESPOND .—Employ- ers, other private entities, and Federal, State, and local entities shall timely respond to any request in connection with such an assessment. ‘‘(III) A
SSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDA -
TIONS .—The Officer for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Department shall review the results of each such assessment and rec-ommend to the Secretary any changes nec-essary to improve the civil rights and civil liberties protections of the System. ‘‘(F) G
RANTS TO STATES .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall cre-ate and administer a grant program to help provide funding for States that grant— ‘‘(I) the Secretary access to driver’s license information as needed to confirm that a driver’s license presented under subsection (c)(1)(D)(i) confirms the identity of the sub-ject of the System check, and that a driver’s license matches the State’s records; and ‘‘(II) such assistance as the Secretary may request in order to resolve further action no-tices or nonconfirmations relating to such information. ‘‘(ii) C
ONSTRUCTION WITH THE DRIVER ’S PRI -
VACY PROTECTION ACT OF 1994 .—The provision of a photograph to the Secretary as de-scribed in clause (i) may not be construed as a violation of section 2721 of title 18, United States Code, and is a permissible use under subsection (b)(1) of that section. ‘‘(iii) F
UNDING .—Of amounts in the Border Security Enforcement Fund in section 1301 of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act, $500,000,000 shall be available to carry out this subpara-graph. ‘‘(G) R
ESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SECRETARY  
OF STATE .—As part of the System, the Sec-retary of State shall provide to the Sec-retary access to passport and visa informa-tion as needed to confirm that a passport, passport card, or visa presented under sub-section (c)(1)(C) confirms the identity of the subject of the System check, and that a pass-port, passport card, or visa photograph matches the Secretary of State’s records, and shall provide such assistance as the Sec-retary may request in order to resolve fur-ther action notices or nonconfirmations re-lating to such information. ‘‘(H) U
PDATING INFORMATION .—The Com-missioner, the Secretary, and the Secretary of State shall update their information in a manner that promotes maximum accuracy and shall provide a process for the prompt correction of erroneous information. ‘‘(9) L
IMITATION ON USE OF THE SYSTEM .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no department, bureau, or other agency of the United States Government or any other entity may use, share, or transmit any infor-mation, database, or other records assembled under this subsection for any purpose other than for employment verification or to en-sure secure, appropriate, and nondiscrim-inatory use of the System. ‘‘(10) A
NNUAL REPORT AND CERTIFICATION .— Not later than 18 months after the promulga-tion of regulations to implement this sub-section, and annually thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that includes the following: ‘‘(A) An assessment, as submitted to the Secretary by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to paragraph (8)(C)(iii)(I), of the accuracy rates of further action notices and other Sys-tem notices provided by employers to indi-viduals who are authorized to be employed in the United States. ‘‘(B) An assessment, as submitted to the Secretary by the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security pursuant to paragraph (8)(C)(iii)(I), of the accuracy rates of further action notices and other Sys-tem notices provided directly (by the Sys-tem) in a timely fashion to individuals who are not authorized to be employed in the United States. ‘‘(C) An assessment of any challenges faced by small employers in using the System. ‘‘(D) An assessment of the rate of employer noncompliance (in addition to failure to pro-vide required notices in a timely fashion) in each of the following categories: ‘‘(i) Taking adverse action based on a fur-ther action notice. ‘‘(ii) Use of the System for nonemployees or other individuals before they are offered employment. ‘‘(iii) Use of the System to reverify em-ployment authorized status of current em-ployees except if authorized to do so. ‘‘(iv) Use of the System selectively, except in cases in which such use is authorized. ‘‘(v) Use of the System to deny employ-ment or post-employment benefits or other-wise interfere with labor rights. ‘‘(vi) Requiring employees or applicants to use any self-verification feature or to pro-vide self-verification results. ‘‘(vii) Discouraging individuals who receive a further action notice from challenging the further action notice or appealing a deter-mination made by the System. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the rate of employee noncompliance in each of the following cat-egories: ‘‘(i) Obtaining employment when unau-thorized with an employer complying with the System in good faith. ‘‘(ii) Failure to provide required documents in a timely manner. ‘‘(iii) Attempting to use fraudulent docu-ments or documents not related to the indi-vidual. ‘‘(iv) Misuse of the administrative appeal and judicial review process. ‘‘(F) An assessment of the amount of time taken for— ‘‘(i) the System to provide the confirma-tion or further action notice; ‘‘(ii) individuals to contest further action notices; ‘‘(iii) the System to provide a confirmation or nonconfirmation of a contested further action notice; ‘‘(iv) individuals to file an administrative appeal of a nonconfirmation; and ‘‘(v) resolving administrative appeals re-garding nonconfirmations. ‘‘(11) ANNUAL GAO STUDY AND REPORT .— ‘‘(A) R
EQUIREMENT .—The Comptroller Gen-eral shall, for each year, undertake a study to evaluate the accuracy, efficiency, integ-rity, and impact of the System. ‘‘(B) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the promulgation of regulations to im-plement this subsection, and yearly there-after, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the findings of the study carried out under this para-graph. Each such report shall include, at a minimum, the following: ‘‘(i) An assessment of System performance with respect to the rate at which individuals who are eligible for employment in the United States are correctly approved within the required periods, including a separate as-sessment of such rate for naturalized United States citizens, nationals of the United States, and aliens. ‘‘(ii) An assessment of the privacy and con-fidentiality of the System and of the overall security of the System with respect to cybertheft and theft or misuse of private data. ‘‘(iii) An assessment of whether the Sys-tem is being implemented in a manner that is not discriminatory or used for retaliation against employees. ‘‘(iv) An assessment of the most common causes for the erroneous issuance of noncon-firmations by the System and recommenda-tions to correct such causes. ‘‘(v) The recommendations of the Comp-troller General regarding System improve-ments. ‘‘(vi) An assessment of the frequency and magnitude of changes made to the System and the impact on the ability for employers to comply in good faith. ‘‘(vii) An assessment of the direct and indi-rect costs incurred by employers in com-plying with the System, including costs as-sociated with retaining potential employees through the administrative appeals process and receiving a nonconfirmation. ‘‘(viii) An assessment of any backlogs or delays in the System providing the con-firmation or further action notice and im-pacts to hiring by employers. ‘‘(ix) An assessment of the effect of the identity authentication mechanism and any other security measures set forth in sub-section (c)(1)(F)(iv) to verify identity incor-porated into the System or otherwise used by employers on employees. ‘‘(12) OUTREACH AND PARTNERSHIP .— ‘‘(A) O
UTREACH .—The Secretary may con-duct outreach and establish programs to as-sist employers in verifying employment au-thorization and preventing identity fraud. ‘‘(B) P
ARTNERSHIP INITIATIVE .—The Sec-retary may establish partnership initiatives between the Federal Government and private sector employers to foster cooperative rela-tionships and to strengthen overall hiring practices. ‘‘(e) C
OMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(1) C
OMPLAINTS AND INVESTIGATIONS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures— ‘‘(A) for individuals and entities to file complaints respecting potential violations of subsections (a) or (f)(1); ‘‘(B) for the investigation of those com-plaints which the Secretary deems appro-priate to investigate; and ‘‘(C) for providing notification to the Spe-cial Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employment Practices of the Department of Justice of potential violations of section 274B. ‘‘(2) A
UTHORITY IN INVESTIGATIONS .—In con- ducting investigations and proceedings under this subsection— ‘‘(A) immigration officers shall have rea-sonable access to examine evidence of the employer being investigated; ‘‘(B) immigration officers designated by the Secretary, and administrative law judges and other persons authorized to conduct pro-ceedings under this section, may compel by subpoena the attendance of relevant wit-nesses and the production of relevant evi-dence at any designated place in an inves-tigation or case under this subsection. In case of refusal to fully comply with a sub-poena lawfully issued under this paragraph, the Secretary may request that the Attorney General apply in an appropriate district court of the United States for an order re-quiring compliance with the subpoena, and any failure to obey such order may be pun-ished by the court as contempt. Failure to cooperate with the subpoena shall be subject to further penalties, including further fines and the voiding of any mitigation of pen-alties or termination of proceedings under paragraph (4)(E); and ‘‘(C) the Secretary, in cooperation with the Commissioner and Attorney General, and in consultation with other relevant agencies, shall establish a Joint Employment Fraud Task Force consisting of, at a minimum— ‘‘(i) the System’s compliance personnel; ‘‘(ii) immigration law enforcement officers; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00171 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1100 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(iii) personnel of the Office of Special Counsel for Immigration-Related Unfair Em-ployment Practices of the Department of Justice; ‘‘(iv) personnel of the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties of the Depart-ment; and ‘‘(v) personnel of Office of Inspector Gen-eral of the Social Security Administration. ‘‘(3) C
OMPLIANCE PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(A) P
RE-PENALTY NOTICE .—If the Sec-retary has reasonable cause to believe that there has been a civil violation of this sec-tion in the previous 3 years, the Secretary shall issue to the employer concerned a writ-ten notice of the Department’s intention to issue a claim for a monetary or other pen-alty. Such pre-penalty notice shall— ‘‘(i) describe the violation; ‘‘(ii) specify the laws and regulations alleg-edly violated; ‘‘(iii) disclose the material facts which es-tablish the alleged violation; ‘‘(iv) describe the penalty sought to be im-posed; and ‘‘(v) inform such employer that such em-ployer shall have a reasonable opportunity to make representations as to why a mone-tary or other penalty should not be imposed. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYER ’S RESPONSE .—Whenever any employer receives written pre-penalty notice of a fine or other penalty in accordance with subparagraph (A), the employer may, within 60 days from receipt of such notice, file with the Secretary its written response to the no-tice. The response may include any relevant evidence or proffer of evidence that the em-ployer wishes to present with respect to whether the employer violated this section and whether, if so, the penalty should be mitigated, and shall be filed and considered in accordance with procedures to be estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) R
IGHT TO A HEARING .—Before issuance of an order imposing a penalty on any em-ployer, person, or entity, the employer, per-son, or entity shall be entitled to a hearing before an administrative law judge, if re-quested within 60 days of the notice of pen-alty. The hearing shall be held at the nearest location practicable to the place where the employer, person, or entity resides or of the place where the alleged violation occurred. ‘‘(D) I
SSUANCE OF ORDERS .—If no hearing is so requested, the Secretary’s imposition of the order shall constitute a final and unappealable order. If a hearing is requested and the administrative law judge deter-mines, upon clear and convincing evidence received, that there was a violation, the ad-ministrative law judge shall issue the final determination with a written penalty claim. The penalty claim shall specify all charges in the information provided under clauses (i) through (iii) of subparagraph (A) and any mitigation of the penalty that the adminis-trative law judge deems appropriate under paragraph (4)(E). ‘‘(4) C
IVIL PENALTIES .— ‘‘(A) H
IRING OR CONTINUING TO EMPLOY UN -
AUTHORIZED ALIENS .—Any employer that vio-lates any provision of subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2) shall— ‘‘(i) pay a civil penalty of not less than $3,500 and not more than $7,500 for each un-authorized alien with respect to which each violation of either subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2) occurred; ‘‘(ii) if the employer has previously been fined as a result of a previous enforcement action or previous violation under this para-graph, pay a civil penalty of not less than $5,000 and not more than $15,000 for each un-authorized alien with respect to which a vio-lation of either subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2) occurred; and ‘‘(iii) if the employer has previously been fined more than once under this paragraph, pay a civil penalty of not less than $10,000 and not more than $25,000 for each unauthor-ized alien with respect to which a violation of either subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2) oc-curred. ‘‘(B) ENHANCED PENALTIES .—After the Sec-retary certifies to Congress that the System has been established, implemented, and made mandatory for use by all employers in the United States, the Secretary may estab-lish an enhanced civil penalty for an em-ployer who— ‘‘(i) fails to query the System to verify the identify and work authorized status of an in-dividual; and ‘‘(ii) violates a Federal, State, or local law related to— ‘‘(I) the payment of wages; ‘‘(II) hours worked by employees; or ‘‘(III) workplace health and safety. ‘‘(C) R
ECORDKEEPING OR VERIFICATION PRAC -
TICES .—Any employer that violates or fails to comply with any requirement under sub-section (a)(1)(B), other than a minor or inad-vertent failure, as determined by the Sec-retary, shall pay a civil penalty of— ‘‘(i) not less than $500 and not more than $2,000 for each violation; ‘‘(ii) if an employer has previously been fined under this paragraph, not less than $1,000 and not more than $4,000 for each vio-lation; and ‘‘(iii) if an employer has previously been fined more than once under this paragraph, not less than $2,000 and not more than $8,000 for each violation. ‘‘(D) O
THER PENALTIES .—The Secretary may impose additional penalties for viola-tions, including cease and desist orders, spe-cially designed compliance plans to prevent further violations, suspended fines to take effect in the event of a further violation, and in appropriate cases, the remedy provided by subsection (f)(2). ‘‘(E) M
ITIGATION .—The Secretary or, if an employer requests a hearing, the administra-tive law judge, is authorized, upon such terms and conditions as the Secretary or ad-ministrative law judge deems reasonable and just and in accordance with such procedures as the Secretary may establish or any proce-dures established governing the administra-tive law judge’s assessment of penalties, to reduce or mitigate penalties imposed upon employers, based upon factors including, the employer’s hiring volume, compliance his-tory, good-faith implementation of a compli-ance program, the size and level of sophis-tication of the employer, and voluntary dis-closure of violations of this subsection to the Secretary. The Secretary or administrative law judge shall not mitigate a penalty below the minimum penalty provided by this sec-tion, except that the Secretary may, in the case of an employer subject to penalty for recordkeeping or verification violations only who has not previously been penalized under this section, in the Secretary’s or adminis-trative law judge’s discretion, mitigate the penalty below the statutory minimum or remit it entirely. In any case where a civil money penalty has been imposed on an em-ployer under section 274B for an action or omission that is also a violation of this sec-tion, the Secretary or administrative law judge shall mitigate any civil money penalty under this section by the amount of the pen-alty imposed under section 274B. ‘‘(F) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The civil money penalty amounts and the enhanced penalties provided by subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of this paragraph and by subsection (f)(2) shall apply to violations of this section com-mitted on or after the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of the SE-CURE and SUCCEED Act. For violations committed prior to such date of enactment, the civil money penalty amounts provided by regulations implementing this section as in effect the minute before such date of enact-ment with respect to knowing hiring or con-tinuing employment, verification, or indem-nity bond violations, as appropriate, shall apply. ‘‘(5) ORDER OF INTERNAL REVIEW AND CER -
TIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE .— ‘‘(A) E
MPLOYER COMPLIANCE .—If the Sec-retary has reasonable cause to believe that an employer has failed to comply with this section, the Secretary is authorized, at any time, to require that the employer certify that it is in compliance with this section, or has instituted a program to come into com-pliance. ‘‘(B) E
MPLOYER CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), not later than 60 days after receiving a notice from the Secretary requiring a certification under subparagraph (A), an official with responsibility for, and authority to bind the company on, all hiring and immigration compliance notices shall certify under penalty of perjury that the em-ployer is in conformance with the require-ments of paragraphs (1) through (4) of sub-section (c), pertaining to document verification requirements, and with sub-section (d), pertaining to the System (once the System is implemented with respect to that employer according to the requirements under subsection (d)(2)), and with any addi-tional requirements that the Secretary may promulgate by regulation pursuant to sub-section (c) or (d) or that the employer has in-stituted a program to come into compliance with these requirements. ‘‘(ii) A
PPLICATION .—Clause (i) shall not apply until the date that the Secretary cer-tifies to Congress that the System has been established, implemented, and made manda-tory for use by all employers in the United States. ‘‘(C) E
XTENSION OF DEADLINE .—At the re-quest of the employer, the Secretary may ex-tend the 60-day deadline for good cause. ‘‘(D) S
TANDARDS OR METHODS .—The Sec- retary is authorized to publish in the Federal Register standards or methods for such cer-tification, require specific recordkeeping practices with respect to such certifications, and audit the records thereof at any time. This authority shall not be construed to di-minish or qualify any other penalty provided by this section. ‘‘(6) R
EQUIREMENTS FOR REVIEW OF A FINAL  
DETERMINATION .—With respect to judicial re-view of a final determination or penalty order issued under paragraph (3)(D), the fol-lowing requirements apply: ‘‘(A) D
EADLINE .—The petition for review must be filed no later than 30 days after the date of the final determination or penalty order issued under paragraph (3)(D). ‘‘(B) V
ENUE AND FORMS .—The petition for review shall be filed with the court of ap-peals for the judicial circuit where the em-ployer’s principal place of business was lo-cated when the final determination or pen-alty order was made. The record and briefs do not have to be printed. The court shall re-view the proceeding on a typewritten or elec-tronically filed record and briefs. ‘‘(C) S
ERVICE .—The respondent is the Sec-retary. In addition to serving the respond-ent, the petitioner shall serve the Attorney General. ‘‘(D) P
ETITIONER ’S BRIEF .—The petitioner shall serve and file a brief in connection with a petition for judicial review not later than 40 days after the date on which the adminis-trative record is available, and may serve and file a reply brief not later than 14 days after service of the brief of the respondent, and the court may not extend these dead-lines, except for good cause shown. If a peti-tioner fails to file a brief within the time 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00172 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1101 February 14, 2018 
provided in this paragraph, the court shall dismiss the appeal unless a manifest injus-tice would result. ‘‘(E) S
COPE AND STANDARD FOR REVIEW .— The court of appeals shall conduct a de novo review of the administrative record on which the final determination was based and any additional evidence that the Court finds was previously unavailable at the time of the ad-ministrative hearing. ‘‘(F) E
XHAUSTION OF ADMINISTRATIVE REM -
EDIES .—A court may review a final deter-mination under paragraph (3)(C) only if— ‘‘(i) the petitioner has exhausted all ad-ministrative remedies available to the peti-tioner as of right, including any administra-tive remedies established by regulation; and ‘‘(ii) another court has not decided the va-lidity of the order, unless the reviewing court finds that the petition presents grounds that could not have been presented in the prior judicial proceeding or that the remedy provided by the prior proceeding was inadequate or ineffective to test the validity of the order. ‘‘(G) E
NFORCEMENT OF ORDERS .—If the final determination issued against the employer under this subsection is not subjected to re-view as provided in this paragraph, the At-torney General, upon request by the Sec-retary, may bring a civil action to enforce compliance with the final determination in any appropriate district court of the United States. The court, on a proper showing, shall issue a temporary restraining order or a pre-liminary or permanent injunction requiring that the employer comply with the final de-termination issued against that employer under this subsection. In any such civil ac-tion, the validity and appropriateness of the final determination shall not be subject to review. ‘‘(7) C
REATION OF LIEN .—If any employer liable for a fee or penalty under this section neglects or refuses to pay such liability after demand and fails to file a petition for review (if applicable) as provided in paragraph (6), the amount of the fee or penalty shall be a lien in favor of the United States on all prop-erty and rights to property, whether real or personal, belonging to such employer. If a petition for review is filed as provided in paragraph (6), the lien shall arise upon the entry of a final judgment by the court. The lien continues for 20 years or until the liabil-ity is satisfied, remitted, set aside, or termi-nated. ‘‘(8) F
ILING NOTICE OF LIEN .— ‘‘(A) P
LACE FOR FILING .—The notice of a lien referred to in paragraph (7) shall be filed as described in 1 of the following: ‘‘(i) U
NDER STATE LAWS .— ‘‘(I) R
EAL PROPERTY .—In the case of real property, in 1 office within the State (or the county, or other governmental subdivision), as designated by the laws of such State, in which the property subject to the lien is sit-uated. ‘‘(II) P
ERSONAL PROPERTY .—In the case of personal property, whether tangible or in-tangible, in 1 office within the State (or the county, or other governmental subdivision), as designated by the laws of such State, in which the property subject to the lien is sit-uated, except that State law merely con-forming to or reenacting Federal law estab-lishing a national filing system does not con-stitute a second office for filing as des-ignated by the laws of such State. ‘‘(ii) W
ITH CLERK OF DISTRICT COURT .—In the office of the clerk of the United States district court for the judicial district in which the property subject to the lien is sit-uated, whenever the State has not by law designated 1 office which meets the require-ments of clause (i). ‘‘(iii) W
ITH RECORDER OF DEEDS OF THE DIS -
TRICT OF COLUMBIA .—In the office of the Re-corder of Deeds of the District of Columbia, if the property subject to the lien is situated in the District of Columbia. ‘‘(B) SITUS OF PROPERTY SUBJECT TO LIEN .— For purposes of subparagraph (A), property shall be deemed to be situated as follows: ‘‘(i) R
EAL PROPERTY .—In the case of real property, at its physical location. ‘‘(ii) P
ERSONAL PROPERTY .—In the case of personal property, whether tangible or in-tangible, at the residence of the taxpayer at the time the notice of lien is filed. ‘‘(C) D
ETERMINATION OF RESIDENCE .—For purposes of subparagraph (B)(ii), the resi-dence of a corporation or partnership shall be deemed to be the place at which the prin-cipal executive office of the business is lo-cated, and the residence of a taxpayer whose residence is outside the United States shall be deemed to be in the District of Columbia. ‘‘(D) E
FFECT OF FILING NOTICE OF LIEN .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—Upon filing of a notice of lien in the manner described in this para-graph, the lien shall be valid against any purchaser, holder of a security interest, me-chanic’s lien, or judgment lien creditor, ex-cept with respect to properties or trans-actions specified in subsection (b), (c), or (d) of section 6323 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for which a notice of tax lien properly filed on the same date would not be valid. ‘‘(ii) N
OTICE OF LIEN .—The notice of lien shall be considered a notice of lien for taxes payable to the United States for the purpose of any State or local law providing for the filing of a notice of a tax lien. A notice of lien that is registered, recorded, docketed, or indexed in accordance with the rules and re-quirements relating to judgments of the courts of the State where the notice of lien is registered, recorded, docketed, or indexed shall be considered for all purposes as the fil-ing prescribed by this section. ‘‘(iii) O
THER PROVISIONS .—The provisions of section 3201(e) of title 28, United States Code, shall apply to liens filed as prescribed by this paragraph. ‘‘(E) E
NFORCEMENT OF A LIEN .—A lien ob-tained through this paragraph shall be con-sidered a debt as defined by section 3002 of title 28, United States Code and enforceable pursuant to chapter 176 of such title. ‘‘(9) A
TTORNEY GENERAL ADJUDICATION .— The Attorney General shall have jurisdiction to adjudicate administrative proceedings under this subsection. Such proceedings shall be conducted in accordance with re-quirements of section 554 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(f) C
RIMINAL AND CIVILPENALTIES AND IN-
JUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITION OF INDEMNITY BONDS .—It is unlawful for an employer, in the hiring of any individual, to require the individual to post a bond or security, to pay or agree to pay an amount, or otherwise to provide a fi-nancial guarantee or indemnity, against any potential liability arising under this section relating to such hiring of the individual. ‘‘(2) C
IVIL PENALTY .—Any employer who is determined, after notice and opportunity for mitigation of the monetary penalty under subsection (e), to have violated paragraph (1) shall be subject to a civil penalty of $10,000 for each violation and to an administrative order requiring the return of any amounts received in violation of such paragraph to the employee or, if the employee cannot be located, to the general fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(g) G
OVERNMENT CONTRACTS .— ‘‘(1) C
ONTRACTORS AND RECIPIENTS .—When- ever an employer who is a Federal con-tractor (meaning an employer who holds a Federal contract, grant, or cooperative agreement, or reasonably may be expected to submit an offer for or be awarded a govern-ment contract) is determined by the Sec-retary to have violated this section on more than 3 occasions or is convicted of a crime under this section, the employer shall be considered for debarment from the receipt of Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements in accordance with the proce-dures and standards and for the periods pre-scribed by the Federal Acquisition Regula-tion. However, any administrative deter-mination of liability for civil penalty by the Secretary or the Attorney General shall not be reviewable in any debarment proceeding. ‘‘(2) INADVERTENT VIOLATIONS .—Inadvertent violations of recordkeeping or verification requirements, in the absence of any other violations of this section, shall not be a basis for determining that an employer is a repeat violator for purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(3) O
THER REMEDIES AVAILABLE .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to mod-ify or limit any remedy available to any agency or official of the Federal Government for violation of any contractual requirement to participate in the System, as provided in the final rule relating to employment eligi-bility verification published in the Federal Register on November 14, 2008 (73 Fed. Reg. 67,651), or any similar subsequent regulation. ‘‘(h) P
REEMPTION .—The provisions of this section preempt any State or local law, ordi-nance, policy, or rule, including any crimi-nal or civil fine or penalty structure, relat-ing to the hiring, continued employment, or status verification for employment eligi-bility purposes, of unauthorized aliens. A State, locality, municipality, or political subdivision may exercise its authority over business licensing and similar laws as a pen-alty for failure to use the System. ‘‘(i) D
EPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .—Ex- cept as otherwise specified, civil penalties collected under this section shall be depos-ited by the Secretary into the Comprehen-sive Immigration Reform Trust Fund estab-lished under section 6(a)(1) of the SECURE and SUCCEED Act. ‘‘(j) C
HALLENGES TO VALIDITY OF THE SYS-
TEM.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any right, benefit, or claim not otherwise waived or limited pursu-ant to this section is available in an action instituted in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, but shall be limited to determinations of— ‘‘(A) whether this section, or any regula-tion issued to implement this section, vio-lates the Constitution of the United States; or ‘‘(B) whether such a regulation issued by or under the authority of the Secretary to implement this section, is contrary to appli-cable provisions of this section or was issued in violation of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) D
EADLINES FOR BRINGING ACTIONS .— Any action instituted under this subsection must be filed no later than 180 days after the date the challenged section or regulation de-scribed in subparagraph (A) or (B) of para-graph (1) becomes effective. No court shall have jurisdiction to review any challenge de-scribed in subparagraph (B) after the time period specified in this subsection expires. ‘‘(k) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES AND INJUNCTIONS  
FORPATTERN OR PRACTICE VIOLATIONS .— ‘‘(1) P
ATTERN AND PRACTICE .—Any em- ployer who engages in a pattern or practice of knowing violations of subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2) shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, no more than $10,000 for each unauthorized alien with respect to whom such violation occurs, imprisoned for not more than 2 years for the entire pattern or practice, or both. ‘‘(2) T
ERM OF IMPRISONMENT .—The max-imum term of imprisonment of a person con-victed of any criminal offense under the United States Code shall be increased by 5 years if the offense is committed as part of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00173 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1102 February 14, 2018 
a pattern or practice of violations of sub-section (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2). ‘‘(3) E
NJOINING OF PATTERN OR PRACTICE  
VIOLATIONS .—Whenever the Secretary or the Attorney General has reasonable cause to be-lieve that an employer is engaged in a pat-tern or practice of employment in violation of subsection (a)(1)(A) or (a)(2), the Attorney General may bring a civil action in the ap-propriate district court of the United States requesting such relief, including a perma-nent or temporary injunction, restraining order, or other order against the employer, as the Secretary or Attorney General deems necessary. ‘‘(l) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES FOR UNLAWFUL  
ANDABUSIVE EMPLOYMENT .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—Any person who, during any 12-month period, knowingly employs or hires, employs, recruits, or refers for a fee for employment 10 or more individuals with-in the United States who are under the con-trol and supervision of such person— ‘‘(A) knowing that the individuals are un-authorized aliens; and ‘‘(B) under conditions that violate section 5(a) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 (29 U.S.C. 654(a) (relating to occu-pational safety and health), section 6 or 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206 and 207) (relating to minimum wages and maximum hours of employment), section 3142 of title 40, United States Code, (relating to required wages on construction contracts), or sections 6703 or 6704 of title 41, United States Code, (relating to required wages on service contracts), shall be fined under title 18, United States Code, or imprisoned for not more than 10 years, or both. ‘‘(2) A
TTEMPT AND CONSPIRACY .—Any per- son who attempts or conspires to commit any offense under this section shall be pun-ished in the same manner as a person who completes the offense. ‘‘(m) L
IMITATION ON ADJUSTMENT OF STA-
TUS.—The Secretary may not adjust the sta-tus of aliens who have been granted reg-istered provisional immigrant status, except for aliens granted blue card status as de-scribed in section 245D(b), unless the Sec-retary, after consultation with the Comp-troller General of the United States, certifies in writing to the President and Congress that the Secretary has implemented the Sys-tem, including the full incorporation of the photo tool and additional security measures, required by this section, and has required the use of the System by all employers to prevent unauthorized workers from obtain-ing employment in the United States.’’. (b) R
EPORT ON USE OF THE SYSTEM IN THE  A
GRICULTURAL INDUSTRY .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall submit a report to Congress that assesses implementa-tion of the Employment Verification System established under section 274A(d) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act, as amended by subsection (a), in the agricultural indus-try, including the use of such System tech-nology in agriculture industry hiring proc-esses, user, contractor, and third-party em-ployer agent employment practices, timing and logistics regarding employment verification and reverification processes to meet agriculture industry practices, and identification of potential challenges and modifications to meet the unique needs of the agriculture industry. Such report shall review— (1) the modality of access, training and outreach, customer support, processes for further action notices and secondary verifications for short-term workers, moni-toring, and compliance procedures for such System; (2) the interaction of such System with the process to admit nonimmigrant workers pur-suant to section 218 or 218A of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1188 et seq.) and with enforcement of the immigra-tion laws; and (3) the collaborative use of processes of other Federal and State agencies that inter-sect with the agriculture industry. (c) REPORT ON IMPACT OF THE SYSTEM ON  E
MPLOYERS .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that assesses— (1) the implementation of the Employment Verification System established under sec-tion 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as amended by subsection (a), by employers; (2) any adverse impact on the revenues, business processes, or profitability of em-ployers required to use such System; and (3) the economic impact of such System on small businesses. (d) G
OVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE  S
TUDY OF THE EFFECTS OF DOCUMENT RE-
QUIREMENTS ON EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZED  P
ERSONS AND EMPLOYERS .— (1) S
TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall carry out a study of— (A) the effects of the documentary require-ments of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by sub-section (a), on employers, naturalized United States citizens, nationals of the United States, and individuals with employment au-thorized status; and (B) the challenges such employers, citi-zens, nationals, or individuals may face in obtaining the documentation required under that section. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Con-gress a report containing the findings of the study carried out under paragraph (1). Such report shall include, at a minimum, the fol-lowing: (A) An assessment of available information regarding the number of working age nation-als of the United States and individuals who have employment authorized status who lack documents required for employment by such section 274A. (B) A description of the additional steps re-quired for individuals who have employment authorized status and do not possess the doc-uments required by such section 274A to ob-tain such documents. (C) A general assessment of the average fi-nancial costs for individuals who have em-ployment authorized status who do not pos-sess the documents required by such section 274A to obtain such documents. (D) A general assessment of the average fi-nancial costs and challenges for employers who have been required to participate in the Employment Verification System estab-lished by subsection (d) of such section 274A. (E) A description of the barriers to individ-uals who have employment authorized status in obtaining the documents required by such section 274A, including barriers imposed by the executive branch of the Government. (F) Any particular challenges facing indi-viduals who have employment authorized status who are members of a federally recog-nized Indian tribe in complying with the pro-visions of such section 274A. (e) R
EPEAL OF PILOT PROGRAMS AND E - 
VERIFY AND TRANSITION PROCEDURES .— (1) R
EPEAL .—Sections 401, 402, 403, 404, and 405 of the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (divi-sion C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note) are repealed. (2) T
RANSITION PROCEDURES .— (A) CONTINUATION OF E -VERIFY PROGRAM .— Notwithstanding the repeals made by para-graph (1), the Secretary shall continue to op-erate the E-Verify Program as described in section 403 of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note), as in effect the minute be-fore the date of the enactment of this Act, until the transition to the System described in section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as amended by subsection (a), is determined by the Secretary to be complete. (B) T
RANSITION TO THE SYSTEM .—Any em- ployer who was participating in the E-Verify Program described in section 403 of the Ille-gal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (division C of Public Law 104–208; 8 U.S.C. 1324a note), as in effect the minute before the date of the enactment of this Act, shall participate in the System described in section 274A(d) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as amended by subsection (a), to the same extent and in the same manner that the employer participated in such E-Verify Program. (3) C
ONSTRUCTION .—The repeal made by paragraph (1) may not be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to allow or continue to allow the participation in such System of employers who have participated in such E-Verify Program, as in effect on the minute before the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 274(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3); and (2) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3). (g) T
AXPAYER ADDRESS INFORMATION .—Sec- tion 6103(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the fol-lowing: ‘‘(8) T
AXPAYER ADDRESS INFORMATION FUR -
NISHED TO SECRETARY OF HOMELAND SECU -
RITY.—Upon written request from the Sec-retary of Homeland Security, the Secretary shall disclose the mailing address of any tax-payer who is entitled to receive a notifica-tion from the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity pursuant to paragraphs (1)(C) and (8)(E)(vii) of section 274A(d) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)) for use only by employees of the Department of Homeland for the purpose of mailing such notification to such taxpayer.’’. (h) S
OCIAL SECURITY ACCOUNT STATE -
MENTS .—Section 1143(a)(2) of the Social Secu-rity Act (8 U.S.C. 1320b–13(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to the extent resources are available, information in the Commissioner’s records indicating that a query was submitted to the employment verification system established under section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)) under that individual’s name or social security number; and ‘‘(G) a toll-free telephone number operated by the Department of Homeland Security for employment verification system inquiries and a link to self-verification procedure es-tablished under section 274A(d)(4)(I) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)(4)(I)).’’. (i) G
OOD FAITH COMPLIANCE .—Section 274B(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN VIOLATIONS  
AFTER REASONABLE STEPS IN GOOD FAITH .— Notwithstanding paragraphs (4) and (6), a person, other entity, or employment agency 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00174 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1103 February 14, 2018 
shall not be liable for civil penalties de-scribed in subsection (g)(2)(B)(iv) that are re-lated to a violation of any such paragraph if the person, entity, or employment agency has taken reasonable steps, in good faith, to comply with such paragraphs at issue, unless the person, other entity, or employment agency— ‘‘(A) was, for similar conduct, subject to— ‘‘(i) a reasonable cause determination by the Office of Special Counsel for Immigra-tion Related Unfair Employment Practices; or ‘‘(ii) a finding by an administrative law judge that a violation of this section has oc-curred. ‘‘(8) R
ULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed— ‘‘(A) to permit the Office of Special Coun-sel for Immigration-Related Unfair Employ-ment Practices or an administrative law judge hearing a claim under this Section to enforce any workplace rights other than those guaranteed under this section; or ‘‘(B) to prohibit any person, other entity, or employment agency from using an iden-tity verification system, service, or method (in addition to the employment verification system described in section 274A(d)), until the date on which the employer is required to participate in the System under section 274A(d)(2) and the additional security meas-ures mandated by section 274A(c)(F)(iv) have become available to verify the identity of a newly hired employee, if such system— ‘‘(i) is used in a uniform manner for all newly hired employees; ‘‘(ii) is not used for the purpose or with the intent of discriminating against any indi-vidual; ‘‘(iii) provides for timely notice to employ-ees run through the system of a mismatch or failure to confirm identity; and ‘‘(iv) sets out procedures for employees run through the system to resolve a mismatch or other failure to confirm identity. ‘‘(j) M
AINTENANCE OF REASONABLE LEVELS  
OFSERVICE AND ENFORCEMENT .—Amounts available in the Border Security Enforce-ment Fund under section 1301 of the SE-CURE and SUCCEED Act shall be available to maintain reasonable levels of service and enforcement rather than a specific numeric increase in the number of Department per-sonnel dedicated to administering the Em-ployment Verification System.’’. 
SEC. 2002. INCREASING SECURITY AND INTEG-RITY OF SOCIAL SECURITY CARDS. 
(a) F RAUD -RESISTANT , TAMPER -RESISTANT , W
EAR-RESISTANT , AND IDENTITY THEFT -RE-
SISTANT SOCIAL SECURITY CARDS .— (1) I
SSUANCE .— (A) P
RELIMINARY WORK .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Social Security shall begin work to administer and issue fraud-resistant, tamper-resistant, wear-re-sistant, and identity theft-resistant social security cards. (B) C
OMPLETION .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Social Security shall issue only social security cards determined to be fraud-resistant, tamper-resistant, wear-resistant, and identity theft-resistant. (2) A
MENDMENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Section 205(c)(2)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(G)) is amended by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The social security card shall be fraud-resistant, tamper-resist-ant, wear-resistant, and identity theft-resist-ant. (B) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by subparagraph (A) shall take effect on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) FUNDING .—From amounts in the Border Security Enforcement Funds under section 1301, there shall be available such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section and the amendments made by this section. (b) M
ULTIPLE CARDS .—Section 205(c)(2)(G) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 405(c)(2)(G)), as amended by subsection (a)(2), is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(i)’’ after ‘‘(G)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) The Commissioner of Social Security shall restrict the issuance of multiple re-placement social security cards to any indi-vidual to 3 per year and 10 for the life of the individual, except that the Commissioner may allow for reasonable exceptions from the limits under this clause on a case-by- case basis in compelling circumstances.’’. (c) C
RIMINAL PENALTIES .— (1) S
OCIAL SECURITY FRAUD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘§ 1041. Social Security fraud ‘‘Any person who— ‘‘(1) knowingly possesses or uses a social security account number or social security card knowing that the number or card was obtained from the Commissioner of Social Security by means of fraud or false state-ment; ‘‘(2) knowingly and falsely represents a number to be the social security account number assigned by the Commissioner of So-cial Security to him or her or to another per-son, when such number is known not to be the social security account number assigned by the Commissioner of Social Security to him or her or to such other person; ‘‘(3) knowingly, and without lawful author-ity, buys, sells, or possesses with intent to buy or sell a social security account number or a social security card that is or purports to be a number or card issued by the Com-missioner of Social Security; ‘‘(4) knowingly alters, counterfeits, forges, or falsely makes a social security account number or a social security card; ‘‘(5) knowingly uses, distributes, or trans-fers a social security account number or a social security card knowing the number or card to be intentionally altered, counter-feited, forged, falsely made, or stolen; or ‘‘(6) without lawful authority, knowingly produces or acquires for any person a social security account number, a social security card, or a number or card that purports to be a social security account number or social security card, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.’’. (B) T
ABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 47 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 1040 the following: ‘‘1041. Social Security fraud.’’. (2) I
NFORMATION DISCLOSURE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law and subject to sub-paragraph (B), the Commissioner of Social Security shall disclose for the purpose of in-vestigating a violation of section 1041 of title 18, United States Code, or section 274A, 274B, or 274C of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a, 1324b, and 1324c), after re-ceiving a written request from an officer in a supervisory position or higher official of any Federal law enforcement agency, the fol-lowing records of the Social Security Admin-istration: (i) Records concerning the identity, ad-dress, location, or financial institution ac-counts of the holder of a social security ac-count number or social security card. (ii) Records concerning the application for and issuance of a social security account number or social security card. (iii) Records concerning the existence or nonexistence of a social security account number or social security card. (B) LIMITATION .—The Commissioner of So-cial Security shall not disclose any tax re-turn or tax return information pursuant to subparagraph (A) except as authorized by section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
SEC. 2003. INCREASING SECURITY AND INTEG-RITY OF IMMIGRATION DOCUMENTS. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress on the feasi-bility, advantages, and disadvantages of in-cluding, in addition to a photograph, other biometric information on each employment authorization document issued by the De-partment. 
SEC. 2004. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SOCIAL SE-CURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
Title XI of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1301 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART E—EMPLOYMENT VERIFICATION 
‘‘SEC. 1186. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMMIS-SIONER OF SOCIAL SECURITY. 
‘‘(a) C ONFIRMATION OF EMPLOYMENT  V
ERIFICATION DATA.—As part of the employ-ment verification system established by the Secretary of Homeland Security under the provisions of section 274A of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a) (in this section referred to as the ‘System’), the Commissioner of Social Security shall, sub-ject to the provisions of section 274A(d) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a(d)), establish a reliable, secure method that, operating through the System and within the time periods specified in sec-tion 274A(d) of such Act— ‘‘(1) compares the name, date of birth, so-cial security account number, and available citizenship information provided in an in-quiry against such information maintained by the Commissioner in order to confirm (or not confirm) the validity of the information provided regarding an individual whose iden-tity and employment eligibility must be con-firmed; ‘‘(2) determines the correspondence of the name, date of birth, and number; ‘‘(3) determines whether the name and number belong to an individual who is de-ceased according to the records maintained by the Commissioner; ‘‘(4) determines whether an individual is a national of the United States, as defined in section 101(a)(22) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(22)); and ‘‘(5) determines whether the individual has presented a social security account number that is not valid for employment. ‘‘(b) P
ROHIBITION .—The System shall not disclose or release social security informa-tion to employers through the confirmation system (other than such confirmation or nonconfirmation, information provided by the employer to the System, or the reason for the issuance of a further action notice).’’. 
SEC. 2005. IMPROVED PROHIBITION ON DIS-CRIMINATION BASED ON NATIONAL ORIGIN OR CITIZENSHIP STATUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 274B(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION BASED  
ONNATIONAL ORIGIN OR CITIZENSHIP STA-
TUS.— ‘‘(1) P
ROHIBITION ON DISCRIMINATION GEN -
ERALLY .—It is an unfair immigration-related employment practice for a person, other en-tity, or employment agency, to discriminate 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00175 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1104 February 14, 2018 
against any individual (other than an unau-thorized alien defined in section 274A(b)) be-cause of such individual’s national origin or citizenship status, with respect to the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) The hiring of the individual for em-ployment. ‘‘(B) The verification of the individual’s eligibility to work in the United States. ‘‘(C) The discharging of the individual from employment. ‘‘(2) E
XCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to the following: ‘‘(A) A person, other entity, or employer that employs 3 or fewer employees, except for an employment agency. ‘‘(B) A person’s or entity’s discrimination because of an individual’s national origin if the discrimination with respect to that em-ployer, person, or entity and that individual is covered under section 703 of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 (42 U.S.C. 2000e–2), unless the discrimination is related to an individ-ual’s verification of employment authoriza-tion. ‘‘(C) Discrimination because of citizenship status which— ‘‘(i) is otherwise required in order to com-ply with a provision of Federal, State, or local law related to law enforcement; ‘‘(ii) is required by Federal Government contract; or ‘‘(iii) the Secretary or Attorney General determines to be essential for an employer to do business with an agency or department of the Federal Government or a State, local, or tribal government. ‘‘(3) A
DDITIONAL EXCEPTION PROVIDING  
RIGHT TO PREFER EQUALLY QUALIFIED CITI -
ZENS.—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, it is not an unfair immigra-tion-related employment practice for an em-ployer (as defined in section 274A(b)) to pre-fer to hire, recruit, or refer for a fee an indi-vidual who is a citizen or national of the United States over another individual who is an alien if the 2 individuals are equally qualified. ‘‘(4) U
NFAIR IMMIGRATION -RELATED EMPLOY -
MENT PRACTICES RELATING TO THE SYSTEM .—It is also an unfair immigration-related em-ployment practice for a person, other entity, or employment agency— ‘‘(A) to discharge or constructively dis-charge an individual solely due to a further action notice issued by the Employment Verification System created by section 274A until the administrative appeal described in section 274A(d)(6) is completed; ‘‘(B) to use the System with regard to any person for any purpose except as authorized by section 274A(d); ‘‘(C) to use the System to reverify the em-ployment authorization of a current em-ployee, including an employee continuing in employment, other than reverification upon expiration of employment authorization, or as otherwise authorized under section 274A(d) or by regulation; ‘‘(D) to use the System selectively for em-ployees, except where authorized by law; ‘‘(E) to fail to provide to an individual any notice required in section 274A(d) within the relevant time period; ‘‘(F) to use the System to deny workers’ employment or post-employment benefits; ‘‘(G) to misuse the System to discriminate based on national origin or citizenship sta-tus; ‘‘(H) to require an employee or prospective employee to use any self-verification feature of the System or provide, as a condition of application or employment, any self- verification results; ‘‘(I) to use an immigration status verification system, service, or method other than those described in section 274A for pur-poses of verifying employment eligibility; or ‘‘(J) to grant access to document verification or System data, to any indi-vidual or entity other than personnel au-thorized to have such access, or to fail to take reasonable safeguards to protect against unauthorized loss, use, alteration, or destruction of System data. ‘‘(5) PROHIBITION OF INTIMIDATION OR RETAL -
IATION .—It is also an unfair immigration-re-lated employment practice for a person, other entity, or employment agency to in-timidate, threaten, coerce, or retaliate against any individual— ‘‘(A) for the purpose of interfering with any right or privilege secured under this sec-tion; or ‘‘(B) because the individual intends to file or has filed a charge or a complaint, testi-fied, assisted, or participated in any manner in an investigation, proceeding, or hearing under this section. ‘‘(6) T
REATMENT OF CERTAIN DOCUMENTARY  
PRACTICES AS EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES .—A person’s, other entity’s, or employment agency’s request, for purposes of verifying employment eligibility, for more or different documents than are required under section 274A, or for specific documents, or refusing to honor documents tendered that reason-ably appear to be genuine shall be treated as an unfair immigration-related employment practice. ‘‘(7) P
ROHIBITION OF WITHHOLDING EMPLOY -
MENT RECORDS .—It is an unfair immigration- related employment practice for an em-ployer that is required under Federal, State, or local law to maintain records docu-menting employment, including dates or hours of work and wages received, to fail to provide such records to any employee upon request. ‘‘(8) P
ROFESSIONAL , COMMERCIAL , AND BUSI -
NESS LICENSES .—An individual who is author-ized to be employed in the United States may not be denied a professional, commer-cial, or business license on the basis of his or her immigration status. ‘‘(9) E
MPLOYMENT AGENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘employment agency’ means any employer, person, or entity regu-larly undertaking with or without compensa-tion to procure employees for an employer or to procure for employees opportunities to work for an employer and includes an agent of such employer, person, or entity.’’. (b) R
EFERRAL BY EEOC.—Section 274B(b)of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) R
EFERRAL BY EEOC .—The Equal Em-ployment Opportunity Commission shall refer all matters alleging immigration-re-lated unfair employment practices filed with the Commission, including those alleging violations of paragraphs (1), (4), (5), and (6) of subsection (a) to the Special Counsel for Im-migration-Related Unfair Employment Prac-tices of the Department of Justice.’’. (c) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 274B(l)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(l)(3)) is amended by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘and an additional $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021.’’. (d) F
INES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 274B(g)(2)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(g)(2)(B)) is amended by striking clause (iv) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iv) to pay any applicable civil penalties prescribed below, the amounts of which may be adjusted periodically to account for infla-tion as provided by law— ‘‘(I) except as provided in subclauses (II) through (IV), to pay a civil penalty of not less than $2,000 and not more than $5,000 for each individual subjected to an unfair immi-gration-related employment practice; ‘‘(II) except as provided in subclauses (III) and (IV), in the case of an employer, person, or entity previously subject to a single order under this paragraph, to pay a civil penalty of not less than $4,000 and not more than $10,000 for each individual subjected to an unfair immigration-related employment practice; ‘‘(III) except as provided in subclause (IV), in the case of an employer, person, or entity previously subject to more than 1 order under this paragraph, to pay a civil penalty of not less than $8,000 and not more than $25,000 for each individual subjected to an unfair immigration-related employment practice; and ‘‘(IV) in the case of an unfair immigration- related employment practice described in paragraphs (4) through (7) of subsection (a), to pay a civil penalty of not less than $500 and not more than $2,000 for each individual subjected to an unfair immigration-related employment practice.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act and apply to viola-tions occurring on or after such date of en-actment. 
SEC. 2006. RULEMAKING. 
(a) I NTERIM FINAL REGULATIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) the Secretary, shall issue regulations implementing sections 2001, 2002, and 2005 and the amendments made by such sections (except for section 274A(d)(7) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act); and (B) the Attorney General shall issue regu-lations implementing section 274A(d)(7) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by section 2001 the amendments made by such section. (2) E
FFECTIVE DATE .—Regulations issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be effective immediately on an interim basis, but are subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period for pub-lic comment. (b) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Within a reason-able time after publication of the interim regulations under subsection (a), the Sec-retary, in consultation with the Commis-sioner of Social Security and the Attorney General, shall publish final regulations im-plementing this title. 
SEC. 2007. OFFICE OF THE SMALL BUSINESS AND EMPLOYEE ADVOCATE. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SMALL BUSINESS AND  E
MPLOYEE ADVOCATE .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain within U.S. Citizen-ship and Immigration Services the Office of the Small Business and Employee Advocate (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Office’’). The purpose of the Office shall be to assist small businesses and individuals in com-plying with the requirements of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324a), as amended by this Act, includ-ing the resolution of conflicts arising in the course of attempted compliance with such requirements. (b) F
UNCTIONS .—The functions of the Office shall include, but not be limited to, the fol-lowing: (1) Informing small businesses and individ-uals about the verification practices re-quired by section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act, including, but not lim-ited to, the document verification require-ments and the employment verification sys-tem requirements under subsections (c) and (d) of that section. (2) Assisting small businesses and individ-uals in addressing allegedly erroneous fur-ther action notices and nonconfirmations issued under subsection (d) of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00176 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1105 February 14, 2018 
(3) Informing small businesses and individ-uals of the financial liabilities and criminal penalties that apply to violations and fail-ures to comply with the requirements of sec-tion 274A of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, including, but not limited to, by issuing best practices for compliance with that section. (4) To the extent practicable, proposing changes to the Secretary in the administra-tive practices of the employment verification system required under sub-section (d) of section 274A of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act to mitigate the problems identified under paragraph (2). (5) Making recommendations through the Secretary to Congress for legislative action to mitigate such problems. (c) A
UTHORITY TO ISSUE ASSISTANCE  O
RDER .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Upon application filed by a small business or individual with the Office (in such form, manner, and at such time as the Secretary shall by regulations prescribe), the Office may issue an assistance order if— (A) the Office determines the small busi-ness or individual is suffering or about to suffer a significant hardship as a result of the manner in which the employment verification laws under subsections (c) and (d) of section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act are being administered by the Secretary; or (B) the small business or individual meets such other requirements as are set forth in regulations prescribed by the Secretary. (2) D
ETERMINATION OF HARDSHIP .—For pur- poses of paragraph (1), a significant hardship shall include— (A) an immediate threat of adverse action; (B) a delay of more than 60 days in resolv-ing employment verification system prob-lems; (C) the incurring by the small business or individual of significant costs if relief is not granted; or (D) irreparable injury to, or a long-term adverse impact on, the small business or in-dividual if relief is not granted. (3) S
TANDARDS WHEN ADMINISTRATIVE GUID -
ANCE NOT FOLLOWED .—In cases where a U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services em-ployee is not following applicable published administrative guidance, the Office shall construe the factors taken into account in determining whether to issue an assistance order under this subsection in the manner most favorable to the small business or indi-vidual. (4) T
ERMS OF ASSISTANCE ORDER .—The terms of an assistance order under this sub-section may require the Secretary within a specified time period— (A) to determine whether any employee is or is not authorized to work in the United States; or (B) to abate any penalty under section 274A of the Immigration and Nationality Act that the Office determines is arbitrary, ca-pricious, or disproportionate to the under-lying offense. (5) A
UTHORITY TO MODIFY OR RESCIND .—Any assistance order issued by the Office under this subsection may be modified or re-scinded— (A) only by the Office, the Director or Dep-uty Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immi-gration Services, or the Secretary or the Secretary’s designee; and (B) if rescinded by the Director or Deputy Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, only if a written explanation of the reasons of such official for the modification or rescission is provided to the Office. (6) S
USPENSION OF RUNNING OF PERIOD OF  
LIMITATION .—The running of any period of limitation with respect to an action de-scribed in paragraph (4)(A) shall be sus-pended for— (A) the period beginning on the date of the small business or individual’s application under paragraph (1) and ending on the date of the Office’s decision with respect to such application; and (B) any period specified by the Office in an assistance order issued under this subsection pursuant to such application. (7) INDEPENDENT ACTION OF OFFICE .—Noth- ing in this subsection shall prevent the Of-fice from taking any action in the absence of an application under paragraph (1). (d) A
CCESSIBILITY TO THE PUBLIC .— (1) I
N PERSON , ONLINE , AND TELEPHONE AS -
SISTANCE .—The Office shall provide informa-tion and assistance specified in subsection (b) in person at locations designated by the Secretary, online through an Internet website of the Department available to the public, and by telephone. (2) A
VAILABILITY TO ALL EMPLOYERS .—In making information and assistance avail-able, the Office shall prioritize the needs of small businesses and individuals. However, the information and assistance available through the Office shall be available to any employer. (e) A
VOIDING DUPLICATION THROUGH COORDI -
NATION .—In the discharge of the functions of the Office, the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Ag-riculture, the Commissioner, the Attorney General, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration in order to avoid duplication of efforts across the Fed-eral Government. (f) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) E
MPLOYER .—The term ‘‘employer’’ has the meaning given that term in section 274A(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act. (2) S
MALL BUSINESS .—The term ‘‘small business’’ means an employer with 49 or fewer employees. (g) F
UNDING .—Of amounts in the Border Se-curity Enforcement Fund under section 1301, there shall be available such sums as may be necessary to carry out the functions of the Office. 
SA 1983. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON INADMISSIBILITY OR DEPORTATION OF ALIENS WHO COMPLY WITH STATE LAW. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON INADMISSIBILITY .—Sec- tion 212(a)(2)(A)(i)(II) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(2)(A)(i)(II)) is amended by inserting ‘‘other than an act involving marijuana that is permitted under the laws of a State or the law of an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Determination and Education Assist-ance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304), that has jurisdic-tion over the Indian country, as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code, in which the act occurs’’ after ‘‘802)),’’. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON DEPORTATION .—Section 237(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘marijuana,’’ and in-serting ‘‘marijuana or an offense involving marijuana that is permitted under the laws of a State or the law of an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4 of the Indian Self-Deter-mination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304), that has jurisdiction over the Indian country, as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code, in which the of-fense occurs’’. SA 1984. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. FEDERAL PELL GRANT ELIGIBILITY FOR DREAMER STUDENTS. 
Section 484 (20 U.S.C. 1091) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(5), by inserting ‘‘, or be a Dreamer student, as defined in subsection (u)’’ after ‘‘becoming a citizen or permanent resident’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(u) D
REAMER STUDENTS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In this section, the term ‘Dreamer student’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) was younger than 16 years of age on the date on which the individual initially en-tered the United States; ‘‘(B) has provided a list of each secondary school that the student attended in the United States; and ‘‘(C)(i) has earned a high school diploma, the recognized equivalent of such diploma from a secondary school, or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States or is scheduled to complete the requirements for such a diploma or equivalent before the next academic year begins; ‘‘(ii) has acquired a degree from an institu-tion of higher education or has completed not less than 2 years in a program for a bac-calaureate degree or higher degree at an in-stitution of higher education in the United States and has made satisfactory academic progress, as defined in subsection (c), during such time period; ‘‘(iii) at any time was eligible for a grant of deferred action under— ‘‘(I) the June 15, 2012, memorandum from the Secretary of Homeland Security entitled ‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children’; or ‘‘(II) the November 20, 2014, memorandum from the Secretary of Homeland Security en-titled ‘Exercising Prosecutorial Discretion with Respect to Individuals Who Came to the United States as Children and with Respect to Certain Individuals Who Are the Parents of U.S. Citizens or Permanent Residents’; or ‘‘(iv) has served in the uniformed services, as defined in section 101 of title 10, United States Code, for not less than 4 years and, if discharged, received an honorable discharge. ‘‘(2) H
ARDSHIP EXCEPTION .—The Secretary shall issue regulations that direct when the Department shall waive the requirement of subparagraph (A) or (B), or both, of para-graph (1) for an individual to qualify as a Dreamer student under such paragraph, if the individual— ‘‘(A) demonstrates compelling cir-cumstances for the inability to satisfy the requirement of such subparagraph (A) or (B), or both; and ‘‘(B) satisfies the requirement of paragraph (1)(C).’’. 
SA 1985. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00177 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.034 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1106 February 14, 2018 
unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. PROTECTING CHILD TRAFFICKING VICTIMS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Child Trafficking Victims Pro-tection Act’’. (b) U
NACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unaccom-panied alien children’’ has the meaning given such term in section 462 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279). (c) M
ANDATORY TRAINING .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services and independent child welfare experts, shall mandate live training of all personnel who come into contact with unaccompanied alien children in all relevant legal authorities, policies, practices, and procedures pertaining to this vulnerable pop-ulation. (d) C
ARE AND TRANSPORTATION .—Notwith- standing any other provision of law, the Sec-retary shall ensure that all unaccompanied children who will undergo any immigration proceedings before the Department or the Executive Office for Immigration Review are duly transported and placed in the care and legal and physical custody of the Office of Refugee Resettlement not later than 72 hours after their apprehension absent nar-rowly defined exceptional circumstances, in-cluding a natural disaster or comparable emergency beyond the control of the Sec-retary or the Office of Refugee Resettlement. The Secretary shall ensure that female offi-cers are continuously present during the transfer and transport of female detainees who are in the custody of the Department. (e) Q
UALIFIED RESOURCES .—The Secretary shall provide adequately trained and quali-fied staff resources at each major port of entry (as defined by the U.S. Customs and Border Protection station assigned to that port having in its custody during the past 2 fiscal years an yearly average of 50 or more unaccompanied alien children), including the accommodation of child welfare profes-sionals in accordance with subsection (f). (f) C
HILD WELFARE PROFESSIONALS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Senior Advisor on Trafficking in Persons in the Office of the Assistant Secretary for the Administration for Children and Families shall ensure that qualified child welfare professionals with ex-pertise in culturally competent, trauma-cen-tered, and developmentally appropriate interviewing skills are available at each major port of entry described in subsection (e). (2) D
UTIES .—Child welfare professionals de-scribed in paragraph (1) shall— (A) in consultation with the Secretary and the Assistant Secretary for the Administra-tion for Children and Families, develop guidelines for treatment of unaccompanied alien children in the custody of the Depart-ment; (B) conduct screening on behalf of the De-partment of all unaccompanied alien chil-dren in accordance with section 235(a)(4) of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232(a)(4)); (C) notify the Department and the Office of Refugee Resettlement of children that meet the notification and transfer requirements set forth in subsections (a) and (b) of section 235 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1232); and (D) interview adult relatives accom-panying unaccompanied alien children; and (E) provide an initial family relationship and trafficking assessment and recommenda-tions regarding unaccompanied alien chil-dren’s initial placements to the Office of Ref-ugee Resettlement, which shall be conducted in accordance with the time frame set forth in subsections (a)(4) and (b)(3) of section 235 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1232); and (F) ensure that each unaccompanied alien child in the custody of U.S. Customs and Border Protection— (i) receives emergency medical care when necessary; (ii) receives emergency medical and mental health care that complies with the standards adopted pursuant to section 8(c) of the Pris-on Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (42 U.S.C. 15607(c)) whenever necessary, including in cases in which a child is at risk to harm him-self, herself, or others; (iii) is provided with climate appropriate clothing, shoes, basic personal hygiene and sanitary products, a pillow, linens, and suffi-cient blankets to rest at a comfortable tem-perature; (iv) receives adequate nutrition; (v) enjoys a safe and sanitary living envi-ronment; (vi) has access to daily recreational pro-grams and activities if held for a period longer than 12 hours; (vii) has access to legal services and con-sular officials; and (viii) is permitted to make supervised phone calls to family members. (3) FINAL DETERMINATIONS .—The Office of Refugee Resettlement, in consultation with the Senior Advisor on Trafficking in Per-sons, in accordance with applicable policies and procedures for sponsors, shall submit final determinations on family relationships to the Secretary, who shall consider such adult relatives for community-based support alternatives to detention. (4) R
EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Senior Advisor on Trafficking in Persons shall submit a re-port to Congress that— (A) describes the screening procedures used by the child welfare professionals to screen unaccompanied alien children; (B) assesses the effectiveness of such screenings; and (C) includes data on all unaccompanied alien children who were screened by child welfare professionals; (g) I
MMEDIATE NOTIFICATION .—The Sec-retary shall immediately notify the Office of Refugee Resettlement of an unaccompanied alien child in the custody of the Department to effectively and efficiently coordinate the child’s transfer to and placement with the Office of Refugee Resettlement. (h) N
OTICE OF RIGHTS AND RIGHT TO ACCESS  
TOCOUNSEL .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary shall en-sure that all unaccompanied alien children, upon apprehension, are provided— (A) an interview and screening with a child welfare professional described in subsection (f)(1); and (B) a video orientation and oral and writ-ten notice of their rights under the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, including— (i) their right to relief from removal; (ii) their right to confer with counsel (as guaranteed under section 292 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1362)), family, or friends while in the temporary custody of the Department; and (iii) relevant complaint mechanisms to re-port any abuse or misconduct they may have experienced. (2) L
ANGUAGES .—The Secretary shall en-sure that— (A) the video orientation and written no-tice of rights described in paragraph (1) is available in English and in the 5 most com-mon native languages spoken by the unac-companied children held in custody at that location during the preceding fiscal year; and (B) the oral notice of rights is available in English and in the most common native lan-guage spoken by the unaccompanied children held in custody at that location during the preceding fiscal year. (i) CONFIDENTIALITY .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall maintain the privacy and confidentiality of all infor-mation gathered in the course of providing care, custody, placement and follow-up serv-ices to unaccompanied alien children, con-sistent with the best interest of the unac-companied alien child, by not disclosing such information to other government agencies or nonparental third parties unless such disclo-sure is— (1) recorded in writing and placed in the child’s file; (2) in the child’s best interest; and (3)(A) authorized by the child or by an ap-proved sponsor in accordance with section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008 (8 U.S.C. 1232) and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (Public Law 104–191); or (B) provided to a duly recognized law en-forcement entity to prevent imminent and serious harm to another individual. (j) O
THER POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Secretary shall adopt fundamental child pro-tection policies and procedures— (1) for reliable age determinations of chil-dren, developed in consultation with medical and child welfare experts, which exclude the use of fallible forensic testing of children’s bone and teeth; (2) to ensure the safe and secure repatri-ation and reintegration of unaccompanied alien children to their home countries through specialized programs developed in close consultation with the Secretary of State, the Office of the Refugee Resettle-ment, and reputable independent child wel-fare experts, including placement of children with their families or nongovernmental agencies to provide food, shelter, and voca-tional training and microfinance opportuni-ties; (3) to utilize all legal authorities to defer the child’s removal if the child faces a risk of life-threatening harm upon return including due to the child’s mental health or medical condition; and (4) to ensure, in accordance with the Juve-nile Justice and Delinquency Prevention Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5601 et seq.), that unaccom-panied alien children, while in detention, are— (A) physically separated from any adult who is not an immediate family member; and (B) separated by sight and sound from— (i) immigration detainees and inmates with criminal convictions; (ii) pretrial inmates facing criminal pros-ecution; and (iii) inmates exhibiting violent behavior. (k) T
RANSFER OF FUNDS .— (1) A
UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary, in ac-cordance with a written agreement between the Secretary and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall transfer such amounts as may be necessary to carry out the duties described in subsection (f)(2) from amounts appropriated for U.S. Customs and Border Protection to the Department of Health and Human Services. (2) R
EPORT .—Not later than 15 days before any proposed transfer under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in consultation with the Secretary, shall submit a detailed expenditure plan that de-scribes the actions proposed to be taken with amounts transferred under such paragraph to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00178 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.033 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1107 February 14, 2018 
(A) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (l) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to preempt or alter any other rights or remedies, including any causes of action, available under any Federal or State law. 
SA 1986. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. KEEPING TRACK OF UNACCOM-PANIED ALIEN CHILDREN. 
(a) U NACCOMPANIED ALIEN CHILDREN DE-
FINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unaccom-panied alien children’’ has the meaning given such term in section 462 of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279). (b) A
NNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary of Home-land Security shall submit to Congress a re-port that sets forth, for the previous year, the following: (1) The total number of unaccompanied alien children who were screened by U. S. Customs and Border Protection. (2) The total number of unaccompanied alien Children who demonstrated trafficking indicators. (3) The total number of unaccompanied alien children who, after demonstrating traf-ficking indicators, were removed to their home countries, and to which countries they were removed. (4) The total number of unaccompanied alien children who were removed to their home countries, and to which countries they were removed. (5) The total number of unaccompanied alien children who were referred to the Of-fice of Refugee Resettlement of the Depart-ment of Health and Human Services. (6) The total number of unaccompanied alien children who secured immigration re-lief. 
SA 1987. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. RELIEF FOR ORPHANS, WIDOWS, AND WIDOWERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) S
PECIAL RULE FOR ORPHANS , SPOUSES , 
AND PERMANENT PARTNERS .—In applying clauses (iii) and (iv) of section 201(b)(2)(A) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, øas added by section 102(a) of this Act ¿, to an alien whose citizen or lawful permanent resi-dent relative died before the date of the en-actment of this Act, the alien relative may file the classification petition under section 204(a)(1)(A)(ii) of such Act, øas amended by section 102(c)(4)(A)(i)(II) of this Act ¿, not later than 2 years after the date of the enact-ment of this Act. (2) E
LIGIBILITY FOR PAROLE .—If an alien was excluded, deported, removed, or departed voluntarily before the date of the enactment of this Act based solely upon the alien’s lack of classification as an immediate relative (as defined in section 201(b)(2)(A)(iv) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act, øas amended by section 102(a) of this Act ¿) due to the death of such citizen or resident— (A) such alien shall be eligible for parole into the United States pursuant to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security’s discretionary authority under section 212(d)(5) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)); and (B) such alien’s application for adjustment of status shall be considered notwith-standing section 212(a)(9) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(9)). (3) ELIGIBILITY FOR PAROLE .—If an alien de-scribed in section 204(l) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(l)), was ex-cluded, deported, removed, or departed vol-untarily before the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) such alien shall be eligible for parole into the United States pursuant to the Sec-retary of Homeland Security’s discretionary authority under section 212(d)(5) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(5)); and (B) such alien’s application for adjustment of status shall be considered notwith-standing section 212(a)(9) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(9)). (b) P
ROCESSING OF IMMIGRANT VISAS AND  D
ERIVATIVE PETITIONS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 204(b) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘After an investigation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—After an investigation’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) D
EATH OF QUALIFYING RELATIVE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Any alien described in subparagraph (B) whose qualifying relative died before the completion of immigrant visa processing may have an immigrant visa ap-plication adjudicated as if such death had not occurred. An immigrant visa issued be-fore the death of the qualifying relative shall remain valid after such death. ‘‘(B) A
LIEN DESCRIBED .—An alien described in this subparagraph is an alien who— ‘‘(i) is an immediate relative (as described in section 201(b)(2)(A)); ‘‘(ii) is a family-sponsored immigrant (as described in subsection (a) or (d) of section 203); ‘‘(iii) is a derivative beneficiary of an em-ployment-based immigrant under section 203(b) (as described in section 203(d)); or ‘‘(iv) is the spouse, permanent partner, or child of a refugee (as described in section 207(c)(2)) or an asylee (as described in section 208(b)(3)).’’. (2) T
RANSITION PERIOD .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—Notwithstanding a denial or revocation of an application for an immi-grant visa for an alien whose qualifying rel-ative died before the date of the enactment of this Act, such application may be renewed by the alien through a motion to reopen, without fee. (B) I
NAPPLICABILITY OF BARS TO ENTRY .— Notwithstanding section 212(a)(9) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(9)), an alien’s application for an im-migrant visa shall be considered if the alien was excluded, deported, removed, or departed voluntarily before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) N
ATURALIZATION .—Section 319(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1430(a)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or permanent partner’’ after ‘‘spouse’’ each place such term appears; (2) by inserting ‘‘(or, if the spouse is de-ceased, the spouse was a citizen of the United States)’’ after ‘‘citizen of the United States’’; and (3) by inserting ‘‘or permanent partner-ship’’ after ‘‘marital union’’. (d) WAIVERS OF INADMISSIBILITY .—Section 212 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182) is amended— (1) by redesignating the second subsection (t) as subsection (u); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) C
ONTINUED WAIVER ELIGIBILITY FOR  W
IDOWS , W IDOWERS , AND ORPHANS .—In the case of an alien who would have been statu-torily eligible for any waiver of inadmis-sibility under this Act but for the death of a qualifying relative, the eligibility of such alien shall be preserved as if the death had not occurred and the death of the qualifying relative shall be the functional equivalent of hardship for purposes of any waiver of inad-missibility which requires a showing of hard-ship.’’. (e) S
URVIVING RELATIVE CONSIDERATION FOR  C
ERTAIN PETITIONS AND APPLICATIONS .—Sec- tion 204(l)(1) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1154(l)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘who resided in the United States at the time of the death of the quali-fying relative and who continues to reside in the United States’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘any related applications,’’ and inserting ‘‘any related applications (in-cluding affidavits of support),’’. (f) I
MMEDIATE RELATIVES .—Section 201(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(b)(2)(A)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘within 2 years after such date’’. (g) F
AMILY -SPONSORED IMMIGRANTS .—Sec- tion 212(a)(4)(C)(i) is amended— (1) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘, or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(IV) the status as a surviving relative under section 204(l); or’’. 
SA 1988. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. V NONIMMIGRANT VISAS. 
(a) N ONIMMIGRANT ELIGIBILITY .—Subpara- graph (V) of section 101(a)(15) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(V)(i) subject to section 214(q)(1) and sec-tion 212(a)(4), an alien who is the beneficiary of an approved petition under section 203(a) as— ‘‘(I) the unmarried son or unmarried daughter of a citizen of the United States; ‘‘(II) the unmarried son or unmarried daughter of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence; or ‘‘(III) the married son or married daughter of a citizen of the United States and who is 31 years of age or younger; or ‘‘(ii) subject to section 214(q)(2), an alien who is— ‘‘(I) the sibling of a citizen of the United States; or ‘‘(II) the married son or married daughter of a citizen of the United States and who is older than 31 years of age;’’. (b) E
MPLOYMENT AND PERIOD OF ADMISSION  
OFNONIMMIGRANTS DESCRIBED IN SECTION  101(
A)(15)(V).—Section 214(q) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(q) N
ONIMMIGRANTS DESCRIBED IN SECTION  101(
A)(15)(V).— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00179 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.033 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1108 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(1) C ERTAIN SONS AND DAUGHTERS .— ‘‘(A) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) authorize a nonimmigrant admitted pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(V)(i) to engage in employment in the United States during the period of such nonimmigrant’s author-ized admission; and ‘‘(ii) provide such a nonimmigrant with an ‘employment authorized’ endorsement or other appropriate document signifying au-thorization of employment. ‘‘(B) T
ERMINATION OF ADMISSION .—The pe- riod of authorized admission for such a non-immigrant shall terminate 30 days after the date on which— ‘‘(i) such nonimmigrant’s application for an immigrant visa pursuant to the approval of a petition under subsection (a) or (c) of section 203 is denied; or ‘‘(ii) such nonimmigrant’s application for adjustment of status under section 245 pursu-ant to the approval of such a petition is de-nied. ‘‘(2) S
IBLINGS AND SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF  
CITIZENS .— ‘‘(A) E
MPLOYMENT AUTHORIZATION .—The Secretary may not authorize a non-immigrant admitted pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(V)(ii) to engage in employment in the United States. ‘‘(B) P
ERIOD OF ADMISSION .—The period of authorized admission as such a non-immigrant may not exceed 60 days per fiscal year. ‘‘(C) T
REATMENT OF PERIOD OF ADMISSION .— An alien admitted under section 101(a)(15)(V) may not receive an allocation of points pur-suant to section 203(c) for residence in the United States while admitted as such a non-immigrant.’’. (c) P
UBLIC BENEFITS .—A noncitizen who is lawfully present in the United States pursu-ant to section 101(a)(15)(V) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)) is not eligible for any means- tested public benefits (as such term is de-fined and implemented in section 403 of the Personal Responsibility and Work Oppor-tunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1613)). A noncitizen admitted under this sec-tion— (1) is not entitled to the premium assist-ance tax credit authorized under section 36B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for his or her coverage; (2) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals not lawfully present that are set forth in subsection (e) of such section; (3) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals not lawfully present that are set forth in section 1402(e) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (42 U.S.C. 18071(e)); and (4) shall be subject to the rules applicable to individuals not lawfully present set forth in section 5000A(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (d) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SA 1989. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. IMMIGRATION JUDGES. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—The section may be cited as the ‘‘Immigration Court Improvement Act of 2018’’. (b) FINDING ; SENSE OF CONGRESS .— (1) F
INDING .—Congress finds that the United States tradition as a nation of laws and a nation of immigrants is best served by effective, fair, and impartial immigration judges, who have decisional independence and are free from political influence. (2) S
ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (A) immigration judges should be fair and impartial and have decisional independence that is free from political pressure or influ-ence; and (B) in order to promote even-handed, non- biased, decision making that is representa-tive of the public at large, immigration judges should be selected from a broad pool of candidates with a variety of legal experi-ence, such as law professors, private practi-tioners, representatives of pro bono service and other nongovernmental organizations, military officers, and government employ-ees. (c) P
ROFESSIONAL TREATMENT OF IMMIGRA -
TION JUDGES .— (1) D
EFINED TERM .—Section 101(b)(4) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(b)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4)(A) The term ‘immigration judge’ means an attorney who— ‘‘(i) has been appointed by the Attorney General to serve as a United States immigra-tion judge; ‘‘(ii) is qualified to conduct proceedings under this Act, including removal pro-ceedings under section 240. ‘‘(B) An immigration judge shall be subject to such supervision and shall perform such duties as the Attorney General shall pre-scribe as long as such supervision does not interfere with the immigration judge’s exer-cise of independent decision making author-ity over cases in which he or she presides. ‘‘(C) An immigration judge shall be an at-torney at the time of his or her appointment by the Attorney General and shall maintain good standing or appropriate judicial status (as defined solely by the licensing jurisdic-tion) with the bar of the highest court of any State. ‘‘(D) The service of an immigration judge is deemed to be judicial in nature. Actions taken by an immigration judge while serving in a judicial capacity shall be reviewed under the applicable Code of Judicial Conduct. Im-migration judges shall not be subject to any code of attorney behavior for conduct or ac-tions taken while performing duties as an immigration judge. ‘‘(E) An immigration judge may not be dis-ciplined for any good faith legal decisions made in the course of hearing and deciding cases. Criticism of an immigration judge, in a decision of any appellate court may not be considered or construed as a finding of mis-conduct.’’. (2) P
ERFORMANCE APPRAISALS .—Any system of completion goals or other efficiency standards imposed on immigration judges (as defined in section 101(b)(4) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act)— (A) may be used solely as management tools for obtaining or allocating resources; and (B) may not be used— (i) to limit the independent authority of immigration judges to fulfill their duties; or (ii) as a reflection of individual judicial performance. (3) J
UDICIAL COMPLAINT PROCESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall es-tablish a transparent judicial complaint process that is consistent with the Guide-lines for the Evaluation of Judicial Perform-ance developed by the American Bar Asso-ciation and the judicial performance evalua-tion principles developed by the Institute for the Advancement of the American Legal System. (4) ANNUAL LEAVE .—Every immigration judge shall be presumed to have 15 years of Federal civilian service for the purpose of the accrual of annual leave. (5) C
ONTINUING LEGAL EDUCATION .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—In addition to the train-ing required under section 603(c) of the Inter-national Religious Freedom Act of 1998 (22 U.S.C. 6473(c)), the Attorney General shall provide immigration judges with— (i) meaningful, ongoing training, including annual, in-person training, to maintain cur-rent knowledge of immigration cases, changes in the law and effective docketing practices; and (ii) time away from the bench to assimi-late the knowledge gained through such training. (B) S
ERVICE TO THE LEGAL PROFESSION .—Im- migration judges have an ethical duty to participate in continuing legal education, in-cluding teaching of law at institutions of higher learning and other activities to edu-cate the public and to improve the legal pro-fession. The Attorney General may not pre-vent or interfere with the participation of an immigration judge in any such bona fide ac-tivities if— (i) undertaken in conjunction with an es-tablished university, law school, bar associa-tion, or legal organization; and (ii) the immigration judge clearly indi-cates that such participation is in his or her personal capacity and does not reflect any official positions or policies. (6) C
ONTEMPT AUTHORITY .— (A) R
ULEMAKING .— (i) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall promul-gate interim regulations governing the exer-cise of the authority given to immigration judges under section 240(b)(1) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)(1)) to sanction contempt of an immi-gration judge’s exercise of authority under such Act. (ii) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General shall promulgate final regulations governing the authority de-scribed in clause (i). (B) E
FFECT OF FAILURE TO PROMULGATE  
REGULATIONS .—If the Attorney General fails to comply with subparagraph (A)(ii), immi-gration judges shall— (i) make appropriate findings of contempt; and (ii) submit such findings to the United States District Court for the judicial district in which the immigration judge is physically located. 
SA 1990. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—FAIR DAY IN COURT FOR KIDS 
SEC. llll. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Fair Day in Court for Kids Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. llll. IMPROVING IMMIGRATION COURT EFFICIENCY AND REDUCING COSTS BY INCREASING ACCESS TO LEGAL INFORMATION. 
(a) A PPOINTMENT OF COUNSEL IN REMOVAL  P
ROCEEDINGS ; R IGHT TOREVIEW CERTAIN  
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00180 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.032 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1109 February 14, 2018 
DOCUMENTS IN REMOVAL PROCEEDINGS .—Sec- tion 240(b) of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1229a(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘, at no expense to the Gov-ernment,’’; and (ii) by striking the comma at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (B) and (C) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respec-tively; (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) the Attorney General may appoint or provide counsel, at Government expense, to aliens in immigration proceedings; ‘‘(C) the alien, or the alien’s counsel, not later than 7 days after receiving a notice to appear under section 239(a), shall receive a complete copy of the alien’s immigration file (commonly known as an ‘A-file’) in the pos-session of the Department of Homeland Se-curity (other than documents protected from disclosure under section 552(b) of title 5, United States Code);’’; and (D) in subparagraph (D), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) F
AILURE TO PROVIDE ALIEN REQUIRED  
DOCUMENTS .—A removal proceeding may not proceed until the alien, or the alien’s coun-sel, if the alien is represented— ‘‘(A) has received the documents required under paragraph (4)(C); and ‘‘(B) has been provided at least 10 days to review and assess such documents.’’. (b) C
LARIFICATION REGARDING THE AUTHOR -
ITY OF THE ATTORNEY GENERAL TOAPPOINT  C
OUNSEL TO ALIENS IN IMMIGRATION PRO-
CEEDINGS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 292 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1362) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 292. RIGHT TO COUNSEL. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), in any removal pro-ceeding and in any appeal proceeding before the Attorney General from any such removal proceeding, the subject of the proceeding shall have the privilege of being represented by such counsel as may be authorized to practice in such proceeding as he or she may choose. This subsection shall not apply to screening proceedings described in section 235(b)(1)(A). ‘‘(b) A
CCESS TO COUNSEL FOR UNACCOM -
PANIED ALIEN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—In any removal pro-ceeding and in any appeal proceeding before the Attorney General from any such removal proceeding, an unaccompanied alien child (as defined in section 462(g) of the Homeland Se-curity Act on 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g))) shall be represented by Government-appointed coun-sel, at Government expense. ‘‘(2) L
ENGTH OF REPRESENTATION .—Once a child is designated as an unaccompanied alien child under paragraph (1), the child shall be represented by counsel at every stage of the proceedings from the child’s ini-tial appearance through the termination of immigration proceedings, and any ancillary matters appropriate to such proceedings even if the child attains 18 years of age or is reunified with a parent or legal guardian while the proceedings are pending. ‘‘(3) N
OTICE .—Not later than 72 hours after an unaccompanied alien child is taken into Federal custody, the alien shall be notified that he or she will be provided with legal counsel in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(4) W
ITHIN DETENTION FACILITIES .—The Secretary of Homeland Security shall ensure that unaccompanied alien children have ac-cess to counsel inside all detention, holding, and border facilities. ‘‘(c) PROBONOREPRESENTATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Attorney General should make every effort to utilize the services of competent counsel who agree to provide rep-resentation to such children under sub-section (b) without charge. ‘‘(2) D
EVELOPMENT OF NECESSARY INFRA -
STRUCTURES AND SYSTEMS .—The Attorney General shall develop the necessary mecha-nisms to identify counsel available to pro-vide pro bono legal assistance and represen-tation to children under subsection (b) and to recruit such counsel. ‘‘(d) C
ONTRACTS ; G RANTS .—The Attorney General may enter into contracts with, or award grants to, nonprofit agencies with rel-evant expertise in the delivery of immigra-tion-related legal services to children to carry out the responsibilities under this sec-tion, including providing legal orientation, screening cases for referral, recruiting, training, and overseeing pro bono attorneys. Nonprofit agencies may enter into sub-contracts with, or award grants to, private voluntary agencies with relevant expertise in the delivery of immigration related legal services to children in order to carry out this section. ‘‘(e) M
ODEL GUIDELINES ON LEGAL REP-
RESENTATION OF CHILDREN .— ‘‘(1) D
EVELOPMENT OF GUIDELINES .—The Ex- ecutive Office for Immigration Review, in consultation with voluntary agencies and national experts, shall develop model guide-lines for the legal representation of alien children in immigration proceedings, which shall be based on the children’s asylum guidelines, the American Bar Association Model Rules of Professional Conduct, and other relevant domestic or international sources. ‘‘(2) P
URPOSE OF GUIDELINES .—The guide-lines developed under paragraph (1) shall be designed to help protect each child from any individual suspected of involvement in any criminal, harmful, or exploitative activity associated with the smuggling or trafficking of children, while ensuring the fairness of the removal proceeding in which the child is involved. ‘‘(f) D
UTIES OF COUNSEL .—Counsel provided under this section shall— ‘‘(1) represent the unaccompanied alien child in all proceedings and matters relating to the immigration status of the child or other actions involving the Department of Homeland Security; ‘‘(2) appear in person for all individual merits hearings before the Executive Office for Immigration Review and interviews in-volving the Department of Homeland Secu-rity; ‘‘(3) owe the same duties of undivided loy-alty, confidentiality, and competent rep-resentation to the child as is due to an adult client; and ‘‘(4) carry out other such duties as may be proscribed by the Attorney General or the Executive Office for Immigration Review. ‘‘(g) S
AVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede— ‘‘(1) any duties, responsibilities, discipli-nary, or ethical responsibilities an attorney may have to his or her client under State law; ‘‘(2) the admission requirements under State law; or ‘‘(3) any other State law pertaining to the admission to the practice of law in a par-ticular jurisdiction.’’. (2) R
ULEMAKING .—The Attorney General shall promulgate regulations to implement section 292 of the Immigration and Nation-ality Act, as added by paragraph (1), in ac-cordance with the requirements set forth in section 3006A of title 18, United States Code. SEC. llll. ACCESS BY COUNSEL AND LEGAL ORIENTATION AT DETENTION FA-CILITIES. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide access to counsel for all aliens de-tained in a facility under the supervision of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or the Department of Health and Human Services, or in any private facility that contracts with the Federal Government to house, detain, or hold aliens. 
SEC. llll. REPORT ON ACCESS TO COUNSEL. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31 of each year, the Secretary of Homeland Secu-rity, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-eral, shall prepare and submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives regarding the ex-tent to which aliens described in section 292(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by this title, have been pro-vided access to counsel. (b) C
ONTENTS .—Each report submitted under paragraph (a) shall include, for the im-mediately preceding 1-year period— (1) the number and percentage of aliens de-scribed in section 292(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act, as added by this title, who were represented by counsel, including information specifying— (A) the stage of the legal process at which each such alien was represented; (B) whether the alien was in government custody; and (C) the nationality and ages of such aliens; and (2) the number and percentage of aliens who received legal orientation presentations, including the nationality and ages of such aliens. 
SEC. llll. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIA-TIONS. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to the Executive Office of Immigration Review of the Department of Justice such sums as may be necessary to carry out this title. 
SA 1991. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. SENSE OF CONGRESS THAT FAMILY UNITY SHOULD CONTINUE TO BE A GUIDING PRINCIPLE OF UNITED STATES IMMIGRATION SYSTEM. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the fol-lowing findings: (1) The family is the bedrock of society in the United States. (2) From time immemorial, families have served as a source of emotional support and economic security. (3) Courageous people living in difficult circumstances often immigrate to the United States in order to make a better life for themselves and their families. (4) Once such immigrants succeed and es-tablish themselves as part of their commu-nities in the United States, they want to help the families they left behind, and want their families to join them and provide suc-cor and support. (5) Families have proven to be a key factor in the successful integration of immigrant families into life in the United States. (6) The Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 recognized that families should not be kept apart based on the places close relatives were born. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00181 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.030 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1110 February 14, 2018 
(b) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) family unity should continue to be a guiding principle of the legal immigration system of the United States; and (2) elimination or reduction of the number of family-based visas or family-based Green Cards would have a negative effect on the United States as a whole. 
SA 1992. Ms. HIRONO submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION OF PHYSICAL BAR-RIERS ON CERTAIN FEDERAL LAND TO PROTECT WILDLIFE. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no wall or other physical barrier may be constructed on the international border be-tween the United States and Mexico in or on— (1) a unit of the National Park System; (2) a national monument; (3) a unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System; or (4) National Forest System land. 
SA 1993. Mr. WYDEN (for himself and Mr. P
AUL) submitted an amendment in-tended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: TITLE ll—PROTECTING DATA AT THE BORDER 
SEC. l01. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Protecting Data at the Border Act’’. 
SEC. l02. FINDINGS. 
Congress finds the following: (1) United States persons have a reasonable expectation of privacy in the digital con-tents of their electronic equipment, the dig-ital contents of their online accounts, and the nature of their online presence. (2) The Supreme Court of the United States recognized in Riley v. California, 134 S. Ct. 2473 (2014) the extraordinary privacy inter-ests in electronic equipment like cell phones. (3) The privacy interest of United States persons in the digital contents of their elec-tronic equipment, the digital contents of their online accounts, and the nature of their online presence differs in both degree and kind from their privacy interest in closed containers. (4) Accessing the digital contents of elec-tronic equipment, accessing the digital con-tents of an online account, or obtaining in-formation regarding the nature of the online presence of a United States person entering or exiting the United States, without a law-ful warrant based on probable cause, is un-reasonable under the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. 
SEC. l03. SCOPE. 
Nothing in this title shall be construed to— (1) prohibit a Governmental entity from conducting an inspection of the external physical components of the electronic equip-ment to determine the presence or absence of weapons or contraband without a warrant, including activating or attempting to acti-vate an object that appears to be electronic equipment to verify that the object is elec-tronic equipment; or (2) limit the authority of a Governmental entity under the Foreign Intelligence Sur-veillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.). SEC. l04. DEFINITIONS. 
As used in this title— (1) the term ‘‘access credential’’ includes a username, password, PIN number, finger-print, or biometric indicator; (2) the term ‘‘border’’ means the inter-national border of the United States and the functional equivalent of such border; (3) the term ‘‘digital contents’’ means any signs, signals, writing, images, sounds, data, or intelligence of any nature transmitted in whole or in part by electronic equipment, or stored in electronic equipment or an online account; (4) the term ‘‘electronic communication service’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2510 of title 18, United States Code; (5) the term ‘‘electronic equipment’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘computer’’ in section 1030(e) of title 18, United States Code; (6) the term ‘‘Governmental entity’’ means a department or agency of the United States (including any officer, employee, or con-tractor or other agent thereof); (7) the term ‘‘online account’’ means an online account with an electronic commu-nication service or remote computing serv-ice; (8) the term ‘‘online account information’’ means the screen name or other identifier or information that would allow a Govern-mental entity to identify the online presence of an individual; (9) the term ‘‘remote computing service’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2711 of title 18, United States Code; and (10) the term ‘‘United States person’’ means an individual who is a United States person, as defined in section 101 of the For-eign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. l05. PROCEDURES FOR LAWFUL ACCESS TO DIGITAL DATA AT THE BORDER. 
(a) S TANDARD .—Subject to subsection (b), a Governmental entity may not— (1) access the digital contents of any elec-tronic equipment belonging to or in the pos-session of a United States person at the bor-der without a valid warrant supported by probable cause issued using the procedures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure by a court of competent jurisdic-tion; (2) deny entry into or exit from the United States by a United States person based on a refusal by the United States person to— (A) disclose an access credential that would enable access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account; (B) provide access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account; or (C) provide online account information; or (3) delay entry into or exit from the United States by a United States person for longer than the period of time, which may not ex-ceed 4 hours, necessary to determine whether the United States person will, in a manner in accordance with subsection (c), consensually provide an access credential, access, or on-line account information, as described in subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (2). (b) E
MERGENCY EXCEPTIONS .— (1) E
MERGENCY SITUATIONS GENERALLY .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—An investigative or law enforcement officer of a Governmental enti-ty who is designated by the Secretary of Homeland Security for purposes of this para-graph may access the digital contents of electronic equipment belonging to or in pos-session of a United States person at the bor-der without a warrant described in sub-section (a)(1) if the investigative or law en-forcement officer— (i) reasonably determines that— (I) an emergency situation exists that in-volves— (aa) immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person; (bb) conspiratorial activities threatening the national security interest of the United States; or (cc) conspiratorial activities characteristic of organized crime; (II) the emergency situation described in subclause (I) requires access to the digital contents of the electronic equipment before a warrant described in subsection (a)(1) au-thorizing such access can, with due dili-gence, be obtained; and (III) there are grounds upon which a war-rant described in subsection (a)(1) could be issued authorizing such access; and (ii) makes an application in accordance with this section for a warrant described in subsection (a)(1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 7 days after the investigative or law enforcement officer accesses the dig-ital contents under the authority under this subparagraph. (B) WARRANT NOT OBTAINED .—If an applica-tion for a warrant described in subparagraph (A)(ii) is denied, or in any other case in which an investigative or law enforcement officer accesses the digital contents of elec-tronic equipment belonging to or in posses-sion of a United States person at the border without a warrant under the emergency au-thority under subparagraph (A) and a war-rant authorizing the access is not obtained— (i) any copy of the digital contents in the custody or control of a Governmental entity shall immediately be destroyed; (ii) the digital contents, and any informa-tion derived from the digital contents, may not be disclosed to any Governmental entity or a State or local government; and (iii) the Governmental entity employing the investigative or law enforcement officer that accessed the digital contents shall no-tify the United States person that any copy of the digital contents has been destroyed. (2) P
ROTECTION OF PUBLIC SAFETY AND  
HEALTH .—A Governmental entity may access the digital contents of electronic equipment belonging to or in possession of a United States person at the border without a war-rant described in subsection (a)(1) if the ac-cess is— (A) necessary for the provision of fire, med-ical, public safety, or other emergency serv-ices; and (B) unrelated to the investigation of a pos-sible crime or other violation of the law. (c) I
NFORMED CONSENT IN WRITING .— (1) N
OTICE .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Governmental entity shall provide the notice described in sub-paragraph (B) before requesting that a United States person at the border— (i) provide consent to access the digital contents of any electronic equipment belong-ing to or in the possession of or the digital contents of an online account of the United States person; (ii) disclose an access credential that would enable access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account of the United States person; (iii) provide access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account of the United States person; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00182 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.030 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1111 February 14, 2018 
(iv) provide online account information of the United States person. (B) C
ONTENTS .—The notice described in this subparagraph is written notice in a lan-guage understood by the United States per-son that the Governmental entity— (i) may not— (I) compel access to the digital contents of electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of, the digital contents of an on-line account of, or the online account infor-mation of a United States person without a valid warrant; (II) deny entry into or exit from the United States by the United States person based on a refusal by the United States person to— (aa) disclose an access credential that would enable access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account; (bb) provide access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account; or (cc) provide online account information; or (III) delay entry into or exit from the United States by the United States person for longer than the period of time, which may not exceed 4 hours, necessary to deter-mine whether the United States person will consensually provide an access credential, access, or online account information, as de-scribed in items (aa), (bb), and (cc) of sub-clause (II); and (ii) if the Governmental entity has prob-able cause that the electronic equipment contains information that is relevant to an allegation that the United States person has committed a felony, may seize electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of the United States person for a period of time if the United States person refuses to consensually provide access to the digital contents of the electronic equipment. (2) C
ONSENT .— (A) I
N GENERAL .—A Governmental entity shall obtain written consent described in subparagraph (B) before— (i) accessing, pursuant to the consent of a United States person at the border the dig-ital contents of electronic equipment belong-ing to or in the possession of or the digital contents of an online account of the United States person; (ii) obtaining, pursuant to the consent of a United States person at the border, an access credential of the United States person that would enable access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital con-tents of an online account; or (iii) obtaining, pursuant to the consent of a United States person at the border, online account information for an online account of the United States person. (B) C
ONTENTS OF WRITTEN CONSENT .—Writ- ten consent described in this subparagraph is written consent that— (i) indicates the United States person un-derstands the protections and limitations de-scribed in paragraph (1)(B); (ii) states the United States person is— (I) providing consent to the Governmental entity to access certain digital contents or consensually disclosing an access credential; or (II) consensually providing online account information; and (iii) specifies the digital contents, access credential, or online account information with respect to which the United States per-son is providing consent. (d) R
ETENTION OF DIGITAL CONTENTS .— (1) L
AWFUL ACCESS .—A Governmental enti-ty that obtains access to the digital contents of electronic equipment, the digital contents of an online account, or online account infor-mation in accordance with this section may not make or retain a copy of the digital con-tents or online account information, or any information directly or indirectly derived from the digital contents or online account information, unless there is probable cause to believe the digital contents or online ac-count information contains evidence of, or constitutes the fruits of, a crime. (2) UNLAWFUL ACCESS .—If a Governmental entity obtains access to the digital contents of electronic equipment, digital contents of an online account, or online account infor-mation in a manner that is not in accord-ance with this section, the Governmental en-tity— (A) shall immediately destroy any copy of the digital contents or online account infor-mation, and any information directly or in-directly derived from the digital contents or online account information, in the custody or control of the Governmental entity; (B) may not disclose the digital contents or online account information, or any infor-mation directly or indirectly derived from the digital contents or online account infor-mation, to any other Governmental entity or a State or local government; and (C) shall notify the United States person that any copy of the digital contents or on-line account information, and any informa-tion directly or indirectly derived from the digital contents or online account informa-tion, has been destroyed. (e) R
ECORDKEEPING .—A Governmental enti-ty shall keep a record of each instance in which the Governmental entity obtains ac-cess to the digital contents of electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of an individual at the border, the digital contents of an online account of an indi-vidual who is at the border, or online ac-count information of an individual who is at the border, which shall include— (1) the reason for the access; (2) the nationality, immigration status, and admission category of the individual; (3) the nature and extent of the access; (4) if the access was consensual, how and to what the individual consented, and what the individual provided by consent; (5) whether electronic equipment of the in-dividual was seized; (6) whether the Governmental entity made a copy of all or a portion of the digital con-tents or online account information, or any information directly or indirectly derived from the digital contents or online account information; and (7) whether the digital contents or online account information, or any information di-rectly or indirectly derived from the digital contents or online account information, was shared with another Governmental entity or a State or local government. 
SEC. l06. LIMITS ON USE OF DIGITAL CONTENTS AS EVIDENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever any digital contents or online account information have been obtained in violation of this title, no part of the digital contents or online account information and no evidence derived there-from may be received in evidence in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding (including any proceeding relating to the immigration laws, as defined in section 101(a) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a))) in or before any court, grand jury, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other au-thority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof. (b) A
PPLICATION .—To the maximum extent practicable, the limitations under subsection (a) shall be applied in the same manner as the limitations under section 2515 of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. l07. LIMITS ON SEIZURE OF ELECTRONIC EQUIPMENT. 
A Governmental entity may not seize any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of a United States person at the border unless there is probable cause to be-lieve that the electronic equipment contains information that is relevant to an allegation that the United States person has committed a felony. SEC. l08. AUDIT AND REPORTING REQUIRE-MENTS. 
In March of each year, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress and make publicly available on the Web site of the Department of Homeland Security a report that includes the following: (1) The number of times during the pre-vious year that an officer or employee of the Department of Homeland Security did each of the following: (A) Accessed the digital contents of any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of or the digital contents of an online account of a United States person at the border pursuant to a warrant supported by probable cause issued using the proce-dures described in the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure by a court of competent jurisdiction. (B) Accessed the digital contents of any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of a United States person at the border pursuant to the emergency authority under section l05(b). (C) Requested consent to access the digital contents of any electronic equipment belong-ing to or in the possession of, the digital con-tents of an online account of, or online ac-count information of a United States person at the border. (D) Accessed the digital contents of any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of, the digital contents of an on-line account of, or online account informa-tion of a United States person at the border pursuant to written consent provided in ac-cordance with section l05(c). (E) Requested a United States person at the border consensually disclose an access credential that would enable access to the digital contents of electronic equipment or the digital contents of an online account of the United States person. (F) Accessed the digital contents of elec-tronic equipment or the digital contents of an online account of a United States person at the border using an access credential pur-suant to written consent provided in accord-ance with section l05(c). (G) Accessed the digital contents of any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of, the digital contents of an on-line account of, or online account informa-tion of a United States person at the border in a manner that was not in accordance with section l05. (H) Accessed the digital contents of any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of, the digital contents of an on-line account of, or online account informa-tion of an individual who is not a United States person at the border. (I) Accessed the digital contents of any electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of an individual at the border, the digital contents of an online account of an individual at the border, or online account information of an individual at the border (regardless of whether the individual is a United States person) at the request of a Governmental entity (including another component of the Department of Homeland Security) that is not the Governmental enti-ty employing the individual accessing the digital contents or online account informa-tion. (2) Aggregate data on— (A) the number of United States persons for which a Governmental entity obtains ac-cess to— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00183 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.031 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1112 February 14, 2018 
(i) the digital contents of electronic equip-ment belonging to or in the possession of the United States person at the border; (ii) the digital contents of an online ac-count of the United States person while at the border; or (iii) online account information of the United States person while at the border; (B) the country from which United States persons departed most recently before arriv-ing in the United States for the United States persons for which a Governmental en-tity obtains access to— (i) the digital contents of electronic equip-ment belonging to or in the possession of the United States person at the border; (ii) the digital contents of an online ac-count of the United States person while at the border; or (iii) online account information of the United States person while at the border; (C) the number and nationality of individ-uals who are not United States persons for which a Governmental entity obtains access to— (i) the digital contents of electronic equip-ment belonging to or in the possession of the individuals at the border; (ii) the digital contents of an online ac-count of the individuals while at the border; or (iii) online account information of the in-dividuals while at the border; and (D) the country from which individuals who are not United States persons departed most recently before arriving in the United States for the individuals for which a Gov-ernmental entity obtains access to— (i) the digital contents of electronic equip-ment belonging to or in the possession of the individuals at the border; (ii) the digital contents of an online ac-count of the individuals while at the border; or (iii) online account information of the in-dividuals while at the border. (3) Aggregate data regarding the perceived race and ethnicity of individuals for whom a Governmental entity obtains access to— (A) the digital contents of electronic equipment belonging to or in the possession of the individuals at the border; (B) the digital contents of an online ac-count of the individuals while at the border; or (C) online account information of the indi-viduals while at the border. 
SA 1994. Mr. WYDEN submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lllll. PROHIBITION ON THE USE OF CELL SITE SIMULATORS. 
Notwithstanding section 287 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1357) or any other provision of law, an officer or em-ployee of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement may not use a cell site simu-lator— (1) to locate an individual whose only sus-pected criminal offense is an offense under section 275 or 276 of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325, 1326); or (2) to locate an individual in order to re-move or deport the individual from the United States. 
SA 1995. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. U.S. CUSTOMS AND BORDER PROTEC-TION HIRING AND RETENTION. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection Hiring and Retention Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘CBP HiRe Act’’. (b) F
LEXIBILITY IN EMPLOYMENT AUTHORI -
TIES.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection employment authorities ‘‘(a) D
EFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘CBP employee’ means an employee of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection; ‘‘(2) the term ‘Commissioner’ means the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection; ‘‘(3) the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management; ‘‘(4) the term ‘rural or remote area’ means an area within the United States that is not within an area defined and designated as an urbanized area by the Bureau of the Census in the most recently completed decennial census; and ‘‘(5) the term ‘Secretary’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(b) D
EMONSTRATION OF RECRUITMENT AND  R
ETENTION DIFFICULTIES IN RURAL OR RE-
MOTE AREAS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of sub-sections (c) and (d), the Secretary shall de-termine, for a rural or remote area, whether there is— ‘‘(A) a critical hiring need in the area; and ‘‘(B) a direct relationship between— ‘‘(i) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(ii) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area. ‘‘(2) F
ACTORS .—To inform the determina-tion of a direct relationship under paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary may consider evi-dence— ‘‘(A) that the Secretary— ‘‘(i) is unable to efficiently and effectively recruit individuals for positions as CBP em-ployees, which may be demonstrated with various types of evidence, including— ‘‘(I) evidence that multiple positions have been continuously vacant for significantly longer than the national average period for which similar positions in U.S. Customs and Border Protection are vacant; or ‘‘(II) recruitment studies that demonstrate the inability of the Secretary to efficiently and effectively recruit CBP employees for positions in the area; or ‘‘(ii) experiences a consistent inability to retain CBP employees that negatively im-pacts agency operations at a local or re-gional level; or ‘‘(B) of any other inability, directly related to recruitment or retention difficulties, that the Secretary determines sufficient. ‘‘(c) D
IRECT HIREAUTHORITY ; RECRUITMENT  
AND RELOCATION BONUSES ; R ETENTION BO-
NUSES .— ‘‘(1) D
IRECT HIRE AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may ap-point, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319, candidates to po-sitions in the competitive service as CBP employees, in a rural or remote area, if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) determines that— ‘‘(I) there is a critical hiring need; and ‘‘(II) there exists a severe shortage of qualified candidates because of the direct re-lationship identified by the Secretary under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(aa) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(bb) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(ii) has given public notice for the posi-tions. ‘‘(B) PRIORITIZATION OF HIRING VETERANS .— If the Secretary uses the direct hiring au-thority under subparagraph (A), the Sec-retary shall apply the principles of pref-erence for the hiring of veterans established under subchapter I of chapter 33. ‘‘(2) R
ECRUITMENT AND RELOCATION BO -
NUSES .—The Secretary may pay a bonus to an individual (other than an individual de-scribed in subsection (a)(2) of section 5753) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) conditions consistent with the condi-tions described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (b) of such section 5753 are satis-fied with respect to the individual (without regard to any other provision of that sec-tion); and ‘‘(ii) the position to which the individual is appointed or to which the individual moves or must relocate— ‘‘(I) is a position as a CBP employee; and ‘‘(II) is in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct rela-tionship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(aa) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(bb) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— ‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(3) R
ETENTION BONUSES .—The Secretary may pay a retention bonus to a CBP em-ployee (other than an individual described in subsection (a)(2) of section 5754) if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(i) a condition consistent with the condi-tion described in subsection (b)(1) of such section 5754 is satisfied with respect to the CBP employee (without regard to any other provision of that section); ‘‘(ii) the CBP employee is employed in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct relationship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(I) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(II) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area; and ‘‘(iii) in the absence of a retention bonus, the CBP employee would be likely to leave— ‘‘(I) the Federal service; or ‘‘(II) for a different position in the Federal service, including a position in another agen-cy or component of the Department of Home-land Security; and ‘‘(B) the individual enters into a written service agreement with the Secretary— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00184 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.031 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1113 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(i) under which the individual is required to complete a period of employment as a CBP employee of not less than 2 years; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) the commencement and termination dates of the required service period (or provi-sions for the determination thereof); ‘‘(II) the amount of the bonus; and ‘‘(III) other terms and conditions under which the bonus is payable, subject to the re-quirements of this subsection, including— ‘‘(aa) the conditions under which the agreement may be terminated before the agreed-upon service period has been com-pleted; and ‘‘(bb) the effect of a termination described in item (aa). ‘‘(4) R
ULES FOR BONUSES .— ‘‘(A) M
AXIMUM BONUS .—A bonus paid to an employee under— ‘‘(i) paragraph (2) may not exceed 100 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period; and ‘‘(ii) paragraph (3) may not exceed 50 per-cent of the annual rate of basic pay of the employee as of the commencement date of the applicable service period. ‘‘(B) R
ELATION TO BASIC PAY .—A bonus paid to an employee under paragraph (2) or (3) shall not be considered part of the basic pay of the employee for any purpose. ‘‘(5) OPM 
OVERSIGHT .—The Director shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) set aside a determination of the Sec-retary under this subsection if the Director finds substantial evidence that the Secretary abused the discretion of the Secretary in making the determination; and ‘‘(B) oversee the compliance of the Sec-retary with this subsection. ‘‘(d) S
PECIAL PAYAUTHORITY .—In addition to the circumstances described in subsection (b) of section 5305, the Director may estab-lish special rates of pay in accordance with that section if the Director finds that the re-cruitment or retention efforts of the Sec-retary with respect to positions for CBP em-ployees in 1 or more areas or locations are, or are likely to become, significantly handi-capped because the positions are located in a rural or remote area for which the Secretary has identified a direct relationship under subsection (b)(1)(B) of this section between— ‘‘(1) the rural or remote nature of the area; and ‘‘(2) difficulty in the recruitment and re-tention of CBP employees in the area. ‘‘(e) R
EGULAR CBP R EVIEW .— ‘‘(1) E
NSURING FLEXIBILITIES MEET CBP  
NEEDS .—Each year, the Secretary shall re-view the use of hiring flexibilities under sub-sections (c) and (d) to fill positions at a loca-tion in a rural or remote area to determine— ‘‘(A) the impact of the use of those flexi-bilities on solving hiring and retention chal-lenges at the location; ‘‘(B) whether hiring and retention chal-lenges still exist at the location; and ‘‘(C) whether the Secretary needs to con-tinue to use those flexibilities at the loca-tion. ‘‘(2) C
ONSIDERATION .—In conducting the re-view under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(A) whether any CBP employee accepted an employment incentive under subsection (c) or (d) and then transferred to a new loca-tion or left U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion; and ‘‘(B) the length of time that each employee identified under subparagraph (A) stayed at the original location before transferring to a new location or leaving U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(3) D
ISTRIBUTION .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on each review required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) IMPROVING CBP H IRING AND RETEN -
TION.— ‘‘(1) E
DUCATION OF CBP HIRING OFFICIALS .— Not later than 180 days after the date of en-actment of the U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection Hiring and Retention Act of 2018, and in conjunction with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity, the Secretary shall develop and imple-ment a strategy to improve education re-garding hiring and human resources flexibili-ties (including hiring and human resources flexibilities for locations in rural or remote areas) for all employees, serving in agency headquarters or field offices, who are in-volved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates for locations in a rural or remote area, as well as the re-tention of current employees. ‘‘(2) E
LEMENTS .—Elements of the strategy under paragraph (1) shall include the fol-lowing: ‘‘(A) Developing or updating training and educational materials on hiring and human resources flexibilities for employees who are involved in the recruitment, hiring, assess-ment, or selection of candidates, as well as the retention of current employees. ‘‘(B) Regular training sessions for per-sonnel who are critical to filling open posi-tions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(C) The development of pilot programs or other programs, as appropriate, to address identified hiring challenges in rural or re-mote areas. ‘‘(D) Developing and enhancing strategic recruiting efforts through relationships with institutions of higher education, as defined in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), veterans transition and employment centers, and job placement pro-gram in regions that could assist in filling positions in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(E) Examination of existing agency pro-grams on how to most effectively aid spouses and families of individuals who are can-didates or new hires in a rural or remote area. ‘‘(F) Feedback from individuals who are candidates or new hires at locations in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or remote areas for new hires and their families. ‘‘(G) Feedback from CBP employees, other than new hires, who are stationed at loca-tions in a rural or remote area, including feedback on the quality of life in rural or re-mote areas for those CBP employees and their families. ‘‘(H) Evaluation of Department of Home-land Security internship programs and the usefulness of those programs in improving hiring by the Secretary in rural or remote areas. ‘‘(3) E
VALUATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Each year, the Sec-retary shall — ‘‘(i) evaluate the extent to which the strat-egy developed and implemented under para-graph (1) has improved the hiring and reten-tion ability of the Secretary; and ‘‘(ii) make any appropriate updates to the strategy under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) I
NFORMATION .—The evaluation con-ducted under subparagraph (A) shall in-clude— ‘‘(i) any reduction in the time taken by the Secretary to fill mission-critical positions in rural or remote areas; ‘‘(ii) a general assessment of the impact of the strategy implemented under paragraph (1) on hiring challenges in rural or remote areas; and ‘‘(iii) other information the Secretary de-termines relevant. ‘‘(g) I
NSPECTOR GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enact-ment of the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion Hiring and Retention Act of 2018, the In-spector General of the Department of Home-land Security shall review the use of hiring flexibilities by the Secretary under sub-sections (c) and (d) to determine whether the use of those flexibilities is helping the Sec-retary meet hiring and retention needs in rural and remote areas. ‘‘(h) REPORT ON POLYGRAPH REQUESTS .— The Secretary shall report to Congress on the number of requests the Secretary re-ceives from any other Federal agency for the file of an applicant for a position in U.S. Cus-toms and Border Patrol that includes the re-sults of a polygraph examination. ‘‘(i) E
XERCISE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(1) S
OLE DISCRETION .—The exercise of au-thority under subsection (c) shall be subject to the sole and exclusive discretion of the Secretary (or the Commissioner, as applica-ble under paragraph (2) of this subsection), notwithstanding chapter 71. ‘‘(2) D
ELEGATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary may delegate any author-ity under this section to the Commissioner. ‘‘(B) O
VERSIGHT .—The Commissioner may not make a determination under subsection (b)(1) unless the Secretary approves the de-termination. ‘‘(j) R
ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to exempt the Secretary or the Director from the applica-bility of the merit system principles under section 2301. ‘‘(k) S
UNSET .—The authorities under sub-sections (c) and (d) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enact-ment of the U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion Hiring and Retention Act of 2018.’’. (2) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 97 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘9702. U.S. Customs and Border Protection employment authorities.’’. 
SA 1996. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XX of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2009. OPERATION STONEGARDEN. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Department a program, which shall be known as ‘Operation Stonegarden’, under which the Secretary, acting through the Ad-ministrator, shall award grants to eligible law enforcement agencies, through the State administrative agency, to enhance border se-curity in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBLE RECIPIENTS .—To be eligible to receive a grant under this section, a law enforcement agency shall be located in— ‘‘(1) a State bordering Canada or Mexico; ‘‘(2) a State or territory with a maritime border; or ‘‘(3) Indian country (as defined in section 1151 of title 18, United States Code) that is located all or in part of a State bordering Canada or Mexico. ‘‘(c) P
ERMITTED USES.—The recipient of a grant under this section may use such grant for— ‘‘(1) equipment, including maintenance and sustainment costs; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00185 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.035 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1114 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(2) personnel, including overtime and backfill, in support of enhanced border law enforcement activities; ‘‘(3) any activity permitted for Operation Stonegarden under the Department of Home-land Security’s most recent Homeland Secu-rity Grant Program Notice of Funding Op-portunity; and ‘‘(4) any other appropriate activity, as de-termined by the Administrator, in consulta-tion with the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. ‘‘(d) P
ERIOD OF PERFORMANCE .—The Sec- retary shall award grants under this section to grant recipients for a period of not less than 36 months. ‘‘(e) R
EPORT .—For each of the fiscal years 2018 through 2022, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Home-land Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives containing information on the expenditure of grants made under this section by each grant recipient. ‘‘(f) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated $110,000,000, for each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, for grants under this section. There is hereby appropriated $110,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 for grants under this sec-tion.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 2002(a) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 603(a)) is amended to read as fol-lows: ‘‘(a) G
RANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary, through the Administrator, may award grants under sections 2003, 2004, and 2009 to State, local, and tribal governments, as ap-propriate.’’. (c) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Homeland Se-curity Act of 2002 (Public Law 107–296) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2008 the following: ‘‘Sec. 2009. Operation Stonegarden.’’. 
SA 1997. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. NORTHERN BORDER THREAT ANALYSIS AND STRATEGY. 
The Northern Border Security Review Act (Public Law 114–267) is amended— (1) in section 3(a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and not later than 3 years thereafter,’’ after ‘‘this Act,’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) any additional factors that the Sec-retary determines to be relevant to the de-velopment of the Northern Border threat analysis; and ‘‘(6) a determination of whether a new Northern Border strategy is needed to meet the threats identified by the Northern Bor-der threat analysis.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 4. NORTHERN BORDER STRATEGY. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary of Homeland Security determines under section 3(a)(6) that a new Northern Border strategy is needed to meet the threats identified by the threat analysis required under section 3(a), the new Northern Border strategy shall be submitted to the appropriate congres-sional committees not later than 180 days after the completion of the threat analysis. ‘‘(b) STRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .—In devel- oping a new strategy under this section, the Secretary shall consider— ‘‘(1) the technology needs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security; ‘‘(2) the personnel needs of the Department of Homeland Security; ‘‘(3) the role of State, tribal, and local law enforcement in general border security ac-tivities; ‘‘(4) the best methods for improving part-nerships between Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement to improve border se-curity; ‘‘(5) the need for cooperation among Fed-eral, State, tribal, local, and Canadian law enforcement entities relating to border secu-rity, and how to improve such cooperation; ‘‘(6) the infrastructure needs of the Depart-ment of Homeland Security, including the physical approaches to Department facili-ties; and ‘‘(7) the terrain, population density, and climate along the Northern Border. 
‘‘SEC. 5. NORTHERN BORDER STRATEGY IMPLE-MENTATION PLAN. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary devel-ops a new Northern Border strategy under section 4, the Secretary shall submit a im-plementation plan for the strategy to the ap-propriate congressional committees not later than 180 days after the strategy is sub-mitted to the appropriate congressional committees. ‘‘(b) I
MPLEMENTATION PLAN REQUIRE -
MENTS .—In developing a new implementation plan under this section, the Secretary shall include— ‘‘(1) the specific technology, personnel, and infrastructure needs of the Department of Homeland Security to successfully imple-ment the strategy; and ‘‘(2) any changes in Department policy re-quired to successfully implement the strat-egy.’’. 
SA 1998. Ms. HEITKAMP submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. LIMITATION ON RESOURCE TRANS-FERS FROM THE NORTHERN BOR-DER. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT -
TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; (C) the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; (E) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and (F) the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) N
ORTHERN BORDER .—The term ‘‘North-ern Border’’ means the land and maritime borders between the United States and Can-ada. (b) L
IMITATION .—The Secretary of Home-land Security may not reduce the levels of Department of Homeland Security personnel, resources, technological assets or funding for operations on the Northern Border below such levels in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) EMERGENCY AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may temporarily transfer personnel, re-sources, technological assets, or funding for operations on the Northern Border if the Secretary notifies and provides justification to the appropriate congressional committees that such a transfer is required to meet a critical emergency. (d) D
URATION OF AUTHORITY .—Any author-ity exercised under subsection (c) shall last for 90 days but may be extended for addi-tional 90-day periods provided that the Sec-retary continues to notify the appropriate congressional committees for each addi-tional 90-day extension and provide justifica-tion that the critical emergency continues to exist. 
SA 1999. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. llll. STATUS FOR CERTAIN BATTERED SPOUSES AND CHILDREN. 
(a) N ONIMMIGRANT STATUS FOR CERTAIN  B
ATTERED SPOUSES AND CHILDREN .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 101(a)(51) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(51)), as amended by section 2305(d)(6)(B)(i)(III), is further amended— (A) in subparagraph (E), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end the following; (B) in subparagraph (F), by striking the pe-riod at the end and inserting a semicolon and ‘‘or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) section 106 as an abused derivative alien.’’. (b) R
ELIEF FOR ABUSED DERIVATIVE  A
LIENS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Section 106 of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1105a) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 106. RELIEF FOR ABUSED DERIVATIVE ALIENS. 
‘‘(a) A BUSED DERIVATIVE ALIEN DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘abused derivative alien’ means an alien who— ‘‘(1) is the spouse or child admitted under section 101(a)(15); ‘‘(2) is accompanying or following to join a principal alien admitted under such a sec-tion; and ‘‘(3) has been subjected to battery or ex-treme cruelty by such principal alien. ‘‘(b) R
ELIEF FOR ABUSED DERIVATIVE  A
LIENS .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall grant or extend the status of ad-mission of an abused derivative alien under the such section 101(a)(15) under which the principal alien was admitted for the longer of— ‘‘(A) the same period of time for which the principal was initially admitted; or ‘‘(B) a period of 3 years; ‘‘(2) may renew a grant or extension of sta-tus made under paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) shall grant employment authorization to an abused derivative alien; and ‘‘(4) may adjust the status of the abused derivative alien to that of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if— ‘‘(A) the alien is admissible under section 212(a) or the Secretary of Homeland Security finds the alien’s continued presence in the United States is justified on humanitarian grounds, to ensure family unity, or is other-wise in the public interest; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00186 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.037 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1115 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(B) the status under which the principal alien was admitted to the United States would have potentially allowed for eventual adjustment of status. ‘‘(c) E
FFECT OF TERMINATION OF RELATION -
SHIP.—Termination of the relationship with principal alien shall not affect the status of an abused derivative alien under this section if battery or extreme cruelty by the prin-cipal alien was 1 central reason for termi-nation of the relationship. ‘‘(d) P
ROCEDURES .—Requests for relief under this section shall be handled under the procedures that apply to aliens seeking relief under section 204(a)(1)(C).’’. (2) T
ABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in the first section is amended by striking the item relating to section 106 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 106. Relief for abused derivative aliens.’’. 
SA 2000. Ms. KLOBUCHAR submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. ADDITION OF ELDER ABUSE TO LIST OF PREDICATE CRIMES FOR U VISAS. 
Section 101(a)(15)(U)(iii) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(U)(iii)) is amended by inserting ‘‘elder abuse;’’ after ‘‘stalking;’’. 
SA 2001. Ms. KLOBUCHAR (for her-self and Ms. H
EITKAMP ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: DIVISION l—CONRAD STATE 30 AND PHYSICIAN ACCESS REAUTHORIZATION 
SEC. 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Conrad State 30 and Physician Access Reauthoriza-tion Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CONRAD STATE 30 PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 220(c) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Technical Correc-tions Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–416; 8 U.S.C. 1182 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Sep-tember 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. (b) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if enacted on April 28, 2017. 
SEC. 3. EMPLOYMENT PROTECTIONS FOR PHYSI-CIANS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 214(l)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(l)(1) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Attorney General’’ and in-serting ‘‘Secretary of Homeland Security’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Direc-tor of United States Information Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of State’’; (3) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, ex-cept as provided in paragraphs (7) and (8)’’ before the semicolon at the end; and (4) in subparagraph (C), by striking clauses (i) and (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) the alien demonstrates a bona fide offer of full-time employment at a health fa-cility or health care organization, which em-ployment has been determined by the Sec-retary of Homeland Security to be in the public interest; and ‘‘(ii) the alien— ‘‘(I) has accepted employment with the health facility or health care organization in a geographic area or areas which are des-ignated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals; ‘‘(II) begins employment by the later of the date that is— ‘‘(aa) 90 days after receiving such waiver; ‘‘(bb) 90 days after completing graduate medical education or training under a pro-gram approved pursuant to section 212(j)(1); or ‘‘(cc) 90 days after receiving nonimmigrant status or employment authorization, if the alien or the alien’s employer petitions for such nonimmigrant status or employment authorization not later than 90 days after the date on which the alien completes his or her graduate medical education or training under a program approved pursuant to sec-tion 212(j)(1); and ‘‘(III) agrees to continue to work for a total of not less than 3 years in the status authorized for such employment under this subsection unless— ‘‘(aa) the Secretary of Homeland Security determines that extenuating circumstances, including violations by the employer of the employment agreement with the alien or of labor and employment laws, exist that jus-tify a lesser period of employment at such facility or organization, in which case the alien shall demonstrate, not later than 90 days after the employment termination date (unless the Secretary determines that ex-tenuating circumstances would justify an ex-tension), another bona fide offer of employ-ment at a health facility or health care orga-nization in a geographic area or areas which are designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals, for the remainder of such 3-year period; ‘‘(bb) the interested State agency that re-quested the waiver attests that extenuating circumstances including violations by the employer of the employment agreement with the alien or of labor and employment laws, exist that justify a lesser period of employ-ment at such facility or organization in which case the alien shall demonstrate, not later than 90 days after the employment ter-mination date (unless the Secretary deter-mines that extenuating circumstances would justify an extension), another bona fide offer of employment at a health facility or health care organization in a geographic area or areas which are designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals, for the remainder of such 3-year period; or ‘‘(cc) if the alien elects not to pursue a de-termination of extenuating circumstances pursuant to item (aa) or (bb), the alien ter-minates the alien’s employment relationship with such facility or organization, in which case the alien shall demonstrate, not later than 45 days after the employment termi-nation date, another bona fide offer of em-ployment at a health facility or health care organization in a geographic area or areas, in the State that requested the alien’s waiv-er, which are designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals, and agree to be employed for the remainder of such 3-year period, and 1 additional year for each termination under this subclause; and’’. (b) A
LLOWABLE VISASTATUS FOR PHYSI-
CIANS FULFILLING WAIVER REQUIREMENTS IN  M
EDICALLY UNDERSERVED AREAS .—Section 214(l)(2) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(l)(2)) is amended by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) Upon the request of an interested Fed-eral agency or an interested State agency for recommendation of a waiver under this sec-tion by a physician who is maintaining valid nonimmigrant status under section 101(a)(15)(J) and a favorable recommendation by the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security may change the status of such physician to that of an alien described in section 101(a)(15)(H)(i)(B). The numerical limitations contained in subsection (g)(1)(A) shall not apply to any alien whose status is changed under this subparagraph.’’. (c) VIOLATION OF AGREEMENTS .—Section 214(l)(3)(A) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(l)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘substantial re-quirement of an’’ before ‘‘agreement entered into’’. (d) P
HYSICIAN EMPLOYMENT IN UNDER -
SERVED AREAS .—Section 214(l) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(l)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4)(A) If an interested State agency denies the application for a waiver under paragraph (1)(B) from a physician pursuing graduate medical education or training pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(J) because the State has re-quested the maximum number of waivers permitted for that fiscal year, the physi-cian’s nonimmigrant status shall be ex-tended for up to 6 months if the physician agrees to seek a waiver under this subsection (except for paragraph (1)(D)(ii)) to work for an employer described in paragraph (1)(C) in a State that has not yet requested the max-imum number of waivers. ‘‘(B) Such physician shall be authorized to work only for the employer referred to in subparagraph (A) from the date on which a new waiver application is filed with such State until the earlier of— ‘‘(i) the date on which the Secretary of Homeland Security denies such waiver; or ‘‘(ii) the date on which the Secretary ap-proves an application for change of status under paragraph (2)(A) pursuant to the ap-proval of such waiver.’’. (e) C
ONTRACT REQUIREMENTS .—Section 214(l) of such Act, as amended by subsection (d), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) An alien granted a waiver under para-graph (1)(C) shall enter into an employment agreement with the contracting health facil-ity or health care organization that— ‘‘(A) specifies the maximum number of on- call hours per week (which may be a month-ly average) that the alien will be expected to be available and the compensation the alien will receive for on-call time; ‘‘(B) specifies— ‘‘(i) whether the contracting facility or or-ganization will pay the alien’s malpractice insurance premiums; ‘‘(ii) whether the employer will provide malpractice insurance; and ‘‘(iii) the amount of such insurance that will be provided; ‘‘(C) describes all of the work locations that the alien will work and includes a state-ment that the contracting facility or organi-zation will not add additional work locations without the approval of the Federal agency or State agency that requested the waiver; and ‘‘(D) does not include a non-compete provi-sion. ‘‘(6) An alien granted a waiver under this subsection whose employment relationship with a health facility or health care organi-zation terminates under paragraph (1)(C)(ii) during the 3-year service period required under paragraph (1) shall be considered to be maintaining lawful status in an authorized period of stay during the 90-day period re-ferred to in items (aa) and (bb) of subclause 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 06:02 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00187 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.037 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1116 February 14, 2018 
(III) of paragraph (1)(C)(ii) or the 45-day pe-riod referred to in subclause (III)(cc) of such paragraph.’’. (f) R
ECAPTURING WAIVER SLOTS LOST TO  O
THER STATES .—Section 214(l) of such Act, as amended by subsections (d) and (e), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) If a recipient of a waiver under this subsection terminates the recipient’s em-ployment with a health facility or health care organization pursuant to paragraph (1)(C)(ii), including termination of employ-ment because of circumstances described in paragraph (1)(C)(ii)(III), and accepts new em-ployment with such a facility or organiza-tion in a different State, the State from which the alien is departing may be accorded an additional waiver by the Secretary of State for use in the fiscal year in which the alien’s employment was terminated.’’. 
SEC. 4. ALLOTMENT OF CONRAD 30 WAIVERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 214(l) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(l)), as amended by section 3, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8)(A)(i) All States shall be allotted a total of 35 waivers under paragraph (1)(B) for a fiscal year if 90 percent of the waivers available to the States receiving at least 5 waivers were used in the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) When an allotment occurs under clause (i), all States shall be allotted an ad-ditional 5 waivers under paragraph (1)(B) for each subsequent fiscal year if 90 percent of the waivers available to the States receiving at least 5 waivers were used in the previous fiscal year. If the States are allotted 45 or more waivers for a fiscal year, the States will only receive an additional increase of 5 waivers the following fiscal year if 95 percent of the waivers available to the States receiv-ing at least 1 waiver were used in the pre-vious fiscal year. ‘‘(B) Any increase in allotments under sub-paragraph (A) shall be maintained indefi-nitely, unless in a fiscal year, the total num-ber of such waivers granted is 5 percent lower than in the last year in which there was an increase in the number of waivers al-lotted pursuant to this paragraph, in which case— ‘‘(i) the number of waivers allotted shall be decreased by 5 for all States beginning in the next fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) each additional 5 percent decrease in such waivers granted from the last year in which there was an increase in the allot-ment, shall result in an additional decrease of 5 waivers allotted for all States, provided that the number of waivers allotted for all States shall not drop below 30.’’. (b) A
CADEMIC MEDICAL CENTERS .—Section 214(l)(1)(D) of such Act is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) in the case of a request by an inter-ested State agency— ‘‘(I) the head of such agency determines that the alien is to practice medicine in, or be on the faculty of a residency program at, an academic medical center (as that term is defined in section 411.355(e)(2) of title 42, Code of Federal Regulations, or similar suc-cessor regulation), without regard to wheth-er such facility is located within an area des-ignated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals; and ‘‘(II) the head of such agency determines that— ‘‘(aa) the alien physician’s work is in the public interest; and ‘‘(bb) the grant of such waiver would not cause the number of the waivers granted on behalf of aliens for such State for a fiscal year (within the limitation in subparagraph (B) and subject to paragraph (6)) in accord-ance with the conditions of this clause to ex-ceed 3.’’. SEC. 5. AMENDMENTS TO THE PROCEDURES, DEFINITIONS, AND OTHER PROVI-SIONS RELATED TO PHYSICIAN IM-MIGRATION. 
(a) V ISAELIGIBILITY .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall amend guidance in the Foreign Affairs Manual to clarify that the expression of a future inten-tion to seek a waiver under section 214(l) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(l)) by an alien coming to the United States to receive graduate medical education or training, as described in section 212(j) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(j)), or to take examinations required to receive such grad-uate medical education or training, shall not, by itself, constitute evidence of an in-tention to abandon a foreign residence for purposes of obtaining a visa as a non-immigrant or otherwise obtaining or main-taining the status of a nonimmigrant. (b) A
PPLICABILITY OF SECTION 212(e) TO S
POUSES AND CHILDREN OF J–1 E XCHANGE  V
ISITORS .—Section 212(e) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(e)) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ after ‘‘(e)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following ‘‘(2) A spouse or child of an exchange vis-itor described in section 101(a)(15)(J) shall not be subject to the requirements under this subsection solely on account of such spouse or child’s derivative nonimmigrant status to an exchange visitor who is subject to the requirements under this subsection.’’. 
SA 2002. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION OF BORDER BARRIERS ON NATIONAL PARK SYSTEM LAND. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no wall or other physical barrier may be constructed on the international border be-tween the United States and Mexico in a unit of the National Park System. 
SA 2003. Mr. MARKEY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. APPROPRIATION FOR INTERDICT ACT. 
There are appropriated to the Commis-sioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion for fiscal year 2019 $15,000,000 to carry out the INTERDICT Act (Public Law 115– 112). 
SA 2004. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to un-subsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS FOR INDONESIANS LIVING IN THE UNITED STATES FOR MORE THAN 10 YEARS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the status of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who is inadmis-sible or deportable from the United States or is in temporary protected status under sec-tion 244 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1254a), if— (1) the alien has been continuously phys-ically present in the United States since the date that is 10 years before the date of the enactment of this Act; (2) the alien is a citizen of Indonesia; (3) the alien is a member of a religious mi-nority in Indonesia; and (4) the alien— (A) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)); (B) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and (C) has not been convicted of— (i) any offense under Federal or State law, other than a State offense for which an es-sential element is the alien’s immigration status, that is punishable by a maximum term of imprisonment of more than 1 year; or (ii) 3 or more offenses under Federal or State law, other than State offenses for which an essential element is the alien’s im-migration status, for which the alien was convicted on different dates for each of the 3 offenses and imprisoned for an aggregate of 90 days or more. 
SA 2005. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , and Ms. H ASSAN ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ELIMINATION OF ONE-YEAR FILING DEADLINE FOR ASYLUM APPLICA-TIONS. 
Section 208(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1158(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or the Secretary of Homeland Security’’ after ‘‘Attorney General’’ both places the term ap-pears; (2) by striking subparagraphs (B) and (D); (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (4) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subparagraph (D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (C) and (D)’’; and (5) by inserting after subparagraph (B), as redesignated, the following new subpara-graphs: ‘‘(C) C
HANGED CIRCUMSTANCES .—Notwith- standing subparagraph (B), an application for asylum of an alien may be considered if the alien demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Attorney General or the Secretary of Homeland Security, the existence of changed circumstances that materially affect the ap-plicant’s eligibility for asylum. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00188 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.038 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1117 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(D) M OTION TO REOPEN CERTAIN MERI -
TORIOUS CLAIMS .—Notwithstanding subpara-graph (B) or section 240(c)(7), an alien may file a motion to reopen an asylum claim if the alien— ‘‘(i) was denied asylum based solely upon a failure to meet the 1-year application filing deadline in effect on the date on which the application was filed; ‘‘(ii) was granted withholding of removal pursuant to section 241(b)(3) and has not ob-tained lawful permanent residence in the United States pursuant to any other provi-sion of law; ‘‘(iii) is not subject to the safe third coun-try exception under subparagraph (A) or a bar to asylum under subsection (b)(2) and should not be denied asylum as a matter of discretion; and ‘‘(iv) is physically present in the United States when the motion is filed.’’. 
SA 2006. Mrs. SHAHEEN (for herself and Ms. H
ASSAN ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Inter-nal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to un-subsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE FOR QUALIFIED INDONESIANS LIV-ING IN THE UNITED STATES FOR MORE THAN 10 YEARS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 244A. PROVISIONAL PROTECTED PRES-ENCE FOR QUALIFIED INDONESIANS LIVING IN THE UNITED STATES FOR MORE THAN 10 YEARS. 
‘‘(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary— ‘‘(1) shall grant provisional protected pres-ence to an alien who files an application demonstrating that he or she meets the eli-gibility criteria under subsection (b) and pays the appropriate application fee; and ‘‘(2) shall provide such alien with employ-ment authorization. ‘‘(b) E
LIGIBILITY CRITERIA .—An alien is eli-gible for provisional protected presence under this section and employment author-ization if— ‘‘(1) the alien has been continuously phys-ically present in the United States since the date that is 10 years before the date of the enactment of this section; ‘‘(2) the alien is a citizen of Indonesia; ‘‘(3) the alien is a member of a religious minority in Indonesia; and ‘‘(4) the alien— ‘‘(A) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a) of this Act; ‘‘(B) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and ‘‘(C) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(i) any offense under Federal or State law, other than a State offense for which an essential element is the alien’s immigration status, that is punishable by a maximum term of imprisonment of more than 1 year; or ‘‘(ii) 3 or more offenses under Federal or State law, other than State offenses for which an essential element is the alien’s im-migration status, for which the alien was convicted on different dates for each of the 3 offenses and imprisoned for an aggregate of 90 days or more. ‘‘(c) DURATION OF PROVISIONAL PROTECTED  P
RESENCE AND EMPLOYMENT AUTHORIZA -
TION.—Provisional protected presence and the employment authorization provided under this section shall be effective until the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this section. ‘‘(d) S
TATUS DURING PERIOD OF PROVI-
SIONAL PROTECTED PRESENCE .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien granted provi-sional protected presence is not considered to be unlawfully present in the United States during the period beginning on the date such status is granted and ending on the date de-scribed in subsection (c). ‘‘(2) S
TATUS OUTSIDE PERIOD .—The granting of provisional protected presence under this section does not excuse previous or subse-quent periods of unlawful presence.’’. (b) C
LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Immigration and Nation-ality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 244 the following: ‘‘Sec. 244A. Provisional protected presence for Indonesians living in the United States for more than 10 years.’’. 
SA 2007. Mrs. MURRAY (for herself, Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO , and Mr. L EAHY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. ELIMINATION OF NUMERICAL LIMITA-TION ON U VISAS. 
Section 214(p) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184(p)) is amended by striking paragraph (2). 
SA 2008. Mrs. MURRAY submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON SHACKLING, CHAIN-ING, AND RESTRAINING PREGNANT WOMEN IN DETENTION. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) A
PPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CON -
GRESS .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Com-mittee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; and (B) Committee on the Judiciary and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) D
ETAINEE .—The term ‘‘detainee’’ in-cludes any adult or juvenile person detained by any Federal, State, or local law enforce-ment agency (including under contract or agreement with such agency) under the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.). (3) D
ETENTION FACILITY .—The term ‘‘deten-tion facility’’ means a Federal, State, or local government facility, or a privately owned and operated facility, that is used, in whole or in part, to hold individuals under the authority of the Director of U.S. Immi-gration and Customs Enforcement or the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection, including facilities that hold such individuals under a contract or agree-ment with the Director or Commissioner, or that is used, in whole or in part, to hold indi-viduals pursuant to an immigration de-tainer. (4) FACILITY ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘facility administrator’’ means the official that is responsible for oversight of a deten-tion facility or the designee of such official. (5) P
OSTPARTUM RECOVERY .—The term ‘‘postpartum recovery’’ means the 6-week pe-riod, or longer as determined by her health care provider, following delivery, including the entire period a woman is in the hospital or infirmary after birth. (6) R
ESTRAINT .—The term ‘‘restraint’’ means any physical restraint or mechanical device used to control the movement of a de-tainee’s body or limbs, including flex cuffs, soft restraints, hard metal handcuffs, a black box, Chubb cuffs, leg irons, belly chains, a se-curity (tether) chain, or a convex shield. (b) P
ROHIBITION ON RESTRAINT OF PREGNANT  D
ETAINEES .— (1) P
ROHIBITION .—A detention facility shall not use restraints on a detainee known to be pregnant, including during labor, transport to a medical facility or birthing center, de-livery, and postpartum recovery, unless the facility administrator makes an individual-ized determination that the detainee pre-sents an extraordinary circumstance as de-scribed in paragraph (2). (2) E
XTRAORDINARY CIRCUMSTANCE .—Re- straints for an extraordinary circumstance are only permitted if a lead medical staff who is a licensed health care provider has di-rected the use of restraints for medical rea-sons or if the facility administrator makes an individualized determination that— (A) credible, reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and serious threat of hurting herself, staff or others; or (B) reasonable grounds exist to believe the detainee presents an immediate and credible risk of escape that cannot be reasonably minimized through any other method. (3) R
EQUIREMENT FOR LEAST RESTRICTIVE  
RESTRAINTS .—In the rare event that one of the extraordinary circumstances in para-graph (2) applies, only the least restrictive restraints necessary shall be used, except that— (A) if a doctor, nurse, or other health pro-fessional treating the detainee requests that restraints not be used, the detention officer accompanying the detainee shall imme-diately remove all restraints; (B) under no circumstance shall leg, waist, or four point restraints be used; (C) under no circumstance shall wrist re-straints be used to bind the detainee’s hands behind her back or to another person; and (D) under no circumstances shall any re-straints be used on any detainee in labor or delivery. (4) R
ECORD OF EXTRAORDINARY CIR -
CUMSTANCES .— (A) R
EQUIREMENT .—If restraints are used on a detainee pursuant to paragraph (2), the facility administrator shall make a written finding within 10 days as to the extraor-dinary circumstance that dictated the use of the restraints. (B) R
ETENTION .—A written finding made under subparagraph (A) shall be kept on file by the detention facility for at least 5 years and be made available for public inspection, except that no individually identifying infor-mation of any detainee shall be made public without the detainee’s prior written consent. (c) P
ROHIBITION ON PRESENCE OF DETENTION  O
FFICERS .—Upon a detainee’s admission to a 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00189 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.038 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1118 February 14, 2018 
medical facility or birthing center, no deten-tion officer shall be present in the room dur-ing a pelvic exam, labor, delivery, or treat-ment of other symptoms related to preg-nancy, unless specifically requested by med-ical personnel. If a detention officer’s pres-ence is requested by medical personnel, the detention officer shall be female, if prac-ticable, and remain near the detainee’s head to protect her privacy. If restraints are used on a detainee pursuant to subsection (b)(2), a detention officer shall remain immediately outside the room at all times so that the of-ficer may promptly remove the restraints if requested by medical personnel, as required by subsection (b)(3)(A). (d) T
REATMENT OF PREGNANT WOMEN .— With regard to pregnant detainees: (1) P
RESUMPTION OF RELEASE .—Absent ex-traordinary circumstances of the pregnant woman being a threat to herself or others or subject to mandatory detention, the United States Government shall not detain preg-nant women. (2) M
ANDATED REVIEW .—For any pregnant detainee held in detention who satisfies the requirements of paragraph (1), the United States Government shall conduct a review, not less than weekly, to determine if the pregnant detainee continues to be a threat to herself or others or subject to mandatory detention, and release any such pregnant de-tainee that does not satisfy these conditions. (3) A
CCESS TO SERVICES .—A pregnant de-tainee in custody shall have access to health care services, including services related to reproductive health care and pregnancy such as routine or specialized prenatal care, preg-nancy testing, comprehensive counseling and assistance, postpartum follow-up, and lacta-tion services. (e) A
NNUAL REPORTS .— (1) R
EPORTS BY FACILITY ADMINISTRATORS .— Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year, the facility administrator of each detention facility that detained a preg-nant detainee shall submit to the Secretary a written report that includes, with respect to the previous fiscal year, the following: (A) An account of every instance of the use of restraints on pregnant detainees, includ-ing the justification for such restraint and the name of the facility administrator who made the individualized determination under subsection (b)(1). (B) The number of pregnant detainees. (C) The average length of detention of pregnant detainee. (D) The number of pregnant detainees de-tained longer than 15 days. (E) The number of pregnant detainees de-tained longer than 30 days. (2) A
UDIT AND REPORTS BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, the Secretary shall— (A) complete an audit of the information submitted under subparagraphs (B) through (F) of paragraph (1); and (B) submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report that includes all of the information submitted to the Secretary under paragraph (1), disaggregated by facil-ity. (3) P
RIVACY .—No report submitted under this subsection may contain any individually identifying information of any detainee. No report submitted under this subsection that is made available for public inspection may contain the name of the facility adminis-trator otherwise included under paragraph (1)(A). (4) P
UBLIC INSPECTION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), each report submitted under this subsection shall be made avail-able for public inspection. (f) R
ULEMAKING .—The Secretary shall adopt regulations or policies to carry out this section at every detention facility. SA 2009. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO (for herself, Mr. L
EAHY , and Mrs. M URRAY ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by her to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. PROHIBITION ON REMOVAL OF CER-TAIN VICTIMS WITH PENDING PETI-TIONS AND APPLICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 235 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1225) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) P
ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  V
ICTIMS WITHPENDING PETITIONS AND APPLI-
CATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien described in paragraph (2) shall not be ordered removed under this section until there is a final ad-ministrative denial of the application for ad-mission after the exhaustion of administra-tive appeals. ‘‘(2) A
LIENS DESCRIBED .—An alien is de-scribed in this paragraph if the alien— ‘‘(A) has a pending application under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(T), 101(a)(15)(U), 106, 240A(b)(2), or 244(a)(3) (as in effect on March 31, 1997); or ‘‘(B) is a VAWA self-petitioner, as defined in section 101(a)(51), with a pending applica-tion for relief under a provision referred to in any of subparagraphs (A) through (G) of such section. ‘‘(3) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in a case in which the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services deter-mines that the alien is prima facie ineligible for admission for any of the reasons de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 241(b)(3)(B).’’. (b) A
DMINISTRATIVE STAYS OF REMOVAL FOR  A
PPLICANTS FOR CERTAIN NONIMMIGRANT STA-
TUS.—Section 237(d)(1) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(d)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d)(1) The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services shall make a deter-mination whether an application for non-immigrant status under subparagraph (T) or (U) of section 101(a)(15) filed for an alien in the United States sets forth a prima facie case for approval, and, if so, the Secretary shall grant the alien an administrative stay of a final order of removal under section 241(c)(2) until— ‘‘(A) the application for nonimmigrant sta-tus under such subparagraph (T) or (U) is ap-proved; or ‘‘(B) there is a final administrative denial of the application for such nonimmigrant status after the exhaustion of administrative appeals.’’. (c) E
XPEDITED REMOVAL OF ALIENS CON-
VICTED OF AGGRAVATED FELONIES .—Section 238 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1228) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) P
ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  V
ICTIMS WITHPENDING PETITIONS AND APPLI-
CATIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An alien described in paragraph (2) shall not be ordered removed under this section until there is a final ad-ministrative order of removal after the ex-haustion of administrative appeals. ‘‘(2) A
LIENS DESCRIBED .—An alien is de-scribed in this paragraph if the alien— ‘‘(A) has a pending application under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(T), 101(a)(15)(U), 106, 240A(b)(2), or 244(a)(3) (as in effect on March 31, 1997); or ‘‘(B) is a VAWA self-petitioner, as defined in section 101(a)(51),with a pending applica-tion for relief under a provision referred to in any of subparagraphs (A) through (G) of such section. ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in a case in which the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services deter-mines that the alien is prima facie ineligible for admission for any of the reasons de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 241(b)(3)(B).’’. (d) D
ETENTION AND REMOVAL OF ALIENS OR-
DERED REMOVED .—Section 241(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1231(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) P
ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  
VICTIMS WITH PENDING PETITIONS AND APPLICA -
TIONS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien described in subparagraph (B) shall not be removed under this section until there is a final administra-tive order of removal after the exhaustion of administrative appeals. ‘‘(B) A
LIENS DESCRIBED .—An alien is de-scribed in this paragraph if the alien— ‘‘(i) has a pending application under sec-tion 101(a)(15)(T), 101(a)(15)(U), 106, 240A(b)(2), or 244(a)(3) (as in effect on March 31, 1997); or ‘‘(ii) is a VAWA self-petitioner, as defined in section 101(a)(51),with a pending applica-tion for relief under a provision referred to in one of subparagraphs (A) through (G) of such section. ‘‘(C) E
XCEPTION .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply in a case in which the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services deter-mines that the alien is prima facie ineligible for admission for any of the reasons de-scribed in clauses (i) through (iv) of section 241(b)(3)(B).’’. 
SA 2010. Mr. ROUNDS (for himself, Mr. K
ING, Ms. C OLLINS , Mr. M ANCHIN , Mr. G
RAHAM , Mr. K AINE, Mr. F LAKE , Mr. C
OONS , Mr. G ARDNER , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. M URKOWSKI , Mrs. S HA-
HEEN , Mr. A LEXANDER , Ms. K LOBUCHAR , Mr. I
SAKSON , and Mr. W ARNER ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and in-sert the following: 
SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Immigration Security and Opportunity Act’’. 
SEC. 2. CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL AND AD-JUSTMENT OF STATUS FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO EN-TERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 4 of title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1221 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 244A. CANCELLATION OF REMOVAL FOR CERTAIN LONG-TERM RESIDENTS WHO ENTERED THE UNITED STATES AS CHILDREN. 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) A
PPLICABLE FEDERAL TAX LIABILITY .— The term ‘applicable Federal tax liability’ means liability for Federal taxes imposed under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in-cluding any penalties and interest on Fed-eral taxes imposed under that Code. ‘‘(2) A
RMED FORCES .—The term ‘Armed Forces’ has the meaning given the term ‘armed forces’ in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(3) DACA.—The term ‘DACA’ means the deferred action for childhood arrivals policy described in the memorandum issued by the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00190 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.039 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1119 February 14, 2018 
Secretary dated June 15, 2012 (rescinded on September 5, 2017). ‘‘(4) DACA 
RECIPIENT .—The term ‘DACA re-cipient’ means an alien who was granted and remained in deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(5) D
ISABILITY .—The term ‘disability’ has the meaning given the term in section 3(1) of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12102(1)). ‘‘(6) E
ARLY CHILDHOOD EDUCATION PRO -
GRAM .—The term ‘early childhood education program’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1003). ‘‘(7) E
LEMENTARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘ele-mentary school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(8) F
ELONY .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘felony’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense punishable by imprisonment for a term that exceeds 1 year. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘felony’ does not include a State or local criminal offense for which an essential element is the immi-gration status of an alien. ‘‘(9) H
IGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Edu-cation Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(10) I
NSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002). ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ does not include an insti-tution of higher education outside the United States. ‘‘(11) M
ISDEMEANOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal of-fense for which— ‘‘(i) the maximum term of imprisonment is— ‘‘(I) greater than 5 days; and ‘‘(II) not greater than 1 year; and ‘‘(ii) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. ‘‘(B) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘misdemeanor’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is— ‘‘(i) the immigration status of the alien; ‘‘(ii) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(iii) a minor traffic offense. ‘‘(12) P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS ON A  
CONDITIONAL BASIS .—The term ‘permanent resident status on a conditional basis’ means status as an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis under this section. ‘‘(13) P
OVERTY LINE .—The term ‘poverty line’ has the meaning given the term in sec-tion 673 of the Community Services Block Grant Act (42 U.S.C. 9902). ‘‘(14) S
ECONDARY SCHOOL .—The term ‘sec-ondary school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801). ‘‘(15) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(16) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense— ‘‘(i) for which the maximum term of im-prisonment is— ‘‘(I) more than 5 days; and ‘‘(II) not more than 1 year; and ‘‘(ii)(I) that, regardless of the sentence im-posed, is— ‘‘(aa) a crime of domestic violence (as de-fined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)); or ‘‘(bb) an offense of— ‘‘(AA) sexual abuse or exploitation; ‘‘(BB) burglary; ‘‘(CC) unlawful possession or use of a fire-arm; ‘‘(DD) drug distribution or trafficking; or ‘‘(EE) driving under the influence, if the applicable State law requires, as elements of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alco-hol content equal to or greater than .08; or ‘‘(II) that resulted in a sentence of time in custody of more than 90 days. ‘‘(B) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘significant misdemeanor’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is the immigration status of an alien. ‘‘(17) U
NIFORMED SERVICES .—The term ‘Uni-formed Services’ has the meaning given the term ‘uniformed services’ in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. ‘‘(b) I
NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of, and adjust to the sta-tus of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence on a conditional basis, an alien who is inadmissible to, or deportable from, the United States if— ‘‘(1) the alien is a DACA recipient; or ‘‘(2)(A) the alien has been continuously physically present in the United States since June 15, 2012; ‘‘(B) the alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States; ‘‘(C) subject to subsections (c) and (d), the alien— ‘‘(i) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a); ‘‘(ii) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and ‘‘(iii) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(I) a felony; ‘‘(II) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(III) 3 or more misdemeanors— ‘‘(aa) not occurring on the same date; and ‘‘(bb) not arising out of the same act, omis-sion, or scheme of misconduct; ‘‘(D) the alien— ‘‘(i) has been admitted to an institution of higher education; ‘‘(ii)(I) has earned a high school diploma or a commensurate alternative award from a public or private high school; or ‘‘(II) has obtained— ‘‘(aa) a general education development cer-tificate recognized under State law; or ‘‘(bb) a high school equivalency diploma in the United States; ‘‘(iii) is enrolled in— ‘‘(I) secondary school; or ‘‘(II) an education program assisting stu-dent in— ‘‘(aa) obtaining— ‘‘(AA) a regular high school diploma; or ‘‘(BB) the recognized equivalent of a reg-ular high school diploma; or ‘‘(bb) passing— ‘‘(AA) a general educational development exam; ‘‘(BB) a high school equivalence diploma examination; or ‘‘(CC) any other similar State-authorized exam; or ‘‘(iv)(I) has served, is serving, or has en-listed in the Armed Forces; or ‘‘(II) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Armed Forces, has re-ceived an honorable discharge; ‘‘(E)(i) the alien has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the entire period for which the alien was authorized to work in the United States; or ‘‘(ii) the alien has entered into an agree-ment to pay, through a payment installment plan approved by the Commissioner of Inter-nal Revenue, any applicable Federal tax li-ability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien was author-ized to work in the United States; and ‘‘(F) the alien was under the age of 38 years on June 15, 2012. ‘‘(c) WAIVER .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—With respect to any ben-efit under this section, the Secretary may, on a case-by-case basis, waive a ground of in-admissibility under paragraph (2), (6)(E), (6)(G), or (10)(D) of section 212(a)— ‘‘(A) for humanitarian purposes; or ‘‘(B) if the waiver is otherwise in the public interest. ‘‘(2) Q
UARTERLY REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, and quarterly thereafter, the Sec-retary shall submit to Congress a report that identifies, for the preceding quarter— ‘‘(A) the number of waivers requested by aliens under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) the number of waiver requests granted by the Secretary under that paragraph; and ‘‘(C) the number of waiver requests denied by the Secretary under that paragraph. ‘‘(d) T
REATMENT OF EXPUNGED CONVIC -
TIONS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—An expunged conviction shall not automatically be treated as a con-viction referred to in subsection (b)(2)(C)(iii), (o)(3)(A)(iii), or (p)(1)(A)(i)(III). ‘‘(2) C
ASE-BY-CASE EVALUATION .—The Sec- retary shall evaluate an expunged conviction on a case-by-case basis according to the na-ture and severity of the offense underlying the expunged conviction, based on the record of conviction, to determine whether, under the particular circumstances, the alien is el-igible for cancellation of removal, adjust-ment to permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis, or other adjustment of status. ‘‘(e) DACA R
ECIPIENTS .—With respect to a DACA recipient, the Secretary shall cancel the removal of the DACA recipient and ad-just the status of the DACA recipient to the status of an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on a conditional basis un-less, since the date on which the DACA re-cipient was granted deferred action status under DACA, the DACA recipient has en-gaged in conduct that would render an alien ineligible for deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(f) A
PPLICATION FEE.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(2) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under paragraph (1) only if the alien— ‘‘(A)(i) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(ii) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and ‘‘(iii) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; ‘‘(B) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(C)(i) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(ii) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or ‘‘(D)(i) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, accu-mulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00191 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.040 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1120 February 14, 2018 
the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(ii) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. ‘‘(g) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO-
GRAPHIC DATA.— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not grant an alien permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures estab-lished by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec- retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any alien who is unable to provide the bi-ometric or biographic data referred to in paragraph (1) due to of a physical impair-ment. ‘‘(h) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines appropriate— ‘‘(A) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis; and ‘‘(B) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(2) C
OMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under paragraph (1) shall be completed, to the sat-isfaction of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary grants the alien perma-nent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(3) C
RIMINAL RECORD REQUESTS .—With re- spect to an alien seeking permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall seek to obtain from INTERPOL, EUROPOL, or any other international or na-tional law enforcement agency of the coun-try of nationality, country of citizenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien information about any criminal activ-ity— ‘‘(A) in which the alien engaged in the country of nationality, country of citizen-ship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien; or ‘‘(B) for which the alien was convicted in the country of nationality, country of citi-zenship, or country of last habitual residence of the alien. ‘‘(i) M
EDICAL EXAMINATION .— ‘‘(1) R
EQUIREMENT .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall undergo a medical examination. ‘‘(2) P
OLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—The Sec- retary, with the concurrence of the Sec-retary of Health and Human Services, shall prescribe policies and procedures for the na-ture and timing of the examination required under paragraph (1). ‘‘(j) M
ILITARY SELECTIVE SERVICE .—An alien applying for permanent resident status on a conditional basis under this section shall establish that the alien has registered under the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. 3801 et seq.), if the alien is subject to registration under that Act. ‘‘(k) D
ETERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PRES-
ENCE .— ‘‘(1) T
ERMINATION OF CONTINUOUS PERIOD .— Any period of continuous physical presence in the United States of an alien who applies for permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis under this section shall not ter-minate on the date on which the alien is served a notice to appear under section 239(a). ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN BREAKS IN  
PRESENCE .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraphs (B) and (C), an alien shall be considered to have failed to maintain contin-uous physical presence in the United States if the alien has departed from the United States for any period greater than 90 days or for any periods, in the aggregate, greater than 180 days. ‘‘(B) E
XTENSIONS FOR EXTENUATING CIR -
CUMSTANCES .—The Secretary may extend the time periods described in subparagraph (A) for an alien who demonstrates that the fail-ure to timely return to the United States was due to extenuating circumstances be-yond the control of the alien, including the serious illness of the alien, or death or seri-ous illness of a parent, grandparent, sibling, or child of the alien. ‘‘(C) T
RAVEL AUTHORIZED BY THE SEC -
RETARY .—Any period of travel outside of the United States by an alien that was author-ized by the Secretary may not be counted to-ward any period of departure from the United States under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(l) L
IMITATION ON REMOVAL OF CERTAIN  A
LIENS .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary or the At-torney General may not remove an alien who appears prima facie eligible for relief under this section. ‘‘(2) A
LIENS SUBJECT TO REMOVAL .—With re- spect to an alien who is in removal pro-ceedings, the subject of a final removal order, or the subject of a voluntary depar-ture order, the Attorney General shall pro-vide the alien with a reasonable opportunity to apply for relief under this section. ‘‘(m) C
ERTAIN ALIENS ENROLLED IN ELEMEN -
TARY OR SECONDARY SCHOOL .— ‘‘(1) S
TAY OF REMOVAL .—The Attorney Gen-eral shall stay the removal proceedings of an alien who— ‘‘(A) meets all the requirements described in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of sub-section (b)(2), subject to subsections (c) and (d); ‘‘(B) is at least 5 years of age; and ‘‘(C) is enrolled in an elementary school, a secondary school, or an early childhood edu-cation program. ‘‘(2) C
OMMENCEMENT OF REMOVAL PRO -
CEEDINGS .—The Secretary may not com-mence removal proceedings for an alien de-scribed in paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) E
MPLOYMENT .—An alien whose re-moval is stayed pursuant to paragraph (1) or who may not be placed in removal pro-ceedings pursuant to paragraph (2) shall, on application to the Secretary, be granted an employment authorization document. ‘‘(4) L
IFT OF STAY .—The Secretary or At-torney General may not lift the stay granted to an alien under paragraph (1) unless the alien ceases to meet the requirements under that paragraph. ‘‘(n) E
XEMPTION FROM NUMERICAL LIMITA -
TIONS .—Nothing in this section or in any other law applies a numerical limitation on the number of aliens who may be granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(o) T
ERMS OF PERMANENT RESIDENT STA-
TUS ON A CONDITIONAL BASIS.— ‘‘(1) P
ERIOD OF STATUS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis is— ‘‘(i) subject to subparagraph (B), valid for a period of 7 years; and ‘‘(ii) subject to termination under para-graph (3). ‘‘(B) E
XTENSION AUTHORIZED .—The Sec-retary may extend the period described in subparagraph (A)(i). ‘‘(2) N
OTICE OF REQUIREMENTS .—At the time an alien obtains permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the Secretary shall provide notice to the alien regarding the pro-visions of this section and the requirements to have the conditional basis of that status removed. ‘‘(3) TERMINATION OF STATUS .—The Sec- retary may terminate the permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis of an alien only if the Secretary— ‘‘(A) subject to subsections (c) and (d), de-termines that the alien— ‘‘(i) is inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a); ‘‘(ii) has ordered, incited, assisted, or oth-erwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, nation-ality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; or ‘‘(iii) has been convicted of— ‘‘(I) a felony; ‘‘(II) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(III) 3 or more misdemeanors— ‘‘(aa) not occurring on the same date; and ‘‘(bb) not arising out of the same act, omis-sion, or scheme of misconduct; and ‘‘(B) prior to the termination, provides the alien— ‘‘(i) notice of the proposed termination; and ‘‘(ii) the opportunity for a hearing to pro-vide evidence that the alien meets the re-quirements or otherwise contest the termi-nation. ‘‘(4) R
ETURN TO PREVIOUS IMMIGRATION STA -
TUS.—The immigration status of an alien whose permanent resident status on a condi-tional basis expires under paragraph (1)(A)(i) or is terminated under paragraph (3) or whose application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis is denied shall return to the immigration status of the alien on the day before the date on which the alien received permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis or applied for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis, as appro-priate. ‘‘(p) R
EMOVAL OF CONDITIONAL BASIS OF  P
ERMANENT RESIDENT STATUS .— ‘‘(1) E
LIGIBILITY FOR REMOVAL OF CONDI -
TIONAL BASIS .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall remove the condi-tional basis of the permanent resident status of an alien granted under this section and grant the alien status as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence if the alien— ‘‘(i) subject to subsections (c) and (d)— ‘‘(I) is not inadmissible under paragraph (2), (3), (6)(E), (6)(G), (8), (10)(A), (10)(C), or (10)(D) of section 212(a); ‘‘(II) has not ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the persecution of any person on account of race, religion, na-tionality, membership in a particular social group, or political opinion; and ‘‘(III) has not been convicted of— ‘‘(aa) a felony; ‘‘(bb) a significant misdemeanor; or ‘‘(cc) 3 or more misdemeanors— ‘‘(AA) not occurring on the same date; and ‘‘(BB) not arising out of the same act, omission, or scheme of misconduct; ‘‘(ii) has not abandoned the residence of the alien in the United States; ‘‘(iii)(I) has acquired a degree from an in-stitution of higher education or has com-pleted at least 2 years, in good standing, in a program for a bachelor’s degree or higher degree in the United States; ‘‘(II)(aa) has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years; or ‘‘(bb) in the case of an alien who has been discharged from the Uniformed Services, has received an honorable discharge; or ‘‘(III) has been employed for periods total-ing at least 3 years and at least 75 percent of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00192 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.040 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1121 February 14, 2018 
the time that the alien has had a valid em-ployment authorization, except that any pe-riod during which the alien is not employed while having a valid employment authoriza-tion and is enrolled in an institution of high-er education, a secondary school, or an edu-cation program described in subsection (b)(2)(D)(iii), shall not count toward the time requirements under this clause; ‘‘(iv)(I) has paid any applicable Federal tax liability incurred by the alien during the en-tire period for which the alien has been in permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or ‘‘(II) has entered into an agreement to pay the applicable Federal tax liability through a payment installment plan approved by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and ‘‘(v) has demonstrated good moral char-acter during the entire period for which the alien has been in permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(B) C
ITIZENSHIP REQUIREMENT .—The condi-tional basis of the permanent resident status granted to an alien under this section may not be removed unless the alien dem-onstrates that the alien satisfies the require-ments of section 312(a). ‘‘(C) A
PPLICATION FEE .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien applying for lawful permanent resident status under this subsection to pay a reasonable fee that is commensurate with the cost of processing the application. ‘‘(ii) E
XEMPTION .—An applicant may be ex-empted from paying the fee required under clause (i) only if the alien— ‘‘(I)(aa) is younger than 18 years of age; ‘‘(bb) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; and ‘‘(cc) is in foster care or otherwise lacking any parental or other familial support; ‘‘(II) is younger than 18 years of age and is homeless; ‘‘(III)(aa) cannot care for himself or herself because of a serious, chronic disability; and ‘‘(bb) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line; or ‘‘(IV)(aa) during the 1-year period imme-diately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, the alien accumulated $10,000 or more in debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an immediate family member of the alien; and ‘‘(bb) received total income, during the 1- year period immediately preceding the date on which the alien files an application under this section, that is less than 150 percent of the poverty line. ‘‘(D) S
UBMISSION OF BIOMETRIC AND BIO -
GRAPHIC DATA .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not remove the conditional basis of the perma-nent resident status of an alien unless the alien submits biometric and biographic data, in accordance with procedures established by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) A
LTERNATIVE PROCEDURE .—The Sec- retary shall provide an alternative procedure for any applicant who is unable to provide the biometric or biographic data referred to in clause (i) due to physical impairment. ‘‘(E) B
ACKGROUND CHECKS .— ‘‘(i) R
EQUIREMENT FOR BACKGROUND  
CHECKS .—The Secretary shall use biometric, biographic, and other data that the Sec-retary determines to be appropriate— ‘‘(I) to conduct security and law enforce-ment background checks of an alien apply-ing for removal of the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien; and ‘‘(II) to determine whether there is any criminal, national security, or other factor that would render the alien ineligible for re-moval of the conditional basis of the perma-nent resident status of the alien. ‘‘(ii) COMPLETION OF BACKGROUND CHECKS .— The security and law enforcement back-ground checks of an alien required under clause (i) shall be completed, to the satisfac-tion of the Secretary, before the date on which the Secretary removes the conditional basis of the permanent resident status of the alien. ‘‘(2) N
ATURALIZATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—For purposes of title III, an alien granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis shall be considered to have been admitted to the United States, and to be present in the United States, as an alien lawfully admitted for permanent resi-dence. ‘‘(B) L
IMITATIONS ON APPLICATION FOR NATU -
RALIZATION .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—An alien shall not be nat-uralized— ‘‘(I) on any date on which the alien is in permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or ‘‘(II) subject to clause (iii), before the date that is 12 years after the date on which the alien was granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(ii) A
DVANCED FILING DATE .—Subject to clause (iii), with respect to an alien granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis, the alien may file an application for naturalization not more than 90 days before the date that is 12 years after the date on which the alien was granted permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis. ‘‘(iii) R
EDUCTION IN PERIOD .— ‘‘(I) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subclause (II), the 12-year period referred to in clause (i)(II) and clause (ii) may be reduced by the number of days on which the alien was a DACA re-cipient, if applicable. ‘‘(II) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding sub-clause (I), the reduction in the 12-year period referred to in clause (i)(II) and clause (ii) shall be not more than 2 years. ‘‘(3) L
IMITATION ON CERTAIN PARENTS .—An alien shall not be eligible to adjust status to that of an alien lawfully admitted for perma-nent residence based on a petition filed by a child or a son or daughter of the alien if— ‘‘(A) the child or son or daughter was granted permanent resident status on a con-ditional basis; and ‘‘(B) the alien knowingly assisted the child or son or daughter to enter the United States unlawfully. ‘‘(q) D
OCUMENTATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING IDENTITY .— An alien’s application for permanent resi-dent status on a conditional basis may in-clude, as proof of identity— ‘‘(A) a passport or national identity docu-ment from the alien’s country of origin that includes the alien’s name and the alien’s photograph or fingerprint; ‘‘(B) the alien’s birth certificate and an identity card that includes the alien’s name and photograph; ‘‘(C) a school identification card that in-cludes the alien’s name and photograph, and school records showing the alien’s name and that the alien is or was enrolled at the school; ‘‘(D) a Uniformed Services identification card issued by the Department of Defense; ‘‘(E) any immigration or other document issued by the United States Government bearing the alien’s name and photograph; or ‘‘(F) a State-issued identification card bearing the alien’s name and photograph. ‘‘(2) DOCUMENTS ESTABLISHING CONTINUOUS  
PHYSICAL PRESENCE IN THE UNITED STATES .— To establish that an alien has been continu-ously physically present in the United States, as required under subsection (b)(2)(A), or to establish that an alien has not abandoned residence in the United States, as required under subsection (p)(1)(A)(ii), the alien may submit documents to the Secretary, including— ‘‘(A) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; ‘‘(B) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; ‘‘(C) records of service from the Uniformed Services; ‘‘(D) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; ‘‘(E) passport entries; ‘‘(F) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; ‘‘(G) automobile license receipts or reg-istration; ‘‘(H) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; ‘‘(I) tax receipts; ‘‘(J) insurance policies; ‘‘(K) remittance records; ‘‘(L) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; ‘‘(M) copies of money order receipts for money sent in or out of the United States; ‘‘(N) dated bank transactions; or ‘‘(O) 2 or more sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien who have direct knowledge of the alien’s contin-uous physical presence in the United States, that contain— ‘‘(i) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and ‘‘(ii) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien. ‘‘(3) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING INITIAL  
ENTRY INTO THE UNITED STATES .—To establish under subsection (b)(2)(B) that an alien was younger than 18 years of age on the date on which the alien initially entered the United States, an alien may submit documents to the Secretary, including— ‘‘(A) an admission stamp on the alien’s passport; ‘‘(B) records from any educational institu-tion the alien has attended in the United States; ‘‘(C) any document from the Department of Justice or the Department of Homeland Se-curity stating the alien’s date of entry into the United States; ‘‘(D) hospital or medical records showing medical treatment or hospitalization, the name of the medical facility or physician, and the date of the treatment or hospitaliza-tion; ‘‘(E) rent receipts or utility bills bearing the alien’s name or the name of an imme-diate family member of the alien, and the alien’s address; ‘‘(F) employment records that include the employer’s name and contact information; ‘‘(G) official records from a religious entity confirming the alien’s participation in a reli-gious ceremony; ‘‘(H) a birth certificate for a child of the alien who was born in the United States; ‘‘(I) automobile license receipts or reg-istration; ‘‘(J) deeds, mortgages, or rental agreement contracts; ‘‘(K) tax receipts; ‘‘(L) travel records; ‘‘(M) copies of money order receipts sent in or out of the country; ‘‘(N) dated bank transactions; ‘‘(O) remittance records; or 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00193 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.040 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1122 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(P) insurance policies. ‘‘(4) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ADMISSION TO  
AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—To es- tablish that an alien has been admitted to an institution of higher education, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a document from the institution of higher education cer-tifying that the alien— ‘‘(A) has been admitted to the institution; or ‘‘(B) is currently enrolled in the institu-tion as a student. ‘‘(5) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF A  
DEGREE FROM AN INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDU -
CATION .—To establish that an alien has ac-quired a degree from an institution of higher education in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary a diploma or other document from the institution stating that the alien has received such a degree. ‘‘(6) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING RECEIPT OF  
HIGH SCHOOL DIPLOMA , GENERAL EDUCATIONAL  
DEVELOPMENT CERTIFICATE , OR A RECOGNIZED  
EQUIVALENT .—To establish that an alien has earned a high school diploma or a commen-surate alternative award from a public or private high school, or has obtained a gen-eral educational development certificate rec-ognized under State law or a high school equivalency diploma in the United States, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) a high school diploma, certificate of completion, or other alternate award; ‘‘(B) a high school equivalency diploma or certificate recognized under State law; or ‘‘(C) evidence that the alien passed a State- authorized exam, including the general edu-cational development exam, in the United States. ‘‘(7) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING ENROLLMENT  
IN AN EDUCATIONAL PROGRAM .—To establish that an alien is enrolled in any school or education program described in subsection (b)(2)(D)(iii), (m)(1)(C), or (p)(1)(A)(iii)(III), the alien shall submit school records from the United States school that the alien is currently attending that include— ‘‘(A) the name of the school; and ‘‘(B) the alien’s name, periods of attend-ance, and current grade or educational level. ‘‘(8) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EXEMPTION  
FROM APPLICATION FEES .—To establish that an alien is exempt from an application fee under subsection (f)(2) or (p)(1)(C)(ii), the alien shall submit to the Secretary the fol-lowing relevant documents: ‘‘(A) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH AGE .—To es- tablish that an alien meets an age require-ment, the alien shall provide proof of iden-tity, as described in paragraph (1), that es-tablishes that the alien is younger than 18 years of age. ‘‘(B) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH INCOME .—To establish the alien’s income, the alien shall provide— ‘‘(i) employment records that have been maintained by the Social Security Adminis-tration, the Internal Revenue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency; ‘‘(ii) bank records; or ‘‘(iii) at least 2 sworn affidavits from indi-viduals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the alien’s work and income that contain— ‘‘(I) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and ‘‘(II) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien. ‘‘(C) D
OCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH FOSTER  
CARE , LACK OF FAMILIAL SUPPORT , HOMELESS -
NESS, OR SERIOUS , CHRONIC DISABILITY .—To establish that the alien was in foster care, lacks parental or familial support, is home-less, or has a serious, chronic disability, the alien shall provide at least 2 sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have direct knowledge of the circumstances that contain— ‘‘(i) a statement that the alien is in foster care, otherwise lacks any parental or other familiar support, is homeless, or has a seri-ous, chronic disability, as appropriate; ‘‘(ii) the name, address, and telephone number of the affiant; and ‘‘(iii) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien. ‘‘(D) DOCUMENTS TO ESTABLISH UNPAID MED -
ICAL EXPENSE .—To establish that the alien has debt as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses, the alien shall provide receipts or other documentation from a medical pro-vider that— ‘‘(i) bear the provider’s name and address; ‘‘(ii) bear the name of the individual re-ceiving treatment; and ‘‘(iii) document that the alien has accumu-lated $10,000 or more in debt in the past 12 months as a result of unreimbursed medical expenses incurred by the alien or an imme-diate family member of the alien. ‘‘(9) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING SERVICE IN  
THE UNIFORMED SERVICES .—To establish that an alien has served in the Uniformed Serv-ices for at least 2 years and, if discharged, re-ceived an honorable discharge, the alien shall submit to the Secretary— ‘‘(A) a Department of Defense form DD-214; ‘‘(B) a National Guard Report of Separa-tion and Record of Service form 22; ‘‘(C) personnel records for such service from the appropriate Uniformed Service; or ‘‘(D) health records from the appropriate Uniformed Service. ‘‘(10) D
OCUMENTS ESTABLISHING EMPLOY -
MENT .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—An alien may satisfy the employment requirement under section (p)(1)(A)(iii)(III) by submitting records that— ‘‘(i) establish compliance with such em-ployment requirement; and ‘‘(ii) have been maintained by the Social Security Administration, the Internal Rev-enue Service, or any other Federal, State, or local government agency. ‘‘(B) O
THER DOCUMENTS .—An alien who is unable to submit the records described in subparagraph (A) may satisfy the employ-ment requirement by submitting at least 2 types of reliable documents that provide evi-dence of employment, including— ‘‘(i) bank records; ‘‘(ii) business records; ‘‘(iii) employer records; ‘‘(iv) records of a labor union, day labor center, or organization that assists workers in employment; ‘‘(v) sworn affidavits from individuals who are not related to the alien and who have di-rect knowledge of the alien’s work, that con-tain— ‘‘(I) the name, address, and telephone num-ber of the affiant; and ‘‘(II) the nature and duration of the rela-tionship between the affiant and the alien; and ‘‘(vi) remittance records. ‘‘(11) A
UTHORITY TO PROHIBIT USE OF CER -
TAIN DOCUMENTS .—If the Secretary deter-mines, after publication in the Federal Reg-ister and an opportunity for public comment, that any document or class of documents does not reliably establish identity or that permanent resident status on a conditional basis is being obtained fraudulently to an unacceptable degree, the Secretary may pro-hibit or restrict the use of such document or class of documents. ‘‘(r) R
ULEMAKING .— ‘‘(1) I
NITIAL PUBLICATION .— ‘‘(A) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register regulations implementing this sec-tion. ‘‘(B) AFFIRMATIVE APPLICATION .—The regu-lations published under subparagraph (A) shall allow any eligible individual to imme-diately apply affirmatively for the relief available under subsection (b) without being placed in removal proceedings. ‘‘(2) I
NTERIM REGULATIONS .—Notwith- standing section 553 of title 5, United States Code, the regulations published pursuant to paragraph (1)(A) shall be effective, on an in-terim basis, immediately on publication in the Federal Register, but may be subject to change and revision after public notice and opportunity for a period of public comment. ‘‘(3) F
INAL REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which interim reg-ulations are published under this subsection, the Secretary shall publish final regulations implementing this section. ‘‘(4) P
APERWORK REDUCTION ACT .—The re- quirements under chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘Paperwork Reduction Act’) shall not apply to any action to implement this sub-section. ‘‘(s) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary may not disclose or use for the purpose of immigra-tion enforcement any information provided in— ‘‘(A) an application filed under this sec-tion; or ‘‘(B) a request for deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(2) R
EFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Sec-retary may not refer to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or any designee of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Customs and Border Protection any in-dividual who— ‘‘(A) has been granted permanent resident status on a conditional basis; or ‘‘(B) was granted deferred action status under DACA. ‘‘(3) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), information provided in an application for permanent resident sta-tus on a conditional basis or a request for de-ferred action status under DACA may be shared with a Federal security or law en-forcement agency— ‘‘(A) for assistance in the consideration of an application for permanent resident status on a conditional basis; ‘‘(B) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; ‘‘(C) for national security purposes; or ‘‘(D) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. ‘‘(4) P
ENALTY .—Any person who knowingly uses, publishes, or permits information to be examined in violation of this subsection shall be fined not more than $10,000.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended by insert-ing after the item relating to section 244 the following: ‘‘Sec. 244A. Cancellation of removal for cer-tain long-term residents who entered the United States as children.’’. 
SEC. 3. REDUCTION OF FAMILY-SPONSORED IM-MIGRANT VISAS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION AGAINST THE SPONSOR OF  U
NMARRIED CHILDREN OLDER THAN 21 Y EARS  
OFAGE BY LAWFUL PERMANENT RESIDENTS .— Section 203(a) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the fol-lowing: ‘‘(2) S
POUSES AND CHILDREN OF ALIENS LAW -
FULLY ADMITTED FOR PERMANENT RESI -
DENCE .— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00194 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.040 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1123 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(A) I N GENERAL .—Qualified immigrants who are the spouse or child of an alien law-fully admitted for permanent residence shall be allocated visas in a number not to exceed the sum of— ‘‘(i) 114,200; ‘‘(ii) the number (if any) by which such worldwide level exceeds 226,000; and ‘‘(iii) the number of visas not required for the class described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) T
RANSITION PERIOD .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall not allocate a visa based on a petition filed by an alien lawfully admitted for per-manent residence on behalf of an unmarried son or daughter under subparagraph (B) (as in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act) after December 31, 2018. ‘‘(ii) S
AVINGS CLAUSE .—The Secretary of State shall allocate a visa to a principal or derivative beneficiary of an approved peti-tion filed by an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence on behalf of a spouse or an unmarried son or daughter under subpara-graph (B) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) before Janu-ary 1, 2019, in accordance with that subpara-graph (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act), if the principal or derivative beneficiary is otherwise eligible for the visa. ‘‘(C) R
ETENTION OF PRIORITY DATE .—In the case of an alien child who is the principal or derivative beneficiary of a petition filed under subparagraph (A) who turns 21 years old before the date on which a visa becomes available, the alien may retain the priority date assigned to the alien under that sub-paragraph for a petition filed under this sub-section.’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 101(a)(15)(V) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; (2) in section 201(f)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1151(f)(2)), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; (3) in section 202— (A) in subsection (a)(8 U.S.C. 1152(a))— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3) and (4)’’ (ii) by striking paragraph (4); and (iii) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘, or as limiting the number of visas that may be issued under section 203(a)(2)(A) pursuant to subsection (a)(4)(A)’’; (4) in section 203(h)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(A) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’; (5) in section 204— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (i) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘if such a child has not been classified under clause (iii) of section 203(a)(2)(A) and’’; and (II) in subclause (II)(cc), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; and (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; and (B) in subsection (k)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘alien unmarried son or daughter’s classification as a family-spon-sored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘alien child’s classification as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘son or daughter’’ and in-serting ‘‘child’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘unmarried son or daugh-ter as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘child as an immediate relative under section 201(b)(2)’’; and (6) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i), by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date on which— (1) the Secretary of Homeland Security has adjudicated each petition that is filed under section 203(a)(2)(B) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act) be-fore January 1, 2019; and (2) the Secretary of State has allocated to each eligible alien a visa based on a petition described in paragraph (1). 
SEC. 4. BORDER SECURITY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF SECRETARY .—In this sec-tion, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Sec-retary of Homeland Security. (b) A
PPROPRIATIONS FOR BORDER SECU-
RITY.—The following sum is appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not other-wise appropriated, for U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection, namely $25,000,000,000 for— (1) the construction of physical barriers; (2) border security technologies; (3) tactical infrastructure; (4) marine vessels; (5) aircraft; (6) unmanned aerial systems; (7) facilities; and (8) equipment. (c) A
VAILABILITY FOR FISCAL YEAR2018.—Of the amount appropriated by subsection (b), amounts shall be available for fiscal year 2018 as follows: (1) For impedance and denial, $1,571,000,000. (2) For domain awareness, $658,000,000. (3) For access and mobility, $143,000,000. (4) For the retention, recruitment, and re-location of officers of Border Patrol Agents, Customs Officers, and Air and Marine per-sonnel, $148,000,000, including for not fewer than 615 officers of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. (5) To hire 615 U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers for deployment to ports of entry, $75,000,000. (d) A
VAILABILITY FOR FISCAL YEARS 2019 T
HROUGH 2027.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to subsection (f), of the amount appropriated by subsection (b), the amount available for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 shall be $2,500,000,000. (2) L
IMITATION .—Amounts appropriated under subsection (b) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 shall only be available for operationally effective designs deployed as of the date of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), such as currently de-ployed steel bollard designs, that prioritize agent safety. (e) R
EPORT ON PLAN FOR IMPROVEMENT OF  B
ORDER SECURITY .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Commit-tees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the Commit-tees of jurisdiction of the Senate and the House of Representatives a risk-based plan for improving security along the borders of the United States, including the use of per-sonnel, fencing, other forms of tactical infra-structure, and technology. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required by this subsection shall include the following: (A) A statement of goals, objectives, ac-tivities, and milestones for the plan. (B) A detailed implementation schedule for the plan with estimates for the planned obli-gation of funds for fiscal years 2019 through 2027 that are linked to the milestone-based delivery of specific— (i) capabilities and services; (ii) mission benefits and outcomes; (iii) program management capabilities; and (iv) lifecycle cost estimates. (C) A description of the manner in which specific projects under the plan will enhance border security goals and objectives and ad-dress the highest priority border security needs. (D) An identification of the planned loca-tions, quantities, and types of resources, such as fencing, other physical barriers, or other tactical infrastructure and technology, under the plan. (E) A description of the methodology and analyses used to select specific resources for deployment to particular locations under the plan that includes— (i) analyses of alternatives, including com-parative costs and benefits; (ii) an assessment of effects on commu-nities and property owners near areas of in-frastructure deployment; and (iii) a description of other factors critical to the decision-making process. (F) An identification of staffing require-ments under the plan, including full-time equivalents, contractors, and detailed per-sonnel, by activity. (G) A description of performance metrics for the plan for assessing and reporting on the contributions of border security capabili-ties realized from current and future invest-ments. (H) A description of the status of the ac-tions of the Department of Homeland Secu-rity to address open recommendations by the Office of Inspector General and the Govern-ment Accountability Office relating to bor-der security, including plans, schedules, and associated milestones for fully addressing such recommendations. (I) A comprehensive plan to consult State and local elected officials on the eminent do-main and construction process relating to physical barriers; (J) A comprehensive analysis, following consultation with the Secretary of Interior and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, of the environmental im-pacts of the construction and placement of physical barriers planned along the South-west border, including barriers in the Santa Ana National Wildlife Refuge; (K) Certifications by the Under Secretary of Homeland Security for Management, in-cluding all documents, memoranda, and a de-scription of the investment review and infor-mation technology management oversight and processes supporting such certifications, that— (i) the plan has been reviewed and approved in accordance with an acquisition review management process that complies with cap-ital planning and investment control and re-view requirements established by the Office of Management and Budget, including as pro-vided in Circular A–11, part 7; and (ii) all activities under the plan comply with Federal acquisition rules, requirements, guidelines, and practices. (f) LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY FOR FISCAL  Y
EARS 2019 T HROUGH 2027.— (1) L
IMITATION .—The amount specified in subsection (d) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2027 shall not be available for such fiscal year unless— (A) the Secretary submits to Congress, not later than 60 days before the beginning of such fiscal year, a report setting forth— (i) a description of every planned expendi-ture in such fiscal year under the plan re-quired by subsection (e) in an amount in ex-cess of $50,000,000; (ii) a description of the total number of miles of security fencing or barriers that will be constructed in such fiscal year under the plan; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00195 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.040 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1124 February 14, 2018 
(iii) a statement of the number of new U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officers to be hired in such fiscal year under the plan and the intended location of deployment; (iv) a description of the new roads to be in-stalled in such fiscal year under the plan; (v) a description of the land to be acquired in such fiscal year under the plan, includ-ing— (I) all necessary land acquisitions; (II) the total number of necessary con-demnation actions; and (III) the precise number of landowners that will be affected by the construction of such physical barriers; (vi) a description of the amount and types of technology to be acquired for each of the northern border and the southern border in such fiscal year under the plan; and (vii) a statement of the percentage of each of the northern border and the southern bor-der for which the Department of Homeland Security will obtain full situational aware-ness in such fiscal year under the plan; and (B) not later than October 1 of such fiscal year, the Secretary certifies to Congress that the Department of Homeland achieved not less than 75 percent of the goals of the Department under the plan (other than for land acquisition) for the prior fiscal year. (2) A
VAILABILITY WITHOUT CERTIFICATION .— If the Secretary is unable to make the cer-tification described in paragraph (1)(B) with respect to a fiscal year as of October 1 of the succeeding fiscal year, the amount specified in subsection (d) for such succeeding fiscal year shall not be available except pursuant to an Act of Congress specifically making such amount available for such succeeding fiscal year that is enacted into law in such succeeding fiscal year. (g) A
VAILABILITY .—If amounts described in subsection (d) are available for a fiscal year, such amounts shall remain available for 5 years. (h) L
IMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the amounts appropriated under this section may be re-programmed for or transferred to any other component of the Department of Homeland Security. (i) B
UDGET REQUEST .—An expenditure plan for amounts made available pursuant to sub-section (b)— (1) shall be included in each budget for a fiscal year submitted by the President under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code; and (2) shall describe planned obligations by program, project, and activity in the receiv-ing account at the same level of detail pro-vided for in the request for other appropria-tions in that account. (j) B
UDGETARY EFFECTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The budgetary effects of this section shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay-As-You-Go Act of 2010. (2) S
ENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budg-etary effects of this section shall not be en-tered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H.Con.Res. 71 (115th Congress). (k) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (1) D
EFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered appropriation amount’’ means the amount appropriated for border security for a fiscal year under subsection (b). (2) P
OINT OF ORDER IN THE SENATE .— (A) P
OINT OF ORDER .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—In the Senate, it shall not be in order to consider a provision in a bill, joint resolution, motion, amendment, amendment between the Houses, or con-ference report that would reduce the covered appropriation amount for a fiscal year. (ii) POINT OF ORDER SUSTAINED .—If a point of order is made by a Senator against a pro-vision described in clause (i), and the point of order is sustained by the Chair, that pro-vision shall be stricken from the measure and may not be offered as an amendment from the floor. (B) F
ORM OF THE POINT OF ORDER .—A point of order under subparagraph (A) may be raised by a Senator as provided in section 313(e) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 644(e)). (C) C
ONFERENCE REPORTS .—When the Sen-ate is considering a conference report on, or an amendment between the Houses in rela-tion to, a bill or joint resolution, upon a point of order being made by any Senator pursuant to subparagraph (A), and such point of order being sustained, such material con-tained in such conference report or House amendment shall be stricken, and the Senate shall proceed to consider the question of whether the Senate shall recede from its amendment and concur with a further amendment, or concur in the House amend-ment with a further amendment, as the case may be, which further amendment shall con-sist of only that portion of the conference re-port or House amendment, as the case may be, not so stricken. Any such motion in the Senate shall be debatable. In any case in which such point of order is sustained against a conference report (or Senate amendment derived from such conference re-port by operation of this subsection), no fur-ther amendment shall be in order. (D) S
UPERMAJORITY WAIVER AND APPEAL .— In the Senate, this paragraph may be waived or suspended only by an affirmative vote of three-fifths of the Members, duly chosen and sworn. An affirmative vote of three-fifths of Members of the Senate, duly chosen and sworn shall be required to sustain an appeal of the ruling of the Chair on a point of order raised under this paragraph. (l) E
NFORCEMENT PRIORITIES .— (1) D
EFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) F
ELONY .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘felony’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense punishable by imprisonment for a term that exceeds 1 year. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘felony’’ does not include a State or local criminal offense for which an essential element is the immi-gration status of an alien. (B) M
ISDEMEANOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal of-fense for which— (I) the maximum term of imprisonment is— (aa) greater than 5 days; and (bb) not greater than 1 year; and (II) the individual was sentenced to time in custody of 90 days or less. (ii) E
XCLUSION .—The term ‘‘misdemeanor’’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is— (I) the immigration status of the alien; (II) a significant misdemeanor; or (III) a minor traffic offense. (C) S
IGNIFICANT MISDEMEANOR .— (i) I
N GENERAL .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ means a Federal, State, or local criminal offense— (I) for which the maximum term of impris-onment is— (aa) more than 5 days; and (bb) not more than 1 year; and (II)(aa) that, regardless of the sentence im-posed, is— (AA) a crime of domestic violence (as de-fined in section 237(a)(2)(E)(i)) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1227(a)(2)(E)(i)); or (BB) an offense of— (CC) sexual abuse or exploitation; (DD) burglary; (EE) unlawful possession or use of a fire-arm; (FF) drug distribution or trafficking; or (GG) driving under the influence, if the ap-plicable State law requires, as elements of the offense, the operation of a motor vehicle and a finding of impairment or a blood alco-hol content equal to or greater than .08; or (bb) that resulted in a sentence of time in custody of more than 90 days. (ii) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘‘significant misdemeanor’’ does not include a State or local offense for which an essential element is the immigration status of an alien. (2) P
RIORITIES .—In carrying out immigra-tion enforcement activities, the Secretary shall prioritize available immigration en-forcement resources to aliens who— (A) have been convicted of— (i) a felony; (ii) a significant misdemeanor; or (iii) 3 or more misdemeanor offenses; (B) pose a threat to national security or public safety; or (C)(i) are unlawfully present in the United States; and (ii) arrived in the United States after June 30, 2018; or 
SEC. 5. OFFICE OF PROFESSIONAL RESPONSI-BILITY. 
Not later than September 30, 2021, the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall hire, train, and assign suffi-cient special agents at the Office of Profes-sional Responsibility. 
SA 2011. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. BORDER SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS IN MOUNTAINOUS, HIGH DESERT, AND BACKCOUNTRY TERRAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection shall— (1) acquire and deploy such additional horses and off-road vehicles, including all- terrain vehicles, as may be necessary to pro-vide for enhanced security in mountainous, high desert, and backcountry areas near the international border between the United States and Mexico; (2) increase the use of advanced detection and surveillance technology in the areas de-scribed in paragraph (1); (3) acquire fixed and mobile technology as-sets, including night vision goggles; (4) increase and improve interoperable communications that are LTE-capable; (5) increase mountain patrols to gain and enhance domain awareness; (6) increase and upgrade facilities to the extent necessary to accommodate personnel and asset needs; (7) perform any maintenance and care that may be necessary to preserve the operational capability of all mountainous, high desert, and backcountry assets; and (8) hire and deploy additional personnel, as necessary— (A) to enhance border security in moun-tainous, high desert, and backcountry areas near the international border between the United States and Mexico; and (B) to successfully carry out the related duties of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion set forth in section 211 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 411). 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00196 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.040 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1125 February 14, 2018 
(b) R EQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out sub-section (a), the Commissioner shall— (1) consult with agents in the field; (2) prioritize the deployment of such tech-nology based on the needs of remote stations in mountainous, high desert, and backcountry areas near the international border between the United States and Mex-ico. (c) R
EPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner shall submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees that describes the implementation of subsection (a), including— (1) the assets deployed in mountainous, high desert, and backcountry areas near the international border between the United States and Mexico; and (2) the expenditures incurred to acquire and deploy such assets. (d) A
GENT MOBILITY DEMONSTRATION PRO-
GRAM .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The Secretary of Home-land Security shall establish a 5-year pilot program in the El Paso Sector, to be known as the ‘‘Agent Mobility Program’’, under which agents assigned within the El Paso Sector may laterally transfer to a des-ignated, hard-to-fill station within the El Paso sector for a period of at least 3 years. (2) C
OMPLETION OF SERVICE .—Any agent who completes 3 years of service at a hard- to-fill station to which he or she transferred under the program established under para-graph (1)— (A) shall be presented to the selecting offi-cer as a preferred agent; and (B) shall be eligible to transfer to 1 of 3 border patrol stations in the El Paso Sector of their choice that has an opening at the time of such transfer. (e) A
UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—In addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated, there is authorized to be ap-propriated, to U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection, such sums as may be necessary to carry out this section. 
SA 2012. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Mr. U
DALL , and Mr. C ARPER ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION SUBMITTED FOR THE DEFERRED AC-TION FOR CHILDHOOD ARRIVALS PROGRAM AND SIMILAR PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) DACA 
PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘DACA Pro-gram’’ means the Deferred Action for Child-hood Arrivals Program announced on June 15, 2012. (2) I
NDIVIDUAL APPLICATION INFORMATION .— The term ‘‘individual application informa-tion’’ means any information, including per-sonally identifiable information, submitted to the Secretary after June 15, 2012, as part of a request for consideration or reconsider-ation for the DACA program. (3) S
ECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. (b) C
ONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall protect individual applica-tion information from disclosure to U.S. Im-migration and Customs Enforcement or U.S. Customs and Border Protection for any pur-pose other than implementing the following: (1) The DACA Program. (2) Any program similar to the DACA pro-gram to provide deferred action for aliens that is established by this Act or an amend-ment made by this Act. (3) The Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act or any similar program to provide a path to citizenship that is estab-lished by this Act or an amendment made by this Act. (c) REFERRALS PROHIBITED .—The Secretary may not refer any individual whose case has been deferred pursuant to ta program speci-fied in subsection (b) to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the Department of Jus-tice, or any other law enforcement agency. (d) L
IMITED EXCEPTION .—Individual appli-cation information may be shared with na-tional security and law enforcement agen-cies— (1) to identify or prevent fraudulent claims; (2) for particularized national security pur-poses relating to an individual application; or (3) for the investigation or prosecution of any felony not related to immigration sta-tus. 
SA 2013. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. STANDARDS FOR SHORT-TERM CUS-TODY BY U.S. CUSTOMS AND BOR-DER PROTECTION. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to Congress a report on the status of the Transport, Escort, Detention and Search (TEDS) policy for short-term custody of indi-viduals by U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion. (2) E
LEMENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following ele-ments. (A) An assessment of whether Border Pa-trol and the Office of Field Operations have adopted and are implementing more de-tailed, component-specific standards to sup-plement the TEDS policy in accordance with subsection (b) and the status of implementa-tion of the TEDS policy among the various components of U.S. Customs and Border Pro-tection. (B) A description of the frequency and find-ings of U.S. Customs and Border Protection audits and investigations into compliance with the TEDS policy and supplemental poli-cies. (b) S
TANDARDS OF CARE.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—The TEDS policy and ad-ditional standards created by Border Patrol and the Office of Field Operations must en-sure basic minimum levels of care at all fa-cilities of U.S. Customs and Border Protec-tion that hold individuals in custody, includ-ing Border Patrol stations, ports of entry, checkpoints, forward operating bases, sec-ondary inspection areas, and short-term cus-tody facilities. Such care shall include standards with respect to— (A) limits on detention space capacity by facility and also by holding room or indi-vidual cell; (B) the availability of potable water and nutritionally and culturally appropriate food; (C) access to bathroom facilities and hy-giene items, including soap, feminine hy-giene products, toothpaste, toothbrushes and towels, and showers for those held for 24 hours or longer; (D) adequate climate control and provision of adequate clothing; (E) reasonable sleeping arrangements for all detainees held for longer than 12 hours, including access to beds and adequate bed-ding; (F) access to telephones; (G) access to lawyers, consular officials, family members, and nongovernmental orga-nizations; (H) language-appropriate forms and mate-rials that include information regarding legal rights, including contact information for the United Nations Refugee Agency and the National Trafficking Hotline, as well as the consequences of signing such forms, in a language the detainee is known to under-stand; (I) protocols for communicating the infor-mation on those forms and materials orally to detainees in a language they are known to understand; (J) appropriate care for pregnant women and individuals with medical needs, includ-ing a prohibition on shackling or restraint of pregnant women absent truly extraordinary circumstances (and never during active labor or delivery); (K) appropriate medical screening and care for all detainees, overseen by a trained med-ical professional, including access to emer-gency medical care and prescribed medica-tions whenever medically appropriate; (L) reasonable accommodations in accord-ance with the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.); (M) reasonable access to facilities and visi-tation policies for nongovernmental organi-zations; (N) a transparent, independent, and respon-sive grievance system widely publicized within facilities in multiple languages, in-cluding access to the Office for Civil Rights and Civil Liberties’ toll-free number and the complaints number described in the above section; (O) protocols for identifying asylum-seek-ers who require credible fear screenings and for video recording of those screenings; (P) safely transferring detainees to facili-ties of U.S. Immigration and Customs En-forcement with attention paid to ensuring regular meals, medication doses, and rest for detainees; (Q) returning all money and nonperishable personal property (other than prohibited contraband) to former detainees prior to transfer, repatriation, or release, in coordi-nation with other State and Federal agencies as necessary; (R) compliance with the Prison Rape Elimination Act of 2003 (34 U.S.C. 30301 et seq.), including by requiring regular inde-pendent PREA audits, ensuring that all de-tainees are able to make prompt, confiden-tial sexual abuse complaints to a staffed telephone hotline in multiple languages, and requiring formal, comprehensive PREA com-pliance training of all U.S. Customs and Bor-der Protection staff with detention-related responsibilities; and (S) compliance with the Victims of Child Abuse Act (42 U.S.C. 1303) and implementing regulations, to ensure that officials are aware of their obligations to report all alle-gations of child abuse and of the criminal penalties for failure to do so in accordance with section 2258 of title 18, United States Code. (c) M
ONITORING AND OVERSIGHT .— (1) I
NTERIM OVERSIGHT .—Until the TEDS policy and supplemental policies have been implemented and are being adhered to in ac-cordance with subsection (b), the Secretary of Homeland Security shall direct oversight 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00197 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.042 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1126 February 14, 2018 
of the U.S. Customs and Border Protection facilities that provide short-term custody to ensure that humane standards of care ad-dressing all of the requirements set forth in such subsection are made publicly available and are being implemented throughout the agency. (2) A
CCESS FOR LOP PROVIDERS AND COUN -
SEL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall direct U.S. Customs and Border Protection to allow Legal Ori-entation Program (LOP) providers and coun-sel access to migrants held in U.S. Customs and Border Protection short-term custody facilities. (3) S
ITE VISITS .—The Department of Home-land Security Office of the Inspector General shall conduct site visits to all short-term de-tention facilities at least every six months and issue annual inspection reports assessing each facility’s compliance with the require-ments set forth in subsection (b), along with recommendations for improvement as need-ed, and promptly make those reports pub-licly available. 
SA 2014. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. PROHIBITION ON CONSTRUCTION OF CERTAIN ELEMENTS OF THE PHYS-ICAL BARRIER ALONG THE SOUTH-ERN BORDER OF THE UNITED STATES IN NATIONAL WILDLIFE REFUGES, WILDERNESS AREAS, AND RELATED AREAS. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no Federal funds may be used to design or construct any levee wall, steel bollard fence, or other wall within the following: (1) A unit of the national wildlife refuge system. (2) A unit of the national wilderness pres-ervation system. (3) A wildlife corridor, as determined by the Secretary of the Interior acting through the Director of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 
SA 2015. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself, Ms. H
EITKAMP , and Mr. U DALL ) sub-mitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was or-dered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. lll. RECEIPT OF COMPENSATION RE-QUIRED FOR USE OF EMINENT DO-MAIN FOR CONSTRUCTION OF BOR-DER INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Notwithstanding section 3114 of title 40, United States Code, or section 102 of the Ille-gal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Re-sponsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1103 note; Public Law 104–208) the Federal Government shall not take physical possession of any land acquired, or proposed to be acquired, pursuant to those sections for the construc-tion of any infrastructure (including a pedes-trian fence, vehicle barrier, levee, gate, wall, fence, road, or port of entry) at the inter-national border between the United States and Mexico until the date on which the ap-plicable court determines that— (1) in the case of private land— (A) all persons or entities entitled to com-pensation for the acquisition have received the entire full fair market value amount of compensation due on the date of acquisition of the private land; and (B) all relevant court proceedings de-scribed in section 3114(a) of title 40, United States Code, have been— (i) completed; and (ii) terminated by the court; (2) in the case of State land (including State land in the vicinity of a unit of the Na-tional Wildlife Refuge System, a unit of the National Park System, or Tribal land or in the vicinity of a historic district or a State park)— (A) the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) have been met; and (B) all relevant stakeholders (including Tribes) have been consulted and have ap-proved the acquisition; and (3) in the case of Tribal land— (A) the requirements of subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) have been met; and (B) all relevant Tribal stakeholders have been consulted and have approved the acqui-sition. SEC. lll. CONSULTATION REQUIRED PRIOR TO ACQUISITION OF LAND FOR CON-STRUCTION OF BORDER INFRA-STRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Before implementing any plan to acquire private land, State land, or Tribal land on which the Secretary of Home-land Security (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) intends to build or con-struct a temporary or permanent structure related to efforts to secure or protect the border between the United States and Mex-ico, the Secretary shall conduct significant consultation with— (1) any owners of the land proposed to be acquired; and (2) any individuals or communities that could be impacted by the construction of the structure, as determined by the Secretary. (b) F
INAL PLANS ; TRANSPARENCY .—Before beginning construction of a temporary or permanent structure described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) give significant weight to the opinions and information presented to the Secretary during the consultation process conducted under that subsection; and (2) publish in the Federal Register informa-tion describing ways in which the final plan of the Secretary for acquiring the land or constructing the structure was modified as a result of the consultation process conducted under that subsection. 
SA 2016. Mr. HEINRICH (for himself and Mr. U
DALL ) submitted an amend-ment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the In-ternal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation cov-erage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
At the appropriate place, insert the fol-lowing: 
SEC. ll. RESTRICTIONS ON THE REPLACEMENT OF VEHICLE BARRIERS WITH A BOR-DER WALL ALONG THE SOUTHERN BORDER. 
(a) W AIVER OF LAWS RELATING TO THE RE-
PLACEMENT OF VEHICLE BARRIERS WITH A  B
ORDER WALL.—The waiver authority under section 102(c) of the Illegal Immigration Re-form and Immigrant Responsibility Act of 1996 (8 U.S.C. 1103 note) shall not apply to re-placing existing vehicle barriers with a pri-mary wall or fence along the international border between the United States and Mex-ico. (b) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FEDERAL FUNDS  
FOR THE REPLACEMENT OF VEHICLE BARRIERS  W
ITH A BORDER WALL OR PEDESTRIAN  F
ENCE .—Notwithstanding any other provi-sion of law, no funds authorized to be appro-priated or appropriated under this Act may be used to design or construct any levee wall, steel bollard fence, or other wall in-tended to replace existing vehicle barriers along the international border between the United States and Mexico. 
SA 2017. Mr. FLAKE (for himself and Mr. G
RAHAM ) submitted an amendment intended to be proposed by him to the bill H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsub-sidized COBRA continuation coverage; which was ordered to lie on the table; as follows: 
Strike sections 4002 and 4003 and insert the following: 
SEC. 4002. SPONSORSHIP BY CITIZENS OF SPOUSES AND CHILDREN ONLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203(a) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) S
POUSES AND CHILDREN OF CITIZENS .— Qualified immigrants who are the spouse or child of a citizen of the United States shall be allocated visas in a number not to ex-ceed— ‘‘(A) the worldwide level specified in sec-tion 201(c); minus ‘‘(B) 114,200.’’; and (2) by striking paragraphs (3) and (4). (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 201(f) (8 U.S.C. 1151(f))— (A) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as para-graph (3); and (C) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘through (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (2)’’; (2) in section 202 (8 U.S.C. 1152)— (A) in subsection (a)(4), by striking sub-paragraph (D); and (B) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘through (4)’’ and inserting ‘‘and (2)’’; (3) in section 204 (8 U.S.C. 1154)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)(i), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (3), or (4) of section 203(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(1)’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1), (2), or (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1) or (2)’’; and (B) in subsection (f)(1), by striking ‘‘203(a)(1), or 203(a)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘or 203(a)(1)’’; and (4) in section 212(d)(11) (8 U.S.C. 1182(d)(11)), by striking ‘‘(other than paragraph (4) there-of)’’. 
SEC. 4003. SPONSORSHIP BY LAWFUL PERMA-NENT RESIDENTS OF SPOUSES AND CHILDREN ONLY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203(a)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) S
POUSES AND CHILDREN OF PERMANENT  
RESIDENT ALIENS .—Qualified immigrants who are the spouse or child of an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence shall be allocated visas in a number not to exceed the sum of— ‘‘(A) 114,200; ‘‘(B) the number (if any) by which such worldwide level exceeds 226,000; and ‘‘(C) the number of visas not required for the class described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) C
ONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00198 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.042 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1127 February 14, 2018 
(1) in section 101(a)(15)(V) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ each place it appears and insert-ing ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; (2) in section 201(f)(2) (8 U.S.C. 1151(f)(2)), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and insert-ing ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; (3) in section 202 (8 U.S.C. 1152)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(3), (4), and (5)’’ and inserting ‘‘(3) and (4)’’ (ii) by striking paragraph (4); and (iii) by redesignating paragraph (5) as para-graph (4); and (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘, or as limiting the number of visas that may be issued under section 203(a)(2)(A) pursuant to subsection (a)(4)(A)’’; (4) in section 203(h) (8 U.S.C. 1153(h))— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘sub-sections (a)(2)(A) and (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place it ap-pears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’; (5) in section 204 (8 U.S.C. 1154)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (i) in clause (ii)— (I) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘if such a child has not been classified under clause (iii) of section 203(a)(2)(A) and’’; and (II) in subclause (II)(cc), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; and (ii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘section 203(a)(2)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(a)(2)’’; and (B) in subsection (k)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘alien unmarried son or daughter’s classification as a family- spon-sored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘alien child’s classification as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(2)’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘son or daughter’’ and in-serting ‘‘child’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘unmarried son or daugh-ter as a family-sponsored immigrant under section 203(a)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘child as an immediate relative under section 201(b)(2)’’; and (6) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)(1)(B)(i)), by striking ‘‘(a)(2)(A)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(a)(2)’’. 
SEC. 4004. CREATION OF NONIMMIGRANT CLASSI-FICATION FOR ALIEN PARENTS OF ADULT UNITED STATES CITIZENS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101(a)(15) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (T)(ii)(III), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semi-colon; (2) in subparagraph (U)(iii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (3) in subparagraph (V)(ii)(II), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(W) Subject to section 214(s), an alien who is a parent of a citizen of the United States, if the citizen is at least 21 years of age.’’. (b) C
ONDITIONS ON ADMISSION .—Section 214 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1184) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(s)(1) The initial period of authorized ad-mission for a nonimmigrant described in sec-tion 101(a)(15)(W) shall be 5 years, but may be extended by the Secretary of Homeland Se-curity for additional 5-year periods if the United States citizen son or daughter of the nonimmigrant is still residing in the United States. ‘‘(2) A nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W)— ‘‘(A) is not authorized to be employed in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is not eligible for any Federal, State, or local public benefit. ‘‘(3) Regardless of the resources of a non-immigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W), the United States citizen son or daughter who sponsored the nonimmigrant parent shall be responsible for the nonimmigrant’s support while the nonimmigrant resides in the United States. ‘‘(4) An alien is ineligible to receive a visa or to be admitted into the United States as a nonimmigrant described in section 101(a)(15)(W) unless the alien provides satis-factory proof that the United States citizen son or daughter has arranged for health in-surance coverage for the alien, at no cost to the alien, during the anticipated period of the alien’s residence in the United States.’’. SEC. 4005. EFFECTIVE DATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The amendments made by sections 4002 through 4005 shall take effect on the date that is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) G
RANDFATHERED PETITIONS .—Notwith- standing the termination by this title of the family-sponsored immigrant visa categories under section 203(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) (as of the date before the date of enactment of this Act), the amendments made by this section shall not apply, and visas shall remain avail-able to, any alien who has— (1) an approved family-based petition that has not been terminated or revoked, or (2) a properly-filed family-based petition that is— (A) pending with U.S. Citizenship and Im-migration Services; and (B) based on subsection (a) of section 203 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(a)) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act). (c) A
VAILABILITY OF VISAS FOR GRAND -
FATHERED PETITIONS .—The Secretary shall continue to allocate a sufficient number of visas in family-sponsored immigrant visa categories until the date on which a visa has been made available, in conformance with the numeric and per country limitations in effect on the day before the date of enact-ment of this Act, to each beneficiary of an approved petition described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b), if the beneficiary— (1) indicates an intent to pursue the immi-grant visa not later than 180 days after the date on which the Secretary of State notifies the beneficiary of the availability of the visa; and (2) is otherwise qualified to receive a visa under this Act. 
SEC. 4006. VISA REALLOCATION. 
(a) A PPLICATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by sections 4002 through 4004 shall apply only with respect to visas issued under section 203 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) on or after the effective date specified in section 4006. (b) V
ISAREALLOCATION .—Of the number of visas available under section 203 of such Act after the effective date that would otherwise have been available under section 203(a) of such Act, as in effect before such effective date, such visas shall be reallocated after such effective date— (1) to family-sponsored immigrants under section 203(a) of such Act to reduce or elimi-nate the backlog in visas under that section; and (2) if any visas remain for allocation after the elimination of the backlog in visas under section 203(a) of such Act— (A) the number equal to 33 percent of the remaining visas shall be available for aliens who are members of the professions holding advanced degrees or aliens of exceptional ability under section 203(b)(1) of such Act; and (B) the number equal to 34 percent of the remaining visas shall be available for aliens who are members of the professions holding advanced degrees or aliens of exceptional ability under section 203(b)(2) of such Act; and (C) the number equal to 33 percent of the remaining visas shall be available for aliens who skilled workers, professionals, or other workers under section 203(b)(3) of such Act. (c) TRANSITION RULES FOR EMPLOYMENT - 
BASED IMMIGRANTS .— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (2) through (4), and notwithstanding title II of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151 et seq.), the following rules shall apply: (A) For fiscal year 2018, 15 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) shall be allotted to immigrants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the two states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2011 under such para-graphs. (B) For fiscal year 2019, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the two states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2012 under such paragraphs. (C) For fiscal year 2020, 10 percent of the immigrant visas made available under each of such paragraphs shall be allotted to immi-grants who are natives of a foreign state or dependent area that was not one of the two states with the largest aggregate numbers of natives obtaining immigrant visas during fiscal year 2015 under such paragraphs. (2) P
ER-COUNTRY LEVELS .— (A) R
ESERVED VISAS .—The number of visas reserved under each of subparagraphs (A) through (C) of paragraph (1) made available to natives of any single foreign state or de-pendent area in the appropriate fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent (in the case of a single foreign state) or 2 percent (in the case of a dependent area) of the total number of such visas. (B) U
NRESERVED VISAS .—Not more than 85 percent of the immigrant visas made avail-able under each of paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 203(b) of the Immigration and Na-tionality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) and not re-served under paragraph (1), for each of the fiscal years 2018, 2019, and 2020, may be allot-ted to immigrants who are natives of any single foreign state. (3) S
PECIAL RULE TO PREVENT UNUSED  
VISAS .—If, with respect to fiscal year 2018, 2019, or 2020, the application of paragraphs (1) and (2) would prevent the total number of immigrant visas made available under para-graph (2) or (3) of section 203(b) of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) from being issued, such visas may be issued during the remainder of such fiscal year without regard to paragraphs (1) and (2). (4) R
ULES FOR CHARGEABILITY .—Section 202(b) of such Act (8 U.S.C. 1152(b)) shall apply in determining the foreign state to which an alien is chargeable for purposes of this subsection. 
SEC. 4007. ELIMINATION OF DIVERSITY VISA PRO-GRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 203 of the Immi-gration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (c); (2) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), (f), (g), and (h) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g), respectively; 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00199 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.044 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1128 February 14, 2018 
(3) in subsection (c), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c)’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (4) in subsection (d), as redesignated— (A) by striking paragraph (2); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (3) as para-graph (2); (5) in subsection (e), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a), (b), or (c) of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b)’’; (6) in subsection (f), as redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsections (a), (b), and (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’; and (7) in subsection (g), as redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘(d)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘(c)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c)’’ and inserting ‘‘sub-section (a) or (b)’’. (b) T
ECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND -
MENTS .—The Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 101(a)(15)(V) (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(V)), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (2) in section 201 (8 U.S.C. 1151)— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (iii) by striking paragraph (3); (B) by striking subsection (e); and (C) by redesignating subsection (f) as sub-section (e); (3) in section 203(b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV) (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)(2)(B)(ii)(IV)), by striking ‘‘section 203(b)(2)(B)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘clause (i)’’; (4) in section 204 (8 U.S.C. 1154)— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking subparagraph (I); and (ii) by redesignating subparagraphs (J) through (L) as subparagraphs (I) through (K), respectively; (B) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘sub-section (a), (b), or (c) of section 203’’ and in-serting ‘‘subsection (a) or (b) of section 203’’; and (C) in subsection (l)(2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203 (a) or (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or (c) of section 203’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sec-tion 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (5) in section 214(q)(1)(B)(i) (8 U.S.C. 1184(q)(1)(B)(i)), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; (6) in section 216(h)(1) (8 U.S.C. 1186a(h)(1)), in the undesignated matter following sub-paragraph (C), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’; and (7) in section 245(i)(1)(B) (8 U.S.C. 1255(i)(1)(B)), by striking ‘‘section 203(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 203(c)’’. (c) E
FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first fiscal year beginning on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 4008. REALLOCATION OF VISAS; GRAND-FATHERED PETITIONS. 
(a) G RANDFATHERED PETITIONS AND VISAS.— Notwithstanding the elimination under sec-tion 4007 of the diversity visa program de-scribed in sections 201(e) and 203(c) of the Im-migration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1151(e) and 1153(c)) (as in effect on the day be-fore the date of enactment of this Act), the amendments made by this section shall not apply, and visas shall remain available, to any alien whom the Secretary of State has selected to participate in the diversity visa lottery for fiscal year 2018. (b) R
EALLOCATION OF VISAS.— (1) I
N GENERAL .—Beginning in fiscal year 2019 and ending on the date on which the number of visas allocated for aliens who qualify for visas under the Nicaraguan Ad-justment and Central American Relief Act (Public Law 105–100; 8 U.S.C. 1153 note) is ex-hausted, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall make available the annual allocation of diversity visas as follows: (A) 20,000 visas shall be made available to aliens who— (i) have earned a Ph.D. degree from a United States institution of higher edu-cation (as defined in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a))) in a field of science, technology, en-gineering, or mathematics; and (ii) have an offer of employment from a United States employer in a field related to such degree. (B) 20,000 visas shall be made available to aliens who qualify for an Entrepreneur Im-migrant Visa. (C) 10,000 visas shall be made available to aliens under section 203(b)(6) of the Immigra-tion and Nationality Act, as added by para-graph (2)(B). (2) ENTREPRENEUR IMMIGRANTS .—Section 203(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1153(b)) is amended— (A) by redesignating paragraph (6) as para-graph (7); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (5) the fol-lowing: ‘‘(6) E
NTREPRENEUR IMMIGRANTS .— ‘‘(A) D
EFINITIONS .—In this paragraph and in sections 101(a)(15)(W) and 214(s): ‘‘(i) Q
UALIFIED ANGEL INVESTOR .—The term ‘qualified angel investor’ means an indi-vidual or organized group of individuals in-vesting directly or through a legal entity— ‘‘(I) each of whom is an accredited investor (as defined in section 230.501(a) of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any similar successor regulation) investing the funds owned by such individual or organized group in a qualified entrepreneur’s United States business entity; ‘‘(II)(aa) if an individual, is a citizen of the United States or an alien lawfully admitted for permanent residence; or ‘‘(bb) if an organized group or legal entity, a majority of the individuals investing through such group or entity are citizens of the United States or aliens lawfully admit-ted for permanent residence; and ‘‘(III) each of whom in the previous 3 years has made qualified investments totaling not less than $50,000 (or such higher amount de-termined appropriate by the Secretary) in United States business entities that are less than 5 years old. ‘‘(ii) Q
UALIFIED COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT  
FINANCIAL INSTITUTION .—The term ‘qualified community development financial institu-tion’ means an entity that has been certified by the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund under section 1805.201 of title 12, Code of Federal Regulations, or any similar successor regulation. ‘‘(iii) Q
UALIFIED ENTREPRENEUR .—The term ‘qualified entrepreneur’ means an individual who— ‘‘(I) has a significant ownership interest, which need not constitute a majority inter-est, in a United States business entity; ‘‘(II) is employed in a senior executive po-sition at such entity; ‘‘(III) submits a business plan to U.S. Citi-zenship and Immigration Services; and ‘‘(IV) had a substantial role in the found-ing or early-stage growth and development of such entity. ‘‘(iv) Q
UALIFIED GOVERNMENT ENTITY .—The term ‘qualified government entity’ means an agency or instrumentality of the United States or of a State, local, or tribal govern-ment. ‘‘(v) Q
UALIFIED INVESTMENT .—The term ‘qualified investment’— ‘‘(I) means an investment in a qualified en-trepreneur’s United States business entity that is— ‘‘(aa) a purchase from such entity of equity or convertible debt issued by such entity; ‘‘(bb) a secured loan; ‘‘(cc) a convertible debt note; ‘‘(dd) a public securities offering; ‘‘(ee) a research and development award from a qualified government entity to the United States business entity; ‘‘(ff) another investment determined ap-propriate by the Secretary; or ‘‘(gg) a combination of any of the invest-ments described in items (aa) through (ff); and ‘‘(II) does not include an investment from— ‘‘(aa) such qualified entrepreneur; ‘‘(bb) the parents, spouse, son, or daughter of such qualified entrepreneur; or ‘‘(cc) any corporation, company, associa-tion, firm, partnership, society, or joint stock company over which such qualified en-trepreneur has a substantial ownership in-terest. ‘‘(vi) QUALIFIED JOB .—The term ‘qualified job’ means a full-time position at a United States business entity owned by a qualified entrepreneur that— ‘‘(I) is located in the United States; ‘‘(II) has been filled for at least 2 years by a United States citizen or legal permanent resident who is not the qualified entre-preneur or the spouse, son, or daughter of the qualified entrepreneur; and ‘‘(III) is compensated at a wage level that is commensurate with similarly situated em-ployees in comparable positions in the met-ropolitan statistical area of the employ-ment. ‘‘(vii) Q
UALIFIED STARTUP ACCELERATOR .— The term ‘qualified startup accelerator’ means a corporation, company, association, firm, partnership, society, or joint stock company that— ‘‘(I) is organized under the laws of the United States or of any State and conducts business in the United States; ‘‘(II) in the ordinary course of business, provides a program of training, mentorship, and logistical support to assist entre-preneurs in growing their businesses; ‘‘(III) is managed by individuals, the ma-jority of whom are citizens of the United States or aliens lawfully admitted for per-manent residence; ‘‘(IV)(aa) regularly acquires an equity in-terest in companies that participate in its programs in which the majority of the cap-ital so invested is committed from individ-uals who are United States citizens or aliens lawfully admitted for permanent residence, or from entities organized under the laws of the United States or any State; or ‘‘(bb) is an entity that has received not less than $250,000 in funding from a qualified gov-ernment entity or entities during the pre-vious 5 years and regularly awards grants to companies that participate in its programs (in which case, such grant shall be treated as a qualified investment for purposes of clause (v)); ‘‘(V) during the previous 5 years, has ac-quired an equity interest in, or, in the case of an entity described in subclause (IV)(bb), regularly made grants to, not fewer than 10 United States business entities that— ‘‘(aa) have participated in its programs; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) have each secured at least $100,000 in initial investments; or ‘‘(BB) during any 2-year period following the date of such acquisition, have generated not less than $500,000 in aggregate annual revenue within the United States; ‘‘(VI) has its primary location in the United States; and 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00200 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.044 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S1129 February 14, 2018 
‘‘(VII) satisfies such other criteria as the Secretary may establish. ‘‘(viii) Q
UALIFIED VENTURE CAPITALIST .— The term ‘qualified venture capitalist’ means an entity that— ‘‘(I)(aa) is a venture capital operating com-pany (as defined in section 2510.3-101(d) of title 29, Code of Federal Regulations or any successor to such regulation); or ‘‘(bb) has management rights, as defined in, and to the extent required by, such sec-tion 2510.3-101(d) or successor regulation, in its portfolio companies; ‘‘(II) has capital commitments of not less than $10,000,000; and ‘‘(III) has an investment adviser that— ‘‘(aa) is registered under section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b-3); ‘‘(bb) has its primary office location in the United States; ‘‘(cc) is directly or indirectly owned by in-dividuals, the majority of whom are citizens of the United States or aliens lawfully ad-mitted for permanent residence in the United States; ‘‘(dd) has been advising such entity or other similar funds or entities for at least 2 years; and ‘‘(ee) has advised such entity or a similar fund or entity with respect to at least 2 in-vestments of not less than $500,000 made by such entity or similar fund or entity during each of the most recent 2 years. ‘‘(ix) S
ECRETARY .—Except as otherwise spe-cifically provided, the term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(x) S
ENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION .—The term ‘senior executive position’ includes the posi-tion of chief executive officer, chief tech-nology officer, and chief operating officer. ‘‘(xi) U
NITED STATES BUSINESS ENTITY .—The term ‘United States business entity’ means any corporation, company, association, firm, partnership, society, or joint stock company that is organized under the laws of the United States or any State and that con-ducts business in the United States that is not— ‘‘(I) a private fund (as defined in 202(a) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b-2)); ‘‘(II) a commodity pool (as defined in sec-tion 1a of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a)); ‘‘(III) an investment company (as defined in section 3 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-3); or ‘‘(IV) an issuer that would be an invest-ment company without an exemption pro-vided in— ‘‘(aa) section 3(c) of the Investment Com-pany Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a-3(c)); or ‘‘(bb) section 270.3a-7 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, or any similar suc-cessor regulation. ‘‘(B) I
N GENERAL .—Not more than 10,000 visas shall be available during each fiscal year for qualified immigrants seeking to enter the United States for the purpose of creating new businesses, as described in this paragraph. ‘‘(C) E
LIGIBILITY .—An alien who is a quali-fied entrepreneur is eligible for a visa under this paragraph if— ‘‘(i)(I) the alien maintained valid non-immigrant status in the United States for at least 2 years; ‘‘(II) during the 3-year period ending on the date the alien files an initial petition for such status under this section— ‘‘(aa)(AA) the alien has a significant own-ership in a United States business entity that has created not fewer than 5 qualified jobs; and ‘‘(BB) a qualified venture capitalist, a qualified angel investor, a qualified govern-ment entity, a qualified community develop-ment financial institution, qualified startup accelerator, or such other entity or type of investors, as determined by the Secretary, or any combination of such entities or inves-tors, has devoted a qualified investment or combination of qualified investments of not less than $500,000 to the alien’s United States business entity; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) the alien has a significant own-ership interest in a United States business entity that has created not fewer than 5 qualified jobs; and ‘‘(BB) during the 2-year period ending on such petition date, has generated not less than $500,000 in annual revenue within the United States; and ‘‘(III) not more than 2 other aliens have re-ceived nonimmigrant status under this sec-tion on the basis of an alien’s ownership of such United States business entity; or ‘‘(ii)(I) the alien maintained valid non-immigrant status in the United States for at least 3 years before the date on which the alien filed an application for such status; ‘‘(II) the alien holds an advanced degree in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics that has been approved by the Secretary; ‘‘(III) during the 3-year period ending on the date on which the alien files an initial petition for such status under this section— ‘‘(aa)(AA) the alien has a significant own-ership interest in a United States business entity that has created not fewer than 4 qualified jobs; and ‘‘(BB) a qualified venture capitalist, a qualified angel investor, a qualified govern-ment entity, a qualified community develop-ment financial institution, qualified startup accelerator, or such other entity or type of investors, as determined by the Secretary, or any combination of such entities or inves-tors, has devoted a qualified investment or combination of qualified investments of not less than $500,000 in total to the alien’s United States business entity; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) the alien has a significant own-ership interest in a United States business entity that has created not fewer than 3 qualified jobs; and ‘‘(BB) during the 2-year period ending on such petition date, the entity has generated not less than $500,000 in annual revenue with-in the United States; and ‘‘(IV) not more than 3 other aliens have re-ceived nonimmigrant status under this para-graph on the basis of an alien’s ownership of such United States business entity. ‘‘(D) NEW BUSINESS PLAN REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(i) I
N GENERAL .—A qualified entrepreneur shall submit a new business plan to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services if there has been a material change to the busi-ness plan referred to in subparagraph (A)(iii)(III). ‘‘(ii) P
RESUMPTION .—There shall be a pre-sumption in favor of approval for any new business plan submitted pursuant to clause (i). ‘‘(E) A
TTESTATION .—The Secretary may re-quire an alien seeking a visa under this para-graph to attest, under penalties of perjury, to the alien’s qualifications.’’. (3) N
OTIFICATION .— (A) F
EDERAL REGISTER .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall publish a notice in the Federal Register to notify affected aliens with respect to— (i) the availability of visas under para-graph (1); (ii) the manner in which the visas shall be allocated. (B) V
ISA BULLETIN .—The Secretary of State shall publish a notice in the monthly visa bulletin of the Department of State with re-spect to— (i) the availability of visas under para-graph (1); (ii) the manner in which the visas shall be allocated. f AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. CORNYN. Mr. President, I have 11 requests for committees to meet during today’s session of the Senate. They have the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committees are au-thorized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE , SCIENCE , AND 
TRANSPORTATION  
The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 9:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Joseph Simons, of Virginia, Christine S. Wil-son, of Virginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Com-missioner. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 10:30 a.m., to conduct a hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget.’’ 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing on the President’s budget and the fol-lowing nominations: Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environ-ment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambas-sador. 
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE  
The Committee on Finance is author-ized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND  
GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs is au-thorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 10 a.m., to conduct a busi-ness meeting and hearing on the fol-lowing nominations: Jeff T.H. Pon to be Director, Office of Personnel Man-agement and Michael Rigas, to be Dep-uty Director, Office of Personnel and Management. 
COMMITTEE ON INDIAN AFFAIRS  
The Committee on Indian Affairs is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Making Indian Country Count: Native Americans and the 2020 Census.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00201 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.044 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES1130 February 14, 2018 
COMMITTEE ON THE JUDICIARY  
The Committee on the Judiciary is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, at 10 a.m. to conduct a hearing on the following nominations: Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Cir-cuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Dela-ware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Florida, and Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. 
COMMITTEE ON SMALL BUSINESS  
The Committee on Small Business is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 3:30 p.m., to conduct a hear-ing on the following nominations: avid Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be In-spector General, both of the Small Business Administration. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON PERSONNEL  
The Subcommittee on Personnel of the Committee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 3 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON READINESS AND  
MANAGEMENT SUPPORT  
The Subcommittee on Readiness and Management Support of the Com-mittee on Armed Services is authorized to meet during the session of the Sen-ate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 2:30 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
SUBCOMMITTEE ON NATIONAL PARKS  
The Subcommittee on National Parks of the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources is authorized to meet during the session of the Senate on Wednesday, February, 14, 2018, at 3 p.m., to conduct a hearing. 
f 
PRIVILEGES OF THE FLOOR Mr. MERKLEY. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that my intern, Amanda Power, be granted privileges of the floor for the remainder of the day. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
SERGEANT ERNEST I. ‘‘BOOTS’’ THOMAS VA CLINIC Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Com-mittee on Veterans’ Affairs be dis-charged from further consideration of S. 2246 and the Senate proceed to its immediate consideration. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The clerk will report the bill by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: A bill (S. 2246) to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the bill. Mr. M
CCONNELL. I further ask unanimous consent that the bill be considered read a third time and passed and the motion to reconsider be consid-ered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The bill (S. 2246) was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, was read the third time, and passed, as follows: 
S. 2246 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rep-resentatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REDESIGNATION OF A DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC IN FLORIDA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Health Care Center of the Department of Veterans Affairs lo-cated at 2181 Orange Avenue in Tallahassee, Florida, shall after the date of the enact-ment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant Ernest I. ‘Boots’ Thomas VA Clinic’’. (b) R
EFERENCES .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the clin-ic referred to in paragraph (1) shall be con-sidered to be a reference to the Sergeant Er-nest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic. f 
AUTHORIZING REPRESENTATION BY SENATE LEGAL COUNSEL Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the consideration of S. Res. 406, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The senior assistant legislative clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 406) to authorize rep-resentation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of United States v. Ahmed Alahmedalabdaloklah. 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the reso-lution be agreed to, the preamble be agreed to, and the motions to recon-sider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening action or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 406) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s RECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2018 Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Thursday, Feb-ruary 15; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of pro-ceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning busi-ness be closed; finally, I ask that fol-lowing leader remarks, the Senate re-sume consideration of H.R. 2579. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order. There being no objection, the Senate, at 7:37 p.m., adjourned until Thursday, February 15, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
f 
DISCHARGED NOMINATION The Senate Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation was discharged from further consider-ation of the following nomination by unanimous consent and the nomination was confirmed: 
COAST GUARD NOMINATIONS BEGINNING WITH REAR ADM. (LH) STEVEN J. ANDERSEN AND ENDING WITH REAR ADM. (LH) KEITH M. SMITH, WHICH NOMINATIONS WERE RECEIVED BY THE SENATE AND APPEARED IN THE CONGRESSIONAL RECORD ON MAY 16, 2017. 
f 
CONFIRMATIONS Executive nominations confirmed by the Senate February 14, 2018: 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT  
MARGARET WEICHERT, OF GEORGIA, TO BE DEPUTY DI-RECTOR FOR MANAGEMENT, OFFICE OF MANAGEMENT AND BUDGET. 
IN THE COAST GUARD  
THE FOLLOWING NAMED OFFICERS FOR APPOINTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES COAST GUARD TO THE GRADE IN-DICATED UNDER TITLE 14, U.S.C., SECTION 271(D): 
To be rear admiral 
REAR ADM. (LH) STEVEN J. ANDERSEN REAR ADM. (LH) KEITH M. SMITH 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:05 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00202 Fmt 4624 Sfmt 9801 E:\CR\FM\A14FE6.041 S14FEPT1dlhill on DSK3GLQ082PROD with SENATE
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE181 February 14, 2018 
RECOGNIZING JAMES KISER AS 2018 CITIZEN OF THE YEAR 
HON. PETER J. ROSKAM 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. James Kiser of Darien, Illinois on being named the City of Darien’s Citizen of the Year for 2018. After decades of service to his community, Jim is well-deserving of this recognition. Now Mr. Speaker, you might won-der ‘‘what did he do’’? Since joining the Darien Lions Club in 1997, Jim has taken the organization’s motto, ‘‘We Serve,’’ to heart and is known around town as ‘‘Mr. Lion.’’ He served as the Club’s President from 2013 to 2014 and has held all 12 posi-tions on the Board of Directors. In this capac-ity, he coordinated a 4th of July Parade, a Halloween party for children and a charity golf outing that benefitted the community. It is clear that the Darien Lions Club is im-portant to Jim, but his service is not limited to the group’s work. Annually, he assists the Darien Chamber of Commerce in planning and setting up Darienfest. In 2005 and 2008, he coordinated the Darienfest Corn Tent, and in 2009, it was the Darienfest Beer Tent. Re-gardless of the role assigned to him, he finds a way to make his impact felt. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratu-lating Mr. James Kiser on being named the City of Darien’s Citizen of the Year for 2018. 
f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF CHARLES M
CGAHA 
HON. DOUG LaMALFA 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. L
AMALFA. Mr. Speaker, Charles ‘‘Char-lie’’ McGaha was born on June 22, 1927 in Sevier County, Tennessee. The youngest of nine children, the McGaha family headed out west when Charlie was four. The family trav-eled through Oklahoma before finally settling in Chowchilla, California where he attended local schools. After High school, he began working at Danish Creamery in Chowchilla. He joined the Navy in 1945 and served our coun-try for two years. After his honorable dis-charge in 1947, he returned to work at Danish Creamery where they held his job while he served in the Navy. In September 1951, he married the love of his life, Mary Zandona. They had two daugh-ters, Lori and Lisa. Charlie loved to hunt, fish, and ride motorcycles. He prided himself that at the age of 45, he could go dirt bike riding and keep up with the teenagers. He retired from Danish Creamery in 1983 after working for 38 years as a foreman at both the Chowchilla and Fresno plants. Upon retiring, he learned to play golf. He enjoyed the courses at Fresno West, Madera Municipal, and Pheasant Run in Chowchilla. On October 11, 1999 he got a Hole in One at Pheasant Run Golf Course. Charlie and Mary also enjoyed traveling to-gether. They visited many National Parks and always loved going to Pismo Beach. Charles is survived by his wife Mary McGaha, his sister Reba Rodriguez of Con-cord, two daughters, Lori Dill (Russell), of Washington, Lisa Zurilgen (Walt), of Chowchilla, four granddaughters and 13 great grandchildren. f 
RECOGNITION OF NATIONAL COURT REPORTING AND CAP-TIONING WEEK 
HON. RON KIND 
OF WISCONSIN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. KIND. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in rec-ognition of National Court Reporting and Cap-tioning Week and in appreciation of court re-porters across the country. Our court reporters play a critical role in our communities—they hold the vital responsibility to record history, assist those who are deaf or hard of hearing, and preserve judicial proceedings. I witnessed the dedication and professionalism of court re-porters through my time as a special pros-ecutor, but more importantly I have seen the tremendous devotion of court reporters through my wife, Tawni, who has been a court reporter in western Wisconsin for over 25 years. Additionally, I want to recognize the outstanding work done by the Official House reporters, who transcribe proceedings ver-batim in the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD and pro- vide needed support for congressional com-mittees. The National Court Reporters Association and its members have also been instrumental for the success of the Veterans History Project, which was created by legislation I au-thored. This project is the largest oral history collection in United States history, having col-lected over 100,000 stories from our nation’s veterans that are permanently stored at the Li-brary of Congress and available to the public. Shortly after the Veterans History Project was launched, court reporters across the country partnered with the Library of Congress to preserve the narratives of our nation’s vet-erans by assisting in transcribing veterans’ stories. To date, over 4,000 oral history tran-scripts have been submitted by court reporters to the Library of Congress. Not only have court reporters worked diligently with the Li-brary of Congress to transcribe stories that had already been submitted, but many have personally interviewed veterans within their own communities. Without this admirable dedi-cation from court reporters throughout the country, we would not be able to preserve many of these veterans’ stories or record the sacrifices they made for our nation. The National Court Reporters Foundation also launched a program called ‘‘The Hard of Hearing Heroes Project,’’ where veterans with hearing loss can be interviewed for the Vet-erans History Project through the use of real time captioning. This is a vital service because hearing loss is among the most common serv-ice-connected injury and an estimated 60 per-cent of veterans from the post 9/11 era who have returned from Iraq and Afghanistan suf-fer some form of hearing loss. The ‘‘Hard of Hearing Heroes Project’’ will help ensure every veteran has a chance to share his or her story. As we celebrate National Court Reporting and Captioning Week, I want to thank the Na-tional Court Reporters Association and its many members throughout the country for their contributions to preserving history and for supporting those who are deaf or hard of hearing. I also particularly want to thank court reporters for their commitment to the Veterans History Project and to preserving veterans’ stories for generations to come. f 
IN HONOR OF THE UNVEILING OF THE TUSKEGEE ARMY AIR FIELD HANGAR HISTORICAL MARKER 
HON. MARTHA ROBY 
OF ALABAMA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the unveiling of the Tuskegee Army Air Field Hangar Historical Marker. In 1941, the Tuskegee Army Air program was established to train approximately 1,000 of the first African-American pilots in U.S. mili-tary history during World War II. Along with over 13,000 support personnel, this group be-came known as the Tuskegee Airmen. The most well known of the Tuskegee Airmen were the members of the 332nd Fighter Group and its four fighter squadrons. The Tuskegee Airmen’s 332nd Fighter Group and 99th fighter squadron flew approximately 1500 combat missions, scoring 112 aerial victories, earning 96 Distinguished Flying Crosses and three Distinguished Unit citations. The Tuskegee Army Air Field closed in 1947 and the facility’s three hangars were re-located to municipal airports in Montgomery, Clanton, and Troy. However, the Tuskegee Army Air Field Hangar structure remains large-ly unchanged from the days of the Tuskegee Airmen. On August 11, 2017 the Tuskegee Army Air Field Hangar was added to the Alabama Reg-ister of Landmarks and Heritage. This Register includes historic, architectural, and archae-ological landmarks that are deemed worthy of both recognition and preservation. Mr. Speaker, it is my privilege to join many others in recognizing the Tuskegee Army Air Field Hangar for its historical significance to the State of Alabama and to our Nation. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\K14FE8.001 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE182 February 14, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF MR. ERNEST ‘‘BOBO’’ CLOUD, JR. 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to a dedicated mortician and compassionate public servant, the Honorable Ernest ‘‘Bobo’’ Cloud, Jr., who will celebrate 33 years of distinguished service to the City of Cairo, Georgia. His celebration will take place on Saturday, February 17, 2018 at Mount Cal-vary Missionary Baptist Church in Cairo. Ernest Cloud, Jr. was born on May 4, 1948, to the union of the late Ernest Cloud, Sr. and Sarah Brown-Cloud. He graduated from Washington Consolidated High School in 1966, and went on to attend and graduate from Gupton-Jones School of Mortuary Science in Atlanta, Georgia in 1971. After graduation, he received a greater calling upon his life and enlisted in the United States Army. But, this was not the only calling that he would receive in his lifetime. Ernest continued to pur-sue his interest in mortuary science by serving in the funeral service business alongside his father. Mr. Cloud’s distinguished civil service has been mirrored by his extensive involvement in his community. In conjunction with his profes-sional accomplishments, Mr. Cloud served on several boards, including the boards of the Georgia Funeral Service Practitioners Associa-tion, Inc. (where he served as the Budget and Convention Chairmen and the Past President), the Cairo Civics Club (where he served as the County Chairman), the Cairo High School Booster Club (where he served as President), Epsilon Nu Delta Mortuary Fraternity, Inc. (where he served as the Vice President for GA, FL, and AL), and the Fourth District Fu-neral Service of Georgia Practitioners Associa-tion, Inc. (where he served as the Assistant Secretary). He also belonged to a number of prestigious organizations, such as the Grady County Branch of the NAACP, the Georgia State Board of Funeral Services, the Suwanee River Area Council Boy Scouts of America, and several others. A trailblazer of firsts, Ernest was the first Af-rican-American Emergency Medical Techni-cian (EMT) in Grady County, and in 1985, he became the first African-American to serve on the Cairo City Council. He has held this pres-tigious seat for the past 33 years. Dr. Benjamin E. Mays often said: ‘‘You make your living by what you get, you make your life by what you give.’’ We are so grateful that Mr. Cloud has given his time and service to the City of Cairo. A man of great integrity, his efforts, his dedication, and his expertise are unparalleled. The light in Cairo, Georgia shines a little brighter because of Ernest Cloud, Jr. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me, my wife Vivian, and the more than 730,000 residents of Georgia’s Second Con-gressional District in thanking Mr. Ernest ‘‘Bobo’’ Cloud, Jr. for 33 outstanding years of service to the City of Cairo, Georgia, our state, and our nation. IN RECOGNITION OF THE JEWISH COMMUNITY ALLIANCE HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the hard-working men and women of the David A. Stein Jewish Community Alliance on the celebration of their 30th Anniversary of enriching the lives of those with a variety of needs. JCA is a pillar in our Jacksonville community. The Jewish Community Alliance (JCA) is a non-profit com-munity center affiliated with the Jacksonville Jewish Federation, the United Way of North-east Florida and the Jewish Community Cen-ters of North America. Its focus is to enhance the quality of life for families and individuals of all ages, religions, races, financial means, and physical and mental abilities. To this end, JCA has impacted tens of thou-sands of citizens in our community. Situated on the Ed Parker Jewish Community Campus, JCA welcomes preschool-age children to get a good start in life and embraces teens and adults to join classes on health, heritage and other diverse subjects. At the JCA, there is a spirit of intergenerational sharing of values and ideas. The after-school and school-closed day programs give peace of mind to working parents, both married and single. Seniors and adults with special needs are offered opportu-nities to reach their potential with dignity and tradition. The JCA facility offers swimming, theatre and camp programs, fitness and exercise classes, sports teams, and art and academic classes to all members and welcomes all for membership. JCA offers an array of creative and innovative classes, programs and events sure to inspire and benefit participants. Mr. Speaker, I ask you and Members of the House to join me in acknowledging the 30th Anniversary of the JCA and its commitment to the community. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LUIS V. GUTIE´RREZ 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was un-avoidably absent in the House chamber for Roll Call votes 70 and 71 on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 13, 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted Yea on Roll Call votes 70 and 71. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE KNIGHTS OF LITHUANIA COUNCIL 143 AND THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF LITHUANIA INDEPENDENCE 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Knights of Lithuania Coun-cil 143 as they celebrate the 100th Anniver-sary of Lithuania’s independence. The Knights of Lithuania is an organization of Roman Catholic men and women of Lithuanian ances-try located in Pittston, Pennsylvania. Organized on April 27, 1913, the Knights of Lithuania was originally established as a youth organization. Its mission was to unite young Lithuanians living in the United States, pre-serve Lithuanian culture, and restore freedom to Lithuania, which, at the time, was divided between Russia and Germany. In more recent times, it has become a fam-ily organization. St. Casimir, patron saint of Lithuania’s youth, is honored as the organiza-tion’s patron. ‘‘For God and Country,’’ is the motto of Knights of Lithuania, and its members keep an appreciation of the Lithuanian lan-guage and culture alive, while also stressing the importance of Roman Catholic beliefs. It is an honor to recognize the Knights of Lithuania as they celebrate 100 years of Lith-uanian independence. I am grateful for their work preserving Lithuanian traditions for the citizens of the Greater Pittston. I wish their membership all the best as they continue their important mission. f 
HONORING COUNCILMAN JIM BAYMAN 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Whitley County Councilman Jim Bayman. For 36 years, Councilman Bayman has represented all or parts of Wash-ington, Cleveland, Jefferson and Columbia Townships. I had the honor of serving with Councilman Bayman in 2009 and 2010, and I saw firsthand the positive influence he has had on the people of his district and our Coun-ty. Councilman Bayman is hard-working, hon-est and a caring public servant. I wish him the best as he begins the next chapter of his life. Whitley County will miss his leadership and commitment to public service. 
f 
HONORING LINDA RUFFING 
HON. JARED HUFFMAN 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Linda Ruffing, who is retiring from her position as the City Manager of Fort Bragg on February 14, 2018. Born in Pennsylvania, Linda Ruffing came to California to attend college at the University of California, Santa Cruz. She received a Mas-ter’s Degree from the University of California, Berkeley, before moving to Fort Bragg in 1992 to work for Mendocino County as a coastal planner. Linda began her career at the City of Fort Bragg in 1999 as the director of community development and became City Manager in 2006. In addition to her exceptional character, judgment, ethics and values, Linda has pro-vided critical leadership on many initiatives for the city, including the acquisition of 95 acres of parkland and a site for the Noyo Science Center on the former mill site, which includes 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.001 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE183 February 14, 2018 
over 2 miles of coastal trail. Under her leader-ship, a ban was instituted on foam containers and plastic bags in the city. She also led Fort Bragg to become the first city to allow food waste in yard waste recycling, and in becom-ing the first Bee City in California. As the city manager, Linda has worked with 12 different councilmembers and three dif-ferent mayors, and gracefully navigated a spectrum of politics, challenges, and crises. She has been responsible for implementing 78 ordinances and managing $33 million in cap-ital improvement projects. Linda leaves the city with a stable and successful management team and a staff dedicated to improving the quality of life for the residents of Fort Bragg. In her spare time, Linda serves the public as a Rotarian, an active mentor for the Inter-act Afterschool Program, and she volunteers for many teen leadership events. She is also the mother of two children, Eli and Jasper Henderson. Linda Ruffing has been a dedicated and ef-fective public servant for 26 years, and I hope you will join me in recognizing her many ac-complishments and sending her best wishes on her retirement. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. DEVIN NUNES 
OF CALIFORNIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, on the legislative day of Tuesday, February 13, 2018, I was un-avoidably detained and was unable to cast a vote on two Roll Call Votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: on Roll Call No. 70—YES; and Roll Call No. 71—YES. 
f 
100TH ANNIVERSARY OF BROOK-LYN CHAMBER OF COMMERCE 
HON. HAKEEM S. JEFFRIES 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of the 100th Anniversary of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce. On February 10, 2018, the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce celebrated a century of strengthening local businesses and making invaluable contribu-tions to the local economy. Established in 1918, the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce has assisted businesses through innovative programs that have helped grow and promote Brooklyn’s economic land-scape. In 1922, the organization expanded their outreach by hosting the Manufacturers Industrial Show, highlighting over 200 Brook-lyn manufacturers and opened its membership to women. Just five years later, the chamber of commerce had become the second largest in the United States. In the 1980’s the United States Small Busi-ness Administration formally recognized the Brooklyn Chamber and their commitment to protecting and promoting the commercial and industrial components of the city and their out-reach efforts, technical assistance and refer-rals on behalf of minority and women-owned businesses. Under the leadership of Andrew Hoan, President and CEO of the Chamber has expe-rienced considerable growth, exceeding over 2,000 members and launching several exciting initiatives across the borough. As an example, Explore BK, Brooklyn Made have allowed tour-ists and Brooklynites alike to connect with local businesses and provided businesses with a national platform. The continued success of the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce would not be possible without the support and dedi-cation of its faithful partners and members. Mr. Speaker, in honor of the history and leg-acy of this trailblazing organization and the many committed people who make it a suc-cess, I ask that you and my other distin-guished colleagues join me in congratulating the Brooklyn Chamber of Commerce on its 100th anniversary. f 
RECOGNIZING FATHER MARTIN ELSNER, SJ 
HON. JOAQUIN CASTRO 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Father Martin Elsner, SJ, who passed away on February 4, 2018. Fa-ther Elsner hailed from my hometown of San Antonio, and we will miss him deeply. Father Elsner was born in St. Louis on Sep-tember 1, 1931. He attended Jesuit High in Dallas and Price High in Amarillo and later continued his studies at St. Charles College. Father Elsner went on to earn a bachelor’s de-gree in English at Spring Hill College in Mo-bile, Alabama; a master’s degree in Education; and studied theology at St. Mary’s College in St. Marys, Kansas. Prior to his ministry in San Antonio, Father Elsner began his priestly ministry in Shreve-port, Louisiana, where he served as an assist-ant principal at Jesuit High School from 1964 to 1968. After, Father Elsner was appointed Rector-President at Jesuit High School in El Paso, Texas, where eventually he also served as both President and Principal. After three years in school administration in El Paso, he was Pastor for eight years at St. Joseph Church in Houston, Texas and was also a reli-gious leader at the Metropolitan Organization in Houston. Continuing his ministry in Texas, Father Elsner became a Pastor at Our Lady of Gua-dalupe Parish in San Antonio where he re-mained until just last year—serving twice as a Pastor and many years as an associate. Fa-ther Elsner was also active in the Commu-nities Organized for Public Service (COPS) and was also spiritual director at Assumption Seminary in San Antonio from 2011 to 2017. Father Elsner was a true pillar in San Anto-nio and to the state of Texas—always giving back to the community and making our state shine it’s brightest. Father Elsner was very ac-tive in the Texas Coalition to Abolish the Death Penalty, as well as the Southside Con-sortium for Catholic Schools and Westside Catholic Schools. He also frequently served as a celebrant for the televised Mass on Catholic Television of San Antonio. Throughout his lifetime, he received awards of Outstanding Leader recognition from the archdiocesan Department of Catholic Schools in 1997, and the Benetia Humanitarian Award from the Missionary Catechists of Divine Prov-idence in 2013. These awards don’t even fully explain what Father Elsner accomplished in his lifetime. Father Elsner was a kind and humble man, dedicated to bettering the lives of the people in San Antonio and everywhere else he spent time. His footprint is everlasting, and his lead-ership as an educator and religious figure to many will be greatly missed. f 
WELCOME SLOANE DACHISEN BRAVO 
HON. JOE WILSON 
OF SOUTH CAROLINA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speak-er, I am happy to congratulate Summer Buchanan Bravo and her husband, Matthew Edward Bravo, on the birth of their new baby girl, Sloane Dachisen Bravo. Sloane Dachisen Bravo was born on February 3, 2018, at Sib-ley Memorial Hospital in Washington, D.C. Sloane weighed seven pounds and eight ounces and measured 19 and 
3⁄4inches long. I would also like to congratulate Sloane’s grandparents, Steve and Barbara Buchanan of Birmingham, Alabama, and Charles and Linda Bravo of Fairfax, Virginia. Congratulations to the entire family as they welcome their newest addition of pure pride and joy. 
f 
THOMAS REYNOLDS 
HON. LUKE MESSER 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a friend of mine, Thomas Reynolds, who passed away recently at the age of 68 in Indianapolis, Indiana. Tom was born in Muncie, Indiana on No-vember 6, 1949. He worked for Delta Faucet in Greensburg with my Mom, for a total of 42 years until he retired in 2013, and was married to Amy Kay Fisher on April 15, 2000, who pre-ceded him in death on November 26, 2015. Tom was a member of the YMCA for many years, and was an avid high school basketball fan that attended numerous boy’s and girl’s games over the years, who loved to watch his grandsons play baseball. Throughout his life Tom had a profound impact on countless Hoo-siers. On a personal note, Thomas Reynolds had a giant personality and was someone whose support and guidance I could always count on. He was supportive, as a baseball coach, early on in my life and I’m greatly appreciative of his friendship and leadership. He will be mourned most by those who knew him best, and he will be missed by all. Tom is survived by three sons: Craig (Mandy) Reynolds; Cris (Angie) Reynolds; Bobby (Heather) Reynolds; brother, Steven Loyd; sis-ter, Rita Reynolds; and six grandchildren, Cade, Sydney, Corey, Trevor, A.J., and Cole Reynolds. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.006 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE184 February 14, 2018 
PITTSBURGH SUPERCOMPUTING CENTER RETIREMENTS 
HON. MICHAEL F. DOYLE 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note a major mile-stone in the life of the Pittsburgh Supercom-puting Center, a federally supported research facility in southwestern Pennsylvania. Three people responsible for founding and building the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center are re-tiring after many years of stellar leadership there. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center, an institution established and managed by Car-negie Mellon University and the University of Pittsburgh, provides both public and private- sector researchers nationwide with access to high-performance computers for unclassified research. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center is also a leading partner in the Ex-treme Science and Engineering Discovery En-vironment, the National Science Foundation’s cyber-infrastructure program. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center was founded in 1986 by two physicists, Michael Levine from Carnegie Mellon University and Ralph Roskies from the University of Pitts-burgh, along with Jim Kasdorf, the Manager of Engineering Computer Services at Westing-house. They believed that the Pittsburgh re-gion needed a national high-performance com-puting center run by and for researchers. Working with leading-edge suppliers, co-di-rectors Levine and Roskies attracted and fos-tered a team that has designed and built high-ly advanced and productive high-performance computing systems. Back in 1986, Jim Kasdorf was the Manager for Engineering Computer Services at Westinghouse, where he was responsible for everything—planning, computer acquisition, systems programming, day-to-day operations, and user support. De-spite those demands, he also took on spear-heading Westinghouse’s support for the new facility. Jim eventually joined the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center as Director of Special Projects, where he assisted with ongoing fund-ing opportunities and technology develop-ments. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center rap-idly earned a reputation for acquiring, install-ing, and deploying systems that were ‘‘serial number 1’’ or ‘‘serial number 2’’ and/or the first to ship to a customer, making it a highly pro-ductive research leader. As a result, each new system enabled a new generation of research to be conducted: In 1987, Levine and Roskies established a biomedical group that created a unique re-source for exploring the subcellular structure of the nervous system and also developed unique capabilities in the growing field of bioinformatics and spawned formal graduate and undergraduate programs across the coun-try. In the 1990s, Roskies personally made ar-rangements for time to be set aside on the center’s Cray C90 for tornado prediction ef-forts that led to today’s tornado predictions— the first time a supercomputing center had dedicated time to a single application for such societally important, time-sensitive work. In 2001, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center’s Terascale Computing System ranked number 2 on the Top 500 list of the world’s most powerful computing systems. In 2010, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center formed an internationally respected Public Health Applications Group. Today, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Cen-ter’s systems have increasingly focused on Big Data analytics, empowering a new genera-tion of research in artificial intelligence, the life sciences, the social sciences, and the digital humanities. The retirement of these three pioneers from their leadership posts at the Pittsburgh Super-computing Center offers an occasion for re-flecting on their role in furthering the science of high-performance computing, expanding STEM and economic opportunities in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and contrib-uting to the region’s expanding role as a hot- spot for computing innovation. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center’s work has had a profound impact on the West-ern Pennsylvania region and the Common-wealth as a whole. The Pittsburgh Supercom-puting Center has established a tradition of using the latest information technologies for the advancement of research, education and corporate competitiveness in the region and the state. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center’s culture of encouraging innovation and entrepreneurial activity enabled the creation of the Three Rivers Optical Exchange, which today provides high-bandwidth research net-working and/or low-cost commodity Internet to a growing list of institutions in the region and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, including universities, research facilities and high schools. To help build the region’s STEM workforce, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center offers educational programs for students and teach-ers at the K–20 level. Open education re-source materials (available on the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center website at www.psc.edu) are offered online as well as by many of these programs. The Bioinformatics Education for program STudents exposes teachers to modem molecular biology con-cepts by incorporating computational biology and bioinformatics into high school curricula. The Bioinformatics Education for program STudents curriculum has been adopted at 15 regional high schools. In economic impact, the Pittsburgh Super-computing Center has brought over $500 mil-lion in outside funds into Pennsylvania, em-powering high-performance computing-driven research findings at Carnegie Mellon and Pitt, as well as many of the region’s other univer-sities. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center has been responsible for generating 1,600 jobs and over $200 million in annual economic activity. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Cen-ter’s impact also includes helping to meet the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania’s need for a growing STEM workforce. In addition to supporting the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the Pittsburgh Supercom-puting Center has put the state ‘‘on the map’’ in the high-performance computing commu-nity. The Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center has innovated high-performance computing software and architecture that has helped drive research around the world. The Pitts-burgh Supercomputing Center’s work in net-working has helped provide the critical con-nections that enable researchers to make pro-ductive use of powerful resources that their in-dividual institutions would never be able to af-ford. Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center soft-ware researchers have created a family of open-source tools that are helping to power Big Data analytics on a similar scale. Its bio-medical and Public Health groups are fueling the fine-scale exploration of brain structure and revolutionizing public health efforts by op-timizing medical supply delivery and revealing how offering people more options can encour-age vaccination. And its championing of the creation of supercomputers tailored to new communities of researchers with Big Data needs—typified by the new Bridges system, which has set new standards for accessibility to researchers without supercomputing experi-ence—have supercharged research efforts in fields that never before used high-performance computing. This innovative approach to high-perform-ance computing has touched scientists, engi-neers, and humanities researchers across the country and the world. In collaborations such as the Extreme Science and Engineering Dis-covery Environment, the National Science Foundation’s network of supercomputing cen-ters, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center has played a leading role, providing computa-tional, storage, and human resources that con-tinue to power research projects coast to coast. The result has been a host of tremen-dous scientific advances made possible by its high-performance computing systems. In the educational sphere, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center’s NIH-funded Minority Access to Research Careers bioinformatics program helped 12 minority-serving institutions across the country institute classes or full cur-riculums in bioinformatics, preparing their stu-dents for 21st-century life sciences careers; the Minority Access to Research Careers pro-gram’s summer institute offered summer re-cess projects to undergraduate and graduate students at these institutions as well. Levine and Roskies created an environment for innovation at each stage: assembling the team that won the first National Science Foun-dation award; hiring key people with unique skills; and then empowering them to make in-novative contributions. Their 31 years of serv-ice in leading the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center fostered a community of scientific and computing researchers that enable scientific discovery by re-thinking the architecture and software of the systems they make available. I want to commend Dr. Levine, Dr. Roskies, and Mr. Kasdorf for their more than 30 years of important contributions to science and the economy of Southwestern Pennsylvania. I want to congratulate them on a well-earned retirement and wish them the best in the years ahead. 
f 
IN HONOR OF MINISTER OLLIE W. TARVER 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to extend my sincerest congratulations and Happy Birthday wishes to a dedicated woman of God, community servant, and friend of longstanding, Minister Ollie W. Tarver, who is celebrating her 82nd birthday on Saturday, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.012 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE185 February 14, 2018 
February 17, 2018. On this day, there will be a celebration at Dawson Elementary School located at 180 Northstar Drive in Columbus, Georgia. Minister Ollie Woods Tarver was born on February 17, 1936 in Hatchechubee, Alabama to the union of the late Mr. William Woods and Minister Mattie Mae Woods. A product of the Russell County School System, she graduated from Russell County Training School, and went on to earn a Bachelor’s of Science de-gree from Albany State University and a Mas-ter’s of Science degree from Fort Valley State University in Elementary Education. Through-out her career, she taught in the Muscogee County School System for 31 years. Minister Tarver is not only a profound edu-cator but also a strong spiritual leader. Throughout her pastoral career, she has played a leading role in several religious-affili-ated and community-based organizations. In addition to serving as pastor of Ollie Tarver Ministries, she has also served as Chaplain for several institutions and entities including: Christian Life School of Theology; Beacon University; Columbus Chamber of Commerce; Columbus City Council; and Fountain City Care and Rehabilitation. George Washington Carver once said, ‘‘How far you go in life depends on your being ten-der with the young, compassionate with the aged, sympathetic with the striving and toler-ant of the weak and strong because someday in your life you will have been all of these.’’ Minister Tarver has gone far in life because her everlasting faith in the Lord is vivid testi-mony of His greatness to all whom she en-counters. Her love and commitment to Christ is reflected in her compassionate leadership, which makes her a guiding light within the community. Minister Tarver has accomplished many things in her life but none of these would have been possible without the grace of God and her loving husband, Otis; their son, Earl; six grandchildren; and three great-grandchildren. On a personal note, my wife Vivian and I have truly been blessed by Minister Tarver’s sage counsel, encouragement, and enduring friend-ship over the many years that we have known her. Mr. Speaker, my wife Vivian and I, along with the more than 730,000 constituents of the Second Congressional District of Georgia ask my colleagues in the House to join us in com-mending and recognizing Minister Ollie W. Tarver for her selfless service to God, the church, and to humankind. We extend our best wishes to her as she and her family and friends celebrate her 82nd birthday. 
f 
RECOGNIZING MS. HOLLY ADAMS FOR HER INTERNSHIP WITH THE UNI-CAPITOL WASHINGTON IN-TERNSHIP PROGRAMME 
HON. ALCEE L. HASTINGS 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ms. Holly Adams. Holly has been an intern in my Washington, D.C. Congres-sional office since the beginning of January, through the Uni-Capitol Washington Internship Programme (UCWIP). For the past 19 years, the program has paired students from nearly a dozen partner universities in Australia with offices on Capitol Hill, giving hundreds of students the oppor-tunity to work in the halls of Congress. I have been honored to host a number of extremely talented interns through the UCWIP. Holly is, of course, no exception. Holly is currently enrolled at Deakin Univer-sity in Geelong, Victoria, where she is pur-suing a Bachelor of Laws Degree and a Bach-elor of International Studies Degree: As a stu-dent of International studies, she has already travelled extensively, participating in inter-national politics study tours in Boston, Phila-delphia, Washington, New York, as well as Tokyo. Holly has proven herself to be a very hard-working and dedicated individual. Throughout her internship, she has interacted extensively with my constituents, by drafting correspond-ence, helping to address questions, com-ments, and concerns for those contacting or visiting my office. She has also attended a number of hearings and briefings on a wide range of topics facing our nation and world. ’ Indeed, Holly proved herself to be so capa-ble, she prepared a FY2019 Programmatic Request letter for circulation throughout the U.S. House of Representatives on rail safety. It is no wonder that she was chosen by her classmates to give the ‘‘valedictory’’ speech at her program’s closing reception. Last year, Holly was accepted to study inter-national human rights at Kings College, Lon-don. I have no doubt that she will do great as she continues her studies. I am proud to con-gratulate Holly on all of her achievements, and to thank her for everything that she has done for my office, my district, state, and our coun-try. She has a very bright and exciting future ahead of her, and I wish her the very best. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JENNIFER FRIZZELL FOR HER 15 YEARS OF SERVICE AT PLANNED PARENT-HOOD OF NORTHERN NEW ENG-LAND 
HON. ANN M. KUSTER 
OF NEW HAMPSHIRE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer my sincere grati-tude for Jennifer Frizzell as she moves on after fifteen years from her role leading public policy work for Planned Parenthood of North-ern New England. Throughout Jennifer’s long career as an ad-vocate for reproductive rights and improved access to family planning resources, she has helped support women across New Hampshire in obtaining well-deserved quality healthcare. Whether it’s been advocacy to protect buffer zones outside of clinics or fighting against a lawsuit to prevent the opening of a Planned Parenthood in downtown Manchester, Jennifer has made invaluable contributions to our state and the country. Her commitment and com-passion have improved the lives of countless women in need, and she has cultivated a bet-ter future for Granite State women and fami-lies. On behalf of New Hampshire’s Second Con-gressional District and all those who have benefitted from Jennifer’s work, I thank her for her incredible service and congratulate her on all that she has accomplished. I wish her the best of luck in the years ahead, and I look for-ward to our continued work together to make New Hampshire an even better place to live, work, and raise a family. f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. VICENTE GONZALEZ 
OF TEXAS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast my vote for Roll Call vote 70 on February 13, 2018. Had I been present, my vote would have been the following: Yea on Roll Call Vote 70. 
f 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. FRANK A. LoBIONDO 
OF NEW JERSEY  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. L
OBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I will miss votes scheduled for Wednesday, February 14 and Thursday, February 15, 2018 due to the planned funeral of my oldest brother George LoBiondo in Rosenhayn, New Jersey. 
f 
HONORING RONALD E. JACKSON FOR OVER 50 YEARS SERVING IN THE ESSEX FIRE DEPARTMENT 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ronald E. Jackson for over 50 years of service in the Essex Fire Department. Ron joined the Essex Fire Department in 1964, where he held the roles of Fire Lieuten-ant, EMS Captain, Fire District Commissioner, Assistant Fire Chief, and Fire Chief. He re-mains active in the Department to this day, re-sponding to fire and EMS calls as a volunteer member of Department. For Ron, fire fighting runs in the family. He followed his father Gerald’s lead in becoming a firefighter, and was glad to pass on the torch to his son, Craig, and his grandsons, Warren and Benjamin, who all currently serve. Ron is truly dedicated to his community. When tragedy struck New York on September 11, 2001, Ron bravely served as a responder at Ground Zero in the days following the at-tack. A true public servant, Ron now serves as Essex Town Supervisor and formerly chaired the Essex County Republicans. I would like to thank Ron for his many years of public service to the people of New York, especially to the town of Essex. His commit-ment to serving others sets a wonderful exam-ple for the residents of New York’s 21st Dis-trict. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.013 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE186 February 14, 2018 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE AMER-ICAN SOCIETY OF HEATING, RE-FRIGERATING, AND AIR-CONDI-TIONING ENGINEERS AND NA-TIONAL ENGINEERS WEEK 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the Anthracite Chapter of the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE) as it celebrates National Engineers Week. The American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers was originally formed in 1894 as American Society of Heat-ing and Ventilating Engineers. With its inter-national membership of over 56,000, ASHRAE works to make sustainable advancements in technology for heating, ventilation, air condi-tioning, and refrigeration. Since 1951, National Engineers Week has celebrated the countless contributions engi-neers have made to our country. National En-gineers Week is formally recognized by a coa-lition of more than 70 engineering, education, and cultural societies, with over fifty corpora-tions and government agencies dedicated to raising public awareness on the effect engi-neering has on daily life. National Engineers Week honors also the parents, teachers, and mentors who instill the importance of math, science, and technological literacy in students and motivate them to pursue careers in engi-neering. Many of the major challenges of our time have been resolved by modern engineering. From designing efficient building systems to rebuilding towns devastated by natural disas-ters, the efforts of engineers contribute to our nation’s well-being and quality of life. It is a great privilege to recognize these honorable men and women, who are committed to using their scientific skills and specialized knowledge to create and innovative ways to fulfill soci-ety’S needs. 
f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE SAVING AMERICA’S POLLINATORS ACT 
HON. EARL BLUMENAUER 
OF OREGON  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, our na-tion’s food system is in a crisis right now, and it goes beyond the state of the farm economy. Between 2016 and 2017, it’s estimated that the United States lost one-third of its honey bee colonies. Over the past decade, docu-mented incidents of honey bee colony col-lapse disorder and other forms of excess bee mortality have been at a record high. Some beekeepers reported repeatedly losing 100 percent of their operations. While this may not sound like a crisis to some, these insects play a critical role in pollinating a number of our na-tion’s crops. Honey bees and native bees jointly provide U.S. agriculture an estimated $18 to $27 bil-lion in pollination service annually. One of every three bites of food we eat is from a crop pollinated by bees. This dramatic decline threatens these crops, and thousands of sci-entific studies have implicated neonicotinoid pesticides, or neonics, as key contributors to this trend. That’s why today I am proud to reintroduce the Saving America’s Pollinators Act. This bill would protect the health of honey bees and other critical pollinators and suspend the use of bee-toxic neonics. It also requires the Envi-ronmental Protection Agency (EPA) to com-plete a thorough assessment and ensure that any use of these insecticides does not cause unreasonable and adverse effects on polli-nators. The health of our food system depends on the health of our pollinators, and the EPA has a responsibility to get to the bottom of this issue. I urge my colleagues to join me and pass this legislation so that we can save our pollinators. The future of our food depends on it. f 
INTRODUCTION OF THE CIVIL WAR DEFENSES OF WASHINGTON NA-TIONAL HISTORICAL PARK ACT 
HON. ELEANOR HOLMES NORTON 
OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I intro-duce a bill to recognize and preserve the Civil War Defenses of Washington located in the District of Columbia, Virginia, and Maryland. The defenses of Washington, including forts, unarmed batteries and rifle trenches, created a ring of protection for the nation’s capital dur-ing the Civil War. This bill would redesignate the 22 Civil War Defenses of Washington cur-rently under National Park Service jurisdiction as a national historical park, and allow other sites associated with the Civil War Defenses of Washington that are owned by the District of Columbia or a unit of state governments to be affiliated with the national historic park through cooperative agreements. This bill would also require the Secretary of the Interior to facilitate the storied history of the Civil War for both the North and the South, including the history of the Defenses of Washington and the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1864, being assembled, arrayed and conveyed for the ben-efit of the public for the knowledge, education, and inspiration of this and future generations. The Civil War Defenses of Washington were constructed at the beginning of the war, in 1861, as a ring of protection for the nation’s capital and for President Abraham Lincoln. By the end of the war, these defenses included 68 forts, 93 unarmed batteries, 807 mounted cannons, 13 miles of rifle trenches, and 32 miles of military roads. The major test of the Civil War Defenses of Washington came with the Shenandoah Valley Campaign of 1864, when Confederate Lieutenant General Jubal Early, directed by General Robert E. Lee, sought to attack the nation’s capital from the north, causing Union forces threatening to at-tack Richmond, the capital of the Confed-eracy, to be withdrawn. General Early was de-layed by Union Major General Lew Wallace at the Battle of Monocacy on July 9, 1864, and was stopped at the northern edge of Wash-ington at the Battle of Fort Stevens on July 11 and 12, 1864. The Shenandoah Valley Cam-paign ended when Union Lieutenant General Philip Sheridan defeated General Early at the Battle of Cedar Creek, Virginia, on October 19, 1864. Nearly all the individual forts in the Civil De-fenses of Washington—on both sides of the Potomac and Anacostia rivers—were involved in stopping General Early’s attack, and the Battle of Fort Stevens was the second and last attempt by the Confederate Army to attack Washington. Taken together, these battles were pivotal to the outcome of the war and the freedom and democracy that the war represented for this country. It is therefore fitting that we recognize these sites by redesignating them as a na-tional historic park. I urge my colleagues to support the bill. f 
IN RECOGNITION OF JUDGE GREG-ORY D. BILL FOR RECEIVING THE 2018 PURPLE SPORT COAT AWARD 
HON. DEBBIE DINGELL 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Judge Gregory D. Bill for receiving the Tertzag Tribute Dinner’s 2018 Purple Sport Coat Award for his distinguished work as a judge. His commitment to justice and the Detroit community throughout his career with the 3rd Circuit Court of Michigan is worthy of recognition. After receiving his undergraduate degree from the University of Michigan and his J.D. from Western Michigan University’s Cooley Law School, Judge Bill began his own practice with a specialization in aviation law. He has al-ways had a passion for public service and served as a legislative aide for a member of the Michigan State Senate, where he honed his knowledge of the state’s issues and policy procedures. Judge Bill served as a member of Michigan’s 20th District Court before receiving an appointment to the Wayne County Circuit Court, a position he has held since 2000. Throughout his tenure, he has served in a va-riety of capacities and currently serves in the criminal division. Judge Bill has been an outstanding public servant throughout his decades of work with the judiciary and is widely recognized and re-spected for his legal expertise. His colleagues have previously recognized him for his work, including being awarded the Michigan Special Legislative Tribute for Outstanding Service to the People of Michigan. The Purple Sport Coat award is granted in honor of the late Judge Kaye Tertzag who was known for his integrity and strict interpretation of the law. Judge Bill lives up to the legacy of public re-spect and judicial integrity that Judge Tertzag is remembered for and is truly deserving of this award. He has provided outstanding serv-ice to our state throughout his career as a judge, and I look forward to his continued work in the years to come. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Judge Gregory Bill for being named the recipient of the 2018 Purple Sport Coat Award for his distinguished work as a judge. Judge Bill has been an outstanding public servant during his legal career. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:52 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.019 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE187 February 14, 2018 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION 
HON. LISA BLUNT ROCHESTER 
OF DELAWARE  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, I wish to clarify my position on roll call votes cast on February 13, 2018. On Roll Call Vote Number 70, on the Lex-ington VA Health Care System, I did not vote. It was my intention to vote ‘‘Yea.’’ On Roll Call Vote Number 71, to extend the Generalized System of Preferences and to make technical changes to the competitive need limitations provision of the program, I did not vote. It was my intention to vote ‘‘Yea.’’ 
f 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH BIRTHDAY OF WILLIAM TOMKA 
HON. JOHN H. RUTHERFORD 
OF FLORIDA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor World War II Veteran, William John Tomka, with whom I had the recent pleasure of joining to celebrate his 100th birth-day on January 27, 2018. Born in Dover, New Jersey to immigrant parents, William spent his formative years in New Jersey, developing a love of music. This resulted in him becoming a music teacher until he was drafted into the United States Army on July 11, 1941. He left a successful teaching job in New Jersey to defend our great nation. After completing his radio operations training at Fort Dix and Fort Bragg, he was deployed to Iceland as part of the 50th Signal Battalion, in which he served as a Technical Sergeant, leading a group of 8 men who were also trained radio operators. His team was respon-sible for code, receiving and transmitting from the field, as well as in command cars. This group was part of the first American Army per-sonnel to be sent into the European Theatre of Operations. After 22 months in Iceland, he was sent to England to be a part of the inva-sion force of France on D-Day. He was dropped on Utah Beach on June 6, 1944 and bravely fought through the campaign of Eu-rope, including the American bombardment of the German forces at Saint-Loˆ. He and his fel-low soldiers proceeded to serve at the Battle of the Bulge. When accounting his most memorable times in the Army, Mr. Tomka will tell you about his time in Europe after D-day. He told me about his time in France where he witnessed Amer-ican fighter pilots bomb the German forces and of his time served in joint force with the Russians at the river of Elbe. Mr. Tomka was discharged after three and a half years of for-eign duty on June 22, 1945. After his years of service, Mr. Tomka went back to his passion of teaching music. He started an instrumental music program in the Flidgefield school system of New Jersey. Dur-ing his years of music education, Mr. Tomka obtained his master’s degree from NYU in Su-pervision and Administration, and while he was at NYU, he played violin in the orchestra. Even at 100, his talents are still impressive. At his recent birthday celebration, Mr. Tomka expertly played the clarinet, violin, piano, and sang for his family and friends. I salute William John Tomka on his years of faithful service to our country and the public- school system. He has exemplified qualities of a true American hero, and I, on behalf of a grateful nation, admire his service and sac-rifice. f 
CONGRATULATING DOMONIQUE MALCOLM ON BEING NAMED A DISTINGUISHED FINALIST BY THE PRUDENTIAL SPIRIT OF COMMUNITY AWARDS 
HON. ELISE M. STEFANIK 
OF NEW YORK  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Ms. STEFANIK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and honor Domonique Malcolm for being named a Distinguished Finalist in New York State by the 2018 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, an annual honor conferred on the most impressive stu-dent volunteers in each state. Ms. Malcolm is being recognized for co- founding a nonprofit that led several mission trips to help an impoverished community in Ja-maica, and for recently coordinating a trip that mobilized 29 volunteers to build two new houses and offer medical and dental support at a local clinic. Over the past four years, Ms. Malcolm has also helped provide the commu-nity with support, including groceries and com-puters for students. Created in 1995, the Prudential Spirit of Community Awards recognizes the critical im-portance and high value of contributions made by youth volunteers, and to inspire other young people to follow their example. Over the past 23 years, the program has become the nation’s largest youth recognition effort based solely on community service, and has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national levels. On behalf of New York’s 21st District, I heartily applaud Ms. Malcolm for her commit-ment and dedication to serving others, and thank her for the positive impact she has made on many lives. Young volunteers like Ms. Malcolm are inspiring examples to all of us, and are among our brightest hopes for a better tomorrow. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF MRS. EUNICE L. MIXON 
HON. SANFORD D. BISHOP, JR. 
OF GEORGIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work and service of a distinguished educator, political activist, and dear friend to my wife, Vivian and me, Mrs. Eunice L. Mixon. She was honored as the 2018 Distinguished Older Georgian, a title given by the Georgia Council on Aging to honor a Georgian, of at least 80 years of age, who is a role model for positive aging and has made significant contribution to society through occupational or volunteer efforts. An award reception was held for Eunice at the Georgia State Capitol at 2 p.m. on Thursday, February 8, 2018 in Atlanta, Georgia. Eunice L. Mixon was born in Tifton, Georgia on April 11, 1931 to the union of the late Rob-ert and Carrie Lastinger. A product of the Tift County School System, she went on to attend classes at Abraham Baldwin Agricultural Col-lege and earn both Master’s and Specialist Degrees in Science Education from the Uni-versity of Georgia. Winston Churchill said, ‘‘We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.’’ Through every stage of her life, Eu-nice has always given of herself to others. She served as an educator for 30 years within the Tift County School System and at Abra-ham Baldwin Agricultural College before re-directing her passion to politics. Her first offi-cial post in politics came in 1974 when she became the Tift County campaign chair for former Governor George Busbee. She also served as a delegate to the 1988 and 1992 National Democratic Conventions, and as a member of the Georgia Democratic Executive Committee. Over the years, she has helped campaign and fundraise for several political figures including former Georgia Lieutenant. Governors Zell Miller, and Pierre Howard, former Georgia Governors Roy Barnes, Joe Frank Harris, and Sonny Perdue, former Geor-gia Commissioner of Agriculture Tommy Irvin, former Georgia Secretary of State Max Cleland, U.S. Representative Charles Hatcher, former U.S. Senator Sam Nunn, former U.S. Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton as well as yours truly. Eunice’s distinguished civil service has been mirrored by her extensive involvement in her community. In conjunction with her profes-sional accomplishments in politics, she served on several boards, including the Georgia Stu-dent Finance Commission, Vocational Edu-cation Task Force, Advisory Council on Con-solidation of Education Programs, Georgia Civil War Commission, Joint Board Liaison Committee, and the Georgia State Bar Dis-ciplinary Board. She has served as the door-keeper to the Georgia State Senate, and has served on the State Bar of Georgia’s Inves-tigative Panel, the Tifton/Tift County Library Board, the Coastal Plain Regional Library Board, the Georgia Student Finance Commis-sion Board, the Heritage Trust Commission Board, the Agrirama Foundation and the State Election Board. Eunice received several awards for her ex-tensive work in politics. These include induc-tion into the Tift County Chamber of Com-merce’s Wall of Fame in 2014; the Liberty Bell Award by the Tifton Judicial Circuit Bar Asso-ciation in 2016; a spot on the 40 Most Influen-tial South Georgians; and in 2010, the State Bar of Georgia honored Eunice with an award in her name. Eunice has accomplished many things in her life but none of these would have been possible without the enduring support of her late husband, Albert and their sons, Johnny and Jimmy. On a personal note, I have been blessed to know Eunice for many years and I can say without reservation that she is one of the most passionate and warmhearted individuals I have ever met. I am proud to consider Eunice and the Mixon family friends of longstanding. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.023 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE188 February 14, 2018 
Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me and the more than 730,000 residents of Geor-gia’s Second Congressional District, in extend-ing our sincerest congratulations to Mrs. Eu-nice L. Mixon for receiving the title of 2018 Distinguished Older Georgian and for her many years of service to her community, state, and nation. 
f 
CELEBRATING THE LIFE AND LEG-ACY OF FREDERICK DOUGLASS 
HON. BILL HUIZENGA 
OF MICHIGAN  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, this February marks the 200th anniversary of the birth of a truly great American, Mr. Frederick Douglass. Having been born into slavery as Frederick Augustus Washington Bailey in Talbot County, Maryland, Mr. Douglass never knew his real birthday. He often lamented that he had only a few, shadowy memories of his mother, who would walk miles at night to visit him as a child, and then walk back home to be in the fields before sunrise. Yet that little boy would grow up into a brave young man, who taught himself to read and write, and successfully es-caped slavery on his third attempt. He would marry Anna, the love of his life, and remain married to her until her death. He was a de-voted father to all five of their children. While still a fugitive slave, he would write the first of three autobiographies: Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave, which remains one of the greatest books ever written in the English language. Mr. Douglass was a deeply courageous American who never shied away from confronting evil, even at great per-sonal risk. He became a world-renown orator in the cause of abolition, laying bare the hor-rors of slavery and helping to end that cursed institution in America once and for all. He began and edited his own abolitionist news-paper, The North Star. He successfully pub-lished his paper until slavery ended, despite opposition and persecution from other aboli-tionists. He met with and served as an advisor to President Lincoln during the Civil War, and did not hesitate to confront the President di-rectly over the treatment of African American soldiers in the Union Army. After the Civil War ended, Douglass served four more presidents, fighting to end racial segregation and to get African Americans and women the right to vote. For his entire life, he worked tirelessly to bring justice to the oppressed and to call America to live out its highest ideals, remind-ing us that ‘‘The life of the nation is secure only while the nation is honest, truthful, and virtuous.’’ I would also like to recognize two great organizations that have been founded to continue Mr. Douglass’ legacy of faith-based activism, moral courage and clarity, and family devotion. The Frederick Douglass Foundation was founded in 2009 by Dr. Timothy Johnson, Mr. Troy Rolling and Rev. Dean Nelson to en-gage and recruit black activists, community leaders to become members of the Repub-lican Party. The organization has thousands of members and chapters in over 15 states. The Douglass Leadership Institute, founded in 2015 by Rev. Dean Nelson, a non-partisan or-ganization which educates, equips and em-powers faith-based leaders to embrace and apply biblical principles to life. Both organiza-tions are committed to Righteousness, Justice, Liberty and Virtue. f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH OF HAR-RISBURG 
HON. JOHN SHIMKUS 
OF ILLINOIS  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the celebration of the 150th an-niversary of the First Baptist Church of Harris-burg, IL. The church was established on February 15, 1868. The first meetings were held at the Harrisburg Courthouse. The Church is located in the Saline county seat. Because of the strength and character of its members, the First Baptist Church pos-sesses both a rich history and a vibrant future. They are commemorating their 150th anniver-sary with a special celebration on Saturday, February 17. Beginning at 1:00 PM, there will be a video presentation, an organ concert, a quartet singing, a beard judging, a historical fashion show, and a dessert and pie social at the end. I am honored to recognize such a strong community of faith in my district. I look forward to the continued prosperity of the First Baptist Church in Harrisburg for many years to come. 
f 
RECOGNIZING GRABUONE OUTFIT-TERS FOR THEIR HIT SHOW ‘‘MISSISSIPPI SNAKE GRAB-BERS’’ 
HON. GREGG HARPER 
OF MISSISSIPPI  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, Scott County, Mississippi is home to a one-of-a-kind hobby, known as snake-grabbing. Pioneered by a group of men who are known as ‘‘Grabuone Outfitters,’’ this hobby has become a way of life, a business venture, and a hit television show by the title of Mississippi Snake Grab-bers. The snake-catching venture’s roots started in 1990 when a group of men from Scott County began traveling to Lake St John, Lou-isiana, for an annual fishing trip, On this trip, one of the fishermen, Jimmie Nichols, reached over his buddy Rayford Palmer, grabbed a snake off a limb, and pulled it into their boat. This began a tradition of catching snakes that continues to this day. A few years later the stories of the snake- catching excursions piqued the interest of oth-ers, including Joey Mayes, Joey Rigby, and Shane Gibson, whose boat quickly became known as the Snake Boat, and it was during that time the small group of four started calling themselves ‘‘Grabuone Outfitters.’’ The group began videoing their snake hunts and attracted even more attention, and that is when Brad Vincent and Brent Shorter were added to the group. Brent had originally been hired to video Snake Hunt Mississippi Style Volume II, but after his first trip on the water, the team had its sixth member. The men of Grabuone Outfitters were able to turn their hobby into an honest to goodness business, taking folks from all walks of life onto the lake to experience a thrill like no other. It is my unique honor to recognize Grabuone Outfitters for their hit television show Mississippi Snake Grabbers, and I wish them all the best in their future endeavors. f 
RECOGNIZING STAN COBURN 
HON. JIM BANKS 
OF INDIANA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. BANKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Stan Coburn of Fort Wayne, Indiana. Stan recently surpassed his 50th year of employment at the USPS. Stan joined the USPS in 1968, only to be drafted into the Marines shortly thereafter. He served as a helicopter machine gunner during the conflict in Vietnam, then returned to his posi-tion at the Post Office one year later. During his career, Stan has been stationed at every Post Office in the Fort Wayne area, and has worked every shift available. Stan has said that he still feels like he has another five years of service left in him. Northeast Indiana is thankful for Stan’s many years of service and commitment to our community. In fact, February 6, 2018, was Stan Coburn Day in Fort Wayne. I would like to show appreciation to Stan for his dedication to Hoosiers in my district, and congratulate him on reaching this milestone. 
f 
IN RECOGNITION OF CHARLIE SPANO, UNICAN OF THE YEAR FOR THE UNICO SCRANTON, PENNSYLVANIA CHAPTER 
HON. MATT CARTWRIGHT 
OF PENNSYLVANIA  
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Wednesday, February 14, 2018 Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Charlie Spano, who has been named the UNICAN of the Year by the Scran-ton Chapter of UNICO National for their 59th annual charity ball on February 24, 2018. Before his retirement in 2005, Charlie Spano taught elementary students in the Scranton School District. He received a Mas-ter of Science in elementary administration with certification from the University of Scran-ton and a Bachelor of Science in education and history from Wilkes University. He also served as director of the Bureau of Commu-nity and Student Services for the Pennsylvania Department of Education. Charlie is an active member of his commu-nity and has served his neighbors in many ca-pacities throughout the years. He has served as the Deputy Director of voter education for Lackawanna County, assisting in outreach providing information on voting systems; As-sistant Manager for Recruiting for the U.S. Census Bureau in Scranton; Chairman of Scranton City Cable Consumer Advisory Com-mission; a member of the Lincoln Bicentennial Commission of Lackawanna County; a mem-ber of the 9–11 Memorial Committee in Lacka-wanna County; Chairman of the Board of Di-rectors of the Anthracite Heritage Museum 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:58 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 9920 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.026 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE189 February 14, 2018 
and Iron Furnaces Association; a member of the Heritage Valley Task Force Advocacy/Edu-cation Committee; President of the Columbus Day Association of Lackawanna County; President of the Phi Delta Kappa Education Fraternity, University of Scranton Chapter; a South Scranton Lions Club member; Vice Chairman of the Scranton City Planning Com-mission; and Director of the Lackawanna River Corridor Association, among other positions spanning three decades of outstanding com-munity service. It is an honor to recognize Charlie Spano as he accepts the UNICAN of the Year Award. I am very grateful for the wide range of work he has done on behalf of the people of Lacka-wanna County. 
f 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the CONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Thursday, February 15, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED FEBRUARY 28 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans. SD–419 MARCH 1 10 a.m. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 03:44 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A14FE8.031 E14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with REMARKS
D162 Wednesday, February 14, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S929—S1130 Measures Introduced: Six bills and one resolution were introduced, as follows: S. 2425–2430, and S. Res. 406.
                                                                          Page S967 
Measures Reported: S. 951, to reform the process by which Federal agencies analyze and formulate new regulations and guidance documents, with an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute. (S. Rept. No. 115–208) 
                                                                                              Page S967 
Measures Passed: Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic: Committee on Veterans’ Affairs was discharged from further consideration of S. 2246, to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Af-fairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and the bill was then passed.
                                                                             Page S1130 
Authorizing Representation by Senate Legal Counsel: Senate agreed to S. Res. 406, to authorize representation by the Senate Legal Counsel in the case of United States v. Ahmed Alahmedalabdaloklah.
                                             Page S1130 
Measures Considered: Broader Options for Americans Act—Agree-ment: Senate began consideration of H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage, after agreeing to the motion to proceed, and taking action on the fol-lowing amendments and motions proposed thereto: 
                                                                                      Pages S930–65 
Pending: Grassley Amendment No. 1959, in the nature of a substitute.
                                                            Pages S930–65 
McConnell (for Toomey/Cruz) Amendment No.1948 (to Amendment No. 1959), to ensure that State and local law enforcement may cooperate with Federal officials to protect our communities from violent criminals and suspected terrorists who are il-legally present in the United States.
         Pages S930–31 Schumer Modified Amendment No. 1958 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1959), of a perfecting nature.
              Pages S931–65 
Durbin (for Coons/McCain) Amendment No. 1955 (to Amendment No. 1958), to provide relief from removal and adjustment of status of certain in-dividuals who are long-term United States residents and who entered the United States before reaching the age of 18, improve border security, foster United States engagement in Central America.
   Pages S931–32 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Durbin (for Coons/McCain) Amendment No. 1955 (to Amendment No. 1958) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur on Friday, February 16, 2018.
                 Page S965 
A motion was entered to close further debate on McConnell (for Toomey/Cruz) Amendment No.1948 (to Amendment No. 1959) (listed above), and, in ac-cordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Durbin (for Coons/McCain) Amendment No. 1955 (to Amendment No. 1958). 
                                                                                              Page S965 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Schumer Modified Amendment No. 1958 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1959) (listed above), and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposi-tion of McConnell (for Toomey/Cruz) Amendment No.1948 (to Amendment No. 1959).
               Page S965 
A motion was entered to close further debate on Grassley Amendment No. 1959, and, in accordance with the provisions of Rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, a vote on cloture will occur upon disposition of Schumer Modified Amendment No. 1958 (to the language proposed to be stricken by Amendment No. 1959).
                                    Page S965 
A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the bill at ap-proximately 10 a.m., on Thursday, February 15, 2018.
                                                                                Page S1130 
Nominations Confirmed: Senate confirmed the fol-lowing nominations: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D163 February 14, 2018 
Margaret Weichert, of Georgia, to be Deputy Di-rector for Management, Office of Management and Budget.
                                                              Pages S965, S1130 
2 Coast Guard nominations in the rank of admi-ral.
                                                                        Pages S965, S1130 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S967 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S967 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                      Page S967 
Executive Reports of Committees:                 Page S967 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S967–69 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: 
                                                                                              Page S969 
Additional Statements:                                   Pages S966–67 
Amendments Submitted:                       Pages S969–S1129 
Authorities for Committees to Meet: 
                                                                                    Pages S1129–30 
Privileges of the Floor:                                        Page S1130 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 7:37 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Thursday, February 15, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S1130.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
READINESS OF U.S. FORCES Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness and Management Support concluded a hearing to examine the current readiness of United States forces, after receiving testimony from General James C. McConville, USA, Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, Admiral William F. Moran, USN, Vice Chief of Naval Operations, General Glenn M. Walters, USMC, Assistant Commandant of the Marine Corps, and General Stephen W. Wilson, USAF, Vice Chief of Staff of the Air Force, all of the Department of Defense. MILITARY FAMILY READINESS Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Per-sonnel concluded a hearing to examine military and civilian personnel programs and military family read-iness, including S. 2379, to improve and expand au-thorities, programs, services, and benefits for military spouses and military families, after receiving testi-mony from Robert L. Wilkie, Jr., Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Lieutenant General Thomas C. Seamands, USA, Deputy Chief of Staff, G–1, Vice Admiral Robert P. Burke, USN, Deputy Chief of Naval Operations, N–1, Lieutenant General Gina M. Grosso, USAF, Deputy Chief of Staff for Manpower, Personnel and Services, and Lieutenant General Michael A. Rocco, USMC, Deputy Com-mandant for Manpower and Reserve Affairs, all of the Department of Defense; Kathy Roth-Douquet, Blue Star Families, and Kelly B. Hruska, National Military Family Association, both of Washington, D.C.; and J. Michael Haynie, Syracuse University In-stitute for Veterans and Military Families, Syracuse, New York. NOMINATIONS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joseph Simons, of Virginia, who was introduced by Senator Hatch, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, who was introduced by Senator Capito, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, who was intro-duced by Senator Cornyn, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NATIONAL PARKS LEGISLATION Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: Sub-committee on National Parks concluded a hearing to examine S. 400, to establish the Susquehanna Na-tional Heritage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, S. 966, to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, S. 1160, to include Livingston Coun-ty, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1260 and H.R. 2615, bills to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, S. 1335, to establish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, S. 1446 and H.R. 1135, bills to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program, S. 1472, to reauthorize the Tennessee Civil War Herit-age Area, S. 1573, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, S. 1602, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, S. 1645, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special re-source study of President Station in Baltimore, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD164 February 14, 2018 
Maryland, S. 1692, to authorize the National Emer-gency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to es-tablish a commemorative work in the District of Co-lumbia and its environs, S. 1956 and H.R. 2897, bills to authorize the Mayor of the District of Co-lumbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 2213 and H.R. 4300, bills to au-thorize Pacific Historic Parks to establish a com-memorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific The-ater of World War II, S. 2225, to reauthorize the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area, S. 2238, to amend the Ohio & Erie Canal National Heritage Canalway Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limita-tion, H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, after re-ceiving testimony from P. Daniel Smith, Deputy Di-rector, Exercising the Authority of the Director of the National Park Service, Department of the Inte-rior. BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, after receiving testimony from Steven T. Mnuchin, Secretary of the Treasury. BUDGET Committee on Finance: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, after receiving testimony from David J. Kautter, Acting Commissioner, Internal Revenue Service, Department of the Treasury. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs: Committee ordered favorably reported the fol-lowing business items: S. 2221, to repeal the multi-State plan program, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2296, to increase access to agency guidance documents, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2400, to eliminate or modify certain audit mandates of the Government Accountability Office; S. 2113, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construction services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services procurements; S. 2349, to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an interagency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual violence and to make recommenda-tions on the harmonization of such efforts; S. 2413, to provide for the appropriate use of bridge contracts in Federal procurement, with an amendment; S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors Gen-eral on Integrity and Efficiency to make open rec-ommendations of Inspectors General publicly avail-able, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-stitute; H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions re-lating to whistleblowers, with an amendment; S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Bou-levard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’; S. 2040, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’; H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boule-vard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’; H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’; H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Of-fice Building’’; H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’; H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’; H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D165 February 14, 2018 
Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 2464, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’; H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’; H.R. 2815, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Ser-geant John Basilone Post Office’’; H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3369, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘How-ard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 3638, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’; H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’; H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’; H.R. 4042, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’; H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’; and The nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Vir-ginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massa-chusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee ordered favor-ably reported the following business items: S. 995, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Res-ervation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, with an amendment; and S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. NATIVE AMERICANS AND THE 2020 CENSUS OVERSIGHT Committee on Indian Affairs: Committee concluded an oversight hearing to examine Native Americans and the 2020 Census, after receiving testimony from Ron Jarmin, Performing the Non-Exclusive Functions and Duties of the Director, Census Bureau; Carol Gore, Cook Inlet Housing Authority, Anchorage, Alaska; Jefferson Keel, National Congress of Amer-ican Indians, Washington, D.C.; and James Thomas Tucker, Native American Rights Fund, Las Vegas, Nevada. NOMINATIONS Committee on the Judiciary: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joel M. Car-son III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, who was introduced by Senator Udall, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, who were introduced by Senator Carper, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida, who was introduced by Senator Nelson, and Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. NOMINATIONS Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Com-mittee concluded a hearing to examine the nomina-tions of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, who was introduced by Rep-resentative Chabot, and Hannibal Ware, of the Vir-gin Islands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration, after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD166 February 14, 2018 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 19 pub-lic bills, H.R. 5011–5029; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 738 were introduced.
                                       Pages H1177–78 
Additional Cosponsors:                               Pages H1178–79 
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Fitzpatrick to act as Speak-er pro tempore for today.
                                      Page H1129 
Recess: The House recessed at 10:41 a.m. and re-convened at 12 noon.
                                              Page H1133 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures. Consideration began Tuesday, February 13th. Hamas Human Shields Prevention Act: H.R. 3542, amended, to impose sanctions against Hamas for gross violations of internationally recognized human rights by reason of the use of civilians as human shields, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 415 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 74;
           Page H1146 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To im-pose sanctions against Hamas for violating univer-sally applicable international laws of armed conflict by intentionally using civilians and civilian property to shield military objectives from lawful attack, and for other purposes.’’;
                                                 Page H1146 
Calling on the Department of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and foreign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, re-cover, and identify all missing and unaccounted- for personnel of the United States: H. Res. 129, amended, calling on the Department of Defense, other elements of the Federal Government, and for-eign governments to intensify efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all missing and unaccounted-for personnel of the United States, by a 
2⁄3yea-and-nay vote of 411 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 75; and
                                                                            Page H1147 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘Calling on the Department of Defense, other appropriate ele-ments of the Federal Government, and foreign gov-ernments to resolutely continue efforts to investigate, recover, and identify all United States personnel des-ignated as unaccounted-for from past wars and con-flicts around the world.’’.
                                      Page H1147 
Authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holo-caust: The House agreed to discharge from com-mittee and agreed to H. Con. Res. 103, authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust.                                 Page H1147 
TRID Improvement Act: The House passed H.R. 3978, to amend the Real Estate Settlement Proce-dures Act of 1974 to modify requirements related to mortgage disclosures, by a yea-and-nay vote of 271 yeas to 145 nays, Roll No. 77.
                  Pages H1155–69 
Rejected Capuano the motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Financial Services with in-structions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yea-and-nay vote of 189 yeas to 228 nays, Roll No. 76.
   Pages H1166–68 
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the na-ture of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–59, modified by the amend-ment printed in part B of H. Rept. 115–559, shall be considered as adopted.
                                      Page H1155 
Agreed to: Foster amendment (No. 1 printed in part C of H. Rept. 115–559) that clarifies that the requirement applies only to proprietary source code related to al-gorithmic trading, which contains prescriptive infor-mation.
                                                                            Page H1165 
H. Res. 736, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 620), (H.R. 3299), and (H.R. 3978) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 73, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 72.
                                  Pages H1136–46 
Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act: The House passed H.R. 3299, to amend the Revised Statutes, the Home Owners’ Loan Act, the Federal Credit Union Act, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to require the rate of interest on certain loans remain unchanged after transfer of the loan, by a yea-and-nay vote of 245 yeas to 171 nays, Roll No. 78.
                                                               Pages H1147–55, H1169 
H. Res. 736, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 620), (H.R. 3299), and (H.R. 3978) was agreed to by a recorded vote of 227 ayes to 187 noes, Roll No. 73, after the previous question was ordered by a yea-and-nay vote of 228 yeas to 187 nays, Roll No. 72.
                                  Pages H1136–46 
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, February 15th.
                Page H1169 
Quorum Calls—Votes: Six yea-and-nay votes and one recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H1145, H1145–46, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D167 February 14, 2018 
H1146, H1147, H1167–68, H1168–69, and H1169. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and ad-journed at 6:20 p.m. 
Committee Meetings 
THE MILITARY AND SECURITY CHALLENGES AND POSTURE IN THE INDO- PACIFIC REGION Committee on Armed Services: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Military and Security Chal-lenges and Posture in the Indo-Pacific Region’’. Tes-timony was heard from Admiral Harry Harris, Jr., Commander, U.S. Pacific Command. AIR FORCE READINESS POSTURE Committee on Armed Services: Subcommittee on Readi-ness held a hearing entitled ‘‘Air Force Readiness Posture’’. Testimony was heard from the following U.S. Air Force officials: Lieutenant General Mark C. Nowland, Deputy Chief of Staff for Operations; Lieutenant General Scott L. Rice, Director, Air Na-tional Guard; and Major General Derek P. Rydholm, Deputy to the Chief of Air Force Reserve. THE PRESIDENT’S FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET Committee on the Budget: Full Committee held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget’’. Testimony was heard from Mick Mulvaney, Director, Office of Management and Budget. EXAMINING THE GOVERNMENT’S MANAGEMENT OF NATIVE AMERICAN SCHOOLS Committee on Education and the Workforce: Sub-committee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education held a hearing entitled ‘‘Exam-ining the Government’s Management of Native American Schools’’. Testimony was heard from Tony Dearman, Director, Bureau of Indian Education, De-partment of the Interior. OVERSIGHT OF THE NATIONAL HIGHWAY TRAFFIC SAFETY ADMINISTRATION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration’’. Testimony was heard from Heidi King, Deputy Administrator, Na-tional Highway Traffic Safety Administration. EXAMINING THE IMPACT OF HEALTH CARE CONSOLIDATION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impact of Health Care Consolida-tion’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. NEW SOURCE REVIEW PERMITTING CHALLENGES FOR MANUFACTURING AND INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘New Source Review Permitting Challenges for Manufacturing and Infrastructure’’. Testimony was heard from pub-lic witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Energy and Commerce: Committee on En-ergy and Commerce held a markup on H.R. 3477, the ‘‘Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmoni-zation Act’’; H.R. 1876, the ‘‘Good Samaritan Health Professionals Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 4986, the ‘‘FCC Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. H.R. 3477 was ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 1876 and H.R. 4986 were ordered reported, as amended. EXAMINING THE CURRENT DATA SECURITY AND BREACH NOTIFICATION REGULATORY REGIME Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Fi-nancial Institutions and Consumer Credit held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Current Data Secu-rity and Breach Notification Regulatory Regime’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. LEGISLATIVE PROPOSALS REGARDING DERIVATIVES Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Cap-ital Markets, Securities, and Investment held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Legislative Proposals Regarding De-rivatives’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. MODERNIZING FOOD AID: IMPROVING EFFECTIVENESS AND SAVING LIVES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Food Aid: Improving Effectiveness and Saving Lives’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. ISRAEL, THE PALESTINIANS, AND THE ADMINISTRATION’S PEACE PLAN Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa held a hearing enti-tled ‘‘Israel, the Palestinians, and the Administra-tion’s Peace Plan’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD168 February 14, 2018 
ADVANCING U.S. INTERESTS THROUGH THE ORGANIZATION OF AMERICAN STATES Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere held a hearing entitled ‘‘Ad-vancing U.S. Interests Through the Organization of American States’’. Testimony was heard from Thom-as Melito, Director, International Affairs and Trade, Government Accountability Office; and public wit-nesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 835, to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument; H.R. 4134, the ‘‘Cecil D. Andrus-White Clouds Wilderness Redesignation Act’’; and H.R. 4895, the ‘‘Medgar Evers National Monument Act’’. H.R. 835 and H.R. 4134 were ordered reported, without amendment. H.R. 4895 was ordered reported, as amended. THE STATE OF THE NATION’S WATER AND POWER INFRASTRUCTURE Committee on Natural Resources: Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Nation’s Water and Power Infra-structure’’. Testimony was heard from public wit-nesses. GAME CHANGERS: ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE PART I Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Sub-committee on Information Technology held a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Game Changers: Artificial Intelligence Part I’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. BEYOND BITCOIN: EMERGING APPLICATIONS FOR BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Sub-committee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘Beyond Bitcoin: Emerging Applications for Blockchain Technology’’. Testimony was heard from Chris A. Jaikaran, Analyst in Cybersecurity Policy, Government and Finance Division, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; Charles H. Romine, Director, Information Technology Labora-tory, National Institute of Standards and Tech-nology; and public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a markup on the Committee’s budget views and esti-mates for fiscal year 2019. The Committee’s budget views and estimates for fiscal year 2019 were adopt-ed. JOB CREATION, COMPETITION, AND SMALL BUSINESS’ ROLE IN THE UNITED STATES ECONOMY Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Job Creation, Competition, and Small Business’ Role in the United States Economy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure: Full Committee held a markup on fiscal year 2019 budg-et views and estimates, and Committee rosters; H.R. 4921, the ‘‘STB Information Security Improvement Act’’; and H.R. 4925, the ‘‘FRA Safety Data Im-provement Act’’. The Committee’s fiscal year 2019 budget views and estimates, and Full Committee and Subcommittee rosters, were approved. H.R. 4921 was ordered reported, as amended. H.R. 4925 was ordered reported, without amendment. THE DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES’ FISCAL YEAR 2019 BUDGET REQUEST Committee on Ways and Means: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Health and Human Services’ Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request’’. Testimony was heard from Alex Azar, Secretary, De-partment of Health and Human Services. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: to hold hearings to examine the state of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, focusing on pending rules, cryptocurrency regulation, and cross-border agreements, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: to hold hearings to examine United States Northern Command and United States Southern Command in review of the Defense Authoriza-tion Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on Finance: business meeting to consider the nominations of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (In-vestment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China, 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D169 February 14, 2018 and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambas-sador; to be immediately followed by a hearing to exam-ine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 9 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: to hold hearings to exam-ine the nominations of Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, Susan A. Thornton, of Maine, to be an Assistant Secretary (East Asian and Pacific Affairs), and Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), all of Department of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on the Judiciary: business meeting to consider S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correctional insti-tutions, and the nominations of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Sev-enth Circuit, Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, Adam I. Klein, of the District of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, McGregor W. Scott, to be United States Attorney for the Eastern District of California, Gary G. Schofield, to be United States Mar-shal for the District of Nevada for the term of four years, and Jonathan F. Mitchell, of Washington, to be Chair-man of the Administrative Conference of the United States, 10 a.m., SD–226. Select Committee on Intelligence: closed business meeting to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing regarding certain intel-ligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House 
Committee on Armed Services, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Strategic Competition with China’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Evolution, Transformation, and Sustainment: A Review and Assessment of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for U.S. Special Operations Forces and Command’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on Education and the Workforce, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions; and Sub-committee on Workforce Protections, joint hearing enti-tled ‘‘The Opioids Epidemic: Implications for America’s Workplaces’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Health and Human Services’’, 12:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, Subcommittee on Finan-cial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining De-risking and its Effect on Access to Finan-cial Services’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, Subcommittee on Cy-bersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Industry Views of the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, Subcommittee on Immigra-tion and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effect of Sanctuary City Policies on the Ability to Combat the Opioid Epidemic’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, Subcommittee on Over-sight and Investigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Costs of Denying Border Patrol Access: Our Environment and Se-curity’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hear-ing on H.R. 520, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2591, the ‘‘Modernizing the Pittman-Robertson Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4429, the ‘‘Cor-morant Control Act’’; H.R. 4609, the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4647, the ‘‘Recovering Amer-ica’s Wildlife Act’’; and H.R. 4851, the ‘‘Kennedy-King Establishment Act of 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., 1324 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub- committee on Government Operations hearing entitled ‘‘General Services Administration—Checking in with the Government’s Acquisition and Property Manager’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Subcommittee on Research and Technology, hearing entitled ‘‘Men-toring, Training, and Apprenticeships for STEM Edu-cation and Careers’’, 9 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, Subcommittee on Agri-culture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring Rural America: How Agritech is Revitalizing the Heart-land’’, 9:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, Sub- committee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Mate-rials, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Positive Train Con-trol Implementation in the United States’’, 9:30 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Re-quest for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Pro-posals’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD170 February 14, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Thursday, February 15 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consider-ation of H.R. 2579, Broader Options for Americans Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, February 15 
House Chamber 
Program for Thursday: Complete consideration of H.R. 620—ADA Education and Reform Act. 
Extensions of Remarks, as inserted in this issue 
HOUSE Banks, Jim, Ind., E182, E188 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga, E182, E184, E187 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E186 Blunt Rochester, Lisa, Del., E187 Cartwright, Matt, Pa., E182, E186, E188 Castro, Joaquin, Tex., E183 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E186 Doyle, Michael F., Pa., E184 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E185 Gutie´rrez, Luis V., Ill., E182 Harper, Gregg, Miss., E188 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E185 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E182 Huizenga, Bill, Mich., E188 Jeffries, Hakeem S., N.Y., E183 Kind, Ron, Wisc., E181 Kuster, Ann M., N.H., E185 LaMalfa, Doug, Calif., E181 LoBiondo, Frank A., N.J., E185 Messer, Luke, Ind., E183 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E186 Nunes, Devin, Calif., E183 Roby, Martha, Ala., E181 Roskam, Peter J., Ill., E181 Rutherford, John H., Fla., E182, E187 Shimkus, John, Ill., E188 Stefanik, Elise M., N.Y., E185, E187 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E183 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 05:50 Feb 15, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D14FE8.REC D14FEPT1SSpencer on DSKBBXCHB2PROD with DIGEST