Congressional RecordUNUMEPLURIBUS
United Statesof America
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S855 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2018 No. 27 
House of Representatives 
The House was not in session today. Its next meeting will be held on Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 12 p.m. 
Senate 
MONDAY , FEBRUARY 12, 2018 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by the President pro tempore (Mr. H
ATCH ). 
f 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, of-fered the following prayer: Let us pray. Eternal God, we praise You with all our heart. Through the power of Your love and mercy, we live and move and breathe and have our being. Lord, You are our High Power, our refuge in life’s stormy seasons. Inspire our lawmakers to place their trust in You. Lord, lift them above divisions and cynicism as they depend upon the unfolding of Your powerful providence. May they find peace because of Your redemptive love. Remind them that You are faithful to help those who ask You for guidance and strength. We pray in Your great Name. Amen. 
f 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The President pro tempore led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Repub-lic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
RECOGNITION OF THE MAJORITY LEADER The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. B
LUNT ). The majority leader is recog-nized. THE PRESIDENT’S BUDGET Mr. MCCONNELL. Mr. President, today President Trump will put for-ward his budget request for the next fiscal year. I look forward to reviewing the President’s priorities. With a bipar-tisan funding agreement now in place, Congress and the White House can work together to begin rebuilding our military, improve care for veterans, and tackle other urgent matters, from disaster relief to the fight against drug addiction. I especially appreciate the Presi-dent’s focus on improving America’s infrastructure. The quality of our country’s infrastructure affects every-thing from our long-term economic fu-ture to working Americans’ everyday routines. As of 2016, nearly 1 in 10 bridges in our Nation is structurally deficient. The average commuter loses 42 hours per year to delays. The aver-age age of our inland waterway locks and dams is over 50 years old. We are intimately familiar with this in Ken-tucky, where we ship millions of tons of coal, agricultural products, and other cargo on more than 1,900 miles of inland waterways. The problem runs deeper than dollars and cents. American workers built sky-scrapers in less time than our govern-ment now spends reviewing—not even building but reviewing—plans for new bridges and stretches of highways. So I am particularly happy that the Presi-dent is proposing to eliminate regu-latory barriers and streamline lengthy and overcomplicated permitting proc-esses. Historically, infrastructure has been an area of bipartisan cooperation. Our last three highway bills passed with large bipartisan majorities, averaging more than 80 ‘‘yes’’ votes. So did our last three WRDA bills and our last three FAA bills. I hope we can build on this record and make more bipartisan progress on this subject. 
f 
IMMIGRATION Mr. M
CCONNELL. Now on another matter, Mr. President, as I have re-peatedly stated, now that there is an agreement on long-term government funding, the Senate will proceed to a fair debate over the DACA issue, border security, and other matters pertaining to the subject of immigration. This process begins in just a few hours. We will vote to proceed to an unrelated, neutral House-passed bill that will serve as the vehicle for any legislation that succeeds here in the Senate. As I have repeated many times, I will en-sure that a fair amendment process gives Senators the opportunity to sub-mit proposals for consideration and votes. I hope this body can seize this opportunity and deliver real progress toward securing our border, reforming aspects of our immigration policy, and achieving a resolution for individuals who were brought to our country ille-gally when they were young. The American people have heard no shortage of rhetoric on this issue. They have heard many of my colleagues across the aisle insist that this issue requires swift action. Now is the time to back up this talk with the hard work of finding a workable solution. That means finding an agreement which can pass the Senate, pass the 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.000 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES856 February 12, 2018 
House, and which the President will sign—not just making a point. A number of my colleagues—Sen-ators G
RASSLEY , C ORNYN , T ILLIS , P
ERDUE , L ANKFORD , C OTTON , and E
RNST —will introduce a balanced pro-posal that tries to meet these require-ments. I support the President’s pro-posal and my colleagues’ legislation to implement it. The Secure and Succeed Act is fair and addresses both sides’ most pressing concerns, conforming to the conditions the President has put forward. It offers a compassionate resolution for 1.8 mil-lion illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as chil-dren. In exchange, this solution deliv-ers funding for President Trump’s promise to fully secure the border, re-forms our approach to extended family chain migration, and reallocates our arbitrary visa lottery into a more sen-sible, merit-based system. This legislation is a fair compromise that addresses the stated priorities of all sides. It is our best chance of pro-ducing a solution that can actually re-solve these matters, which requires that a bill pass the Senate, pass the House, and earn the President’s signa-ture. It has my support. The time for political posturing is be-hind us. Now we have an opportunity to resolve these issues. I hope we make the most of it. 
f 
RESERVATION OF LEADER TIME The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the leadership time is reserved. 
f 
CONCLUSION OF MORNING BUSINESS The PRESIDING OFFICER. Morning business is closed. 
f 
BROADER OPTIONS FOR AMERI-CANS ACT—MOTION TO PROCEED The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate will re-sume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579, which the clerk will report. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
Motion to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA con-tinuation coverage. 
Mr. M CCONNELL. I suggest the ab-sence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
RECOGNITION OF THE MINORITY LEADER  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Democratic leader is recognized. ADDRESS AT THE MCCONNELL CENTER  
Mr. SCHUMER. Mr. President, before I begin, I thank my friend the Repub-lican leader for his gracious invitation to address the McConnell Center at the University of Louisville this morning. I learned today that you don’t say, as we say in New York, ‘‘Lewey-ville.’’ It is pronounced ‘‘Lou-a-ville.’’ It was a great pleasure to speak to hundreds of bright Kentucky students who are in-terested in the future of this great country. Seeing these kids gives you faith in the future of America despite all the ‘‘sturm und drang’’ we witness here in this city. It was my distinct pleasure to give the Republican leader a bottle of Brooklyn bourbon as a thank-you for his invitation. I assured him that it was not a challenge to Kentucky’s pride but, rather, to suggest that maybe Kentucky and New York were not so different at all. Our craft dis-tilling industry is booming, and we have very good bourbon that is made in no place other than Brooklyn, NY. By the way, as long as it is made in Amer-ica, it can be called bourbon. I am not sure if it can be called Kentucky bour-bon, but it can be called bourbon. Mr. President, now on to the business of the day. On the heels of passing a significant, bipartisan budget deal, the Senate returns this week to grapple with one of the most contentious of issues—immigration. Leader M
CCONNELL , to his credit, has promised a debate on a neutral bill with an amendment process that will be fair to both sides. Democrats and Republicans are working hard to find a bill to protect the Dreamers and pro-vide border security that will garner 60 votes—no easy task. It is like thread-ing a needle. I am sure we will have the opportunity to vote on a few ways to do it, but the key is to find a consensus bill that is largely acceptable to a sig-nificant number of Members in both parties. The purpose here is not to make a point, as the Republican leader just said. That is easy. The purpose is to get something done. That is hard, but it really is so important. It will not be easy, but it is, certainly, achievable. Democrats are fully committed to protecting Dreamers, and we have long supported effective border security. Many Republicans are in the same boat. The only enemy here is over-reach. Now is not the time or the place to reform the entire legal immigration system. Rather, this is the moment for a narrow bill, and every ounce of our energy is going into finding one that can pass. Just like on the budget, this is an op-portunity for the Senate to lead the Nation. Let the same spirit of biparti-sanship and compromise that gen-erated the budget deal carry forward this week as we debate the fate of the Dreamers. 
INFRASTRUCTURE AND THE PRESIDENT ’S 
BUDGET  
Mr. President, on infrastructure, the Trump administration, today, released its infrastructure plan. Democrats re-leased our own plan over a year ago and have waited just as long to see this plan, because infrastructure is an issue on which we thought we could find some common ground. Unfortunately, despite a glaring need, the President’s proposal would do very little to make our ailing infra-structure better. Instead of proposing direct Federal investments to help all parts of the country, the Trump infra-structure plan relies on private parties or States and localities to put up the lion’s share of the money. In turn, those entities would have to either charge local taxpayers new tolls or raise taxes and other fees to pay for the new infrastructure. So a word that describes so much of the President’s bill—probably about 80 percent of it—is ‘‘Trump tolls.’’ The Trump infrastructure plan is like a Hollywood facade. It may look real from afar, but, in truth, it is a flat mirage. The Trump plan has the skin of an infrastructure plan, but it lacks the guts. The lack of direct investment would leave out large parts of America, particularly rural America, where local governments don’t have the money or the traffic to attract private sector in-vestment. Small towns and cities throughout the heartland have waited too long for upgrades to their schools, roads, and water systems, as well as ac-cess to high-speed internet. Just as Franklin Roosevelt said that every rural home should have elec-tricity in the 1930s, Democrats believe every rural home should have access to high-speed internet in the 21st century. Roosevelt called for the REA in the 1930s, and soon enough—it took a lot— every rural home had electricity. We Democrats are calling for the 21st century version of Roosevelt’s vision. Every rural home should have access to high-speed internet, and that ought to be one of our goals in the 21st century. Very little could do more to revitalize rural America than that plan, which, by the way, we got a start on in our budget because we Democrats insisted on a certain amount of money being al-located for that. It was not enough to get the job done, but it was a start. The administration’s infrastructure would also result in tolls—Trump tolls—across America. Wealthy inves-tors and large banks will only invest in projects that generate a profit. How do they get the profit? They charge mid-dle-class Americans hundreds of dollars a year in tolls. In fact, it is written into page 20 in the plan. Page 20 of the Trump infrastructure proposal has a section entitled ‘‘Providing States Tolling Flexibility.’’ So the middle class need not ask for whom this bill tolls; it tolls for thee. The middle class is already strug-gling with the ever-rising costs of healthcare, childcare, college tuition, and prescription drugs. They don’t need higher local taxes. They don’t need Trump tolls on top of all of that. This is the kind of plan that you would 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.001 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S857 February 12, 2018 
expect from a President who surrounds himself with bankers and financiers and wealthy people who don’t mind paying a $20 toll every time they go to work. It is a plan that is designed to reward rich developers, large banks, and the President’s political allies, not to rebuild the country. It would put unsustainable burdens on local governments, which are hurt-ing right now, and it would lead to Trump tolls all over the country, par-ticularly in middle-sized cities, small cities, and rural America. No investor is going to invest in a bridge in Spring-field or Hannibal, MO—to pick a couple of places—because they don’t have the revenue to repay it. So those folks will be stuck, as will be much of America. At the same time, the Trump pro-posal undermines important protec-tions, like ‘‘Buy American.’’ We be-lieve, if we are going to put some real investment into this, this stuff—the steel, the pipes, the concrete, and ev-erything else—ought to be made in America and employ Americans. They left that out of the bill, unfortunately. Democrats want to work in a bipar-tisan way to improve our infrastruc-ture, which is why we put forward a real plan that would expand access to high-speed internet across the country, rebuild our roads and bridges, and mod-ernize our electric grid, while creating millions and millions of good-paying, middle-class construction jobs. Unfor-tunately, the President’s plan falls short on all of these fronts. I would remind my Republican col-leagues that the Federal Government has invested in infrastructure and road building for a very long time. Henry Clay, from the great State of Kentucky, called for internal improve-ments—I believe it was in the mid- 1800s—because he wanted and knew the economic benefits of connecting places that were called the Far West in those days—Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio— with all of the people who lived on the eastern seaboard. Henry Clay was not a Republican. He was a Whig. That was the predecessor party of the Repub-licans. Dwight D. Eisenhower, a Repub-lican President in the 1950s, started the interstate highway program, which has benefited so much of America for so many decades. Ronald Reagan never cut back on infrastructure even though he cut back on lots of other programs. It is brand new that President Trump is about the first President, in a long, long line of Democrats and Repub-licans, who doesn’t really believe that the Federal Government should be at the forefront of building our infrastruc-ture—whether it is highways, roads, bridges, water, sewer, the power grid, or high-speed internet. I hope Democrats and Republicans can do what we did on the budget—sort of ignore President Trump, because he is way off base on this, and come to-gether ourselves, because people on both sides of the aisle have always be-lieved in investing in infrastructure. Mr. President, I have one final word on the President’s budget request. We have now already dealt with this year’s budget request, but he put in a budget request for next year, which was just sent to Congress. We just passed a 2- year budget on Friday. So the Trump administration should have no illu-sions about its budget becoming law. It will not become law. Yet Presidential budgets are still important as a state-ment of an administration’s priorities. Unfortunately, the President’s prior-ities are so far away from what the American people want in terms of how he portrays his budget. The President’s budget request, just 6 weeks after slashing taxes on the wealthiest and biggest corporations, after creating a massive deficit—who does the Presi-dent ask to pay for this? Middle-class and older Americans. He slashes edu-cation, environmental protection, and Medicare and Medicaid, while corpora-tions reap billions in tax giveaways. Older Americans now have to worry about the Trump administration cut-ting Medicare and Medicaid in his budget. Many others, including chil-dren and working families, would be hurt by the budget as well. If Americans want a picture of whom President Trump works for, the com-bination of the tax bill and this budget he proposed today makes it crystal clear: He is for the rich and powerful at the expense of the middle class. I yield the floor. I suggest the absence of a quorum. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk proceeded to call the roll. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the order for the quorum call be rescinded. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. Mr. DURBIN. Mr. President, this week in Washington we are going to do something that hasn’t been seen for a long time—for over a year. If you are not careful, you may tune in and see an actual debate on the floor of the Sen-ate—real Senators, Democrats and Re-publicans, coming to the floor actually debating an issue. I am not sure what is going to happen because it has been so long since we tried this, but it really is exciting to think about; that men and women elected to this body, known as the greatest deliberative body in America, are finally going to deliberate. It is true, and it is by design, not by acci-dent. After a lot of negotiation back and forth, Senator M
CCONNELL , the Re-publican leader, agreed that this week we would debate immigration and DACA, the Dream Act; that it would come to the floor of the U.S. Senate. I am excited about it, although I have no idea how this debate will end— in most good debates we don’t know be-cause it depends on the strength of an argument as to whether a measure is going to pass or not pass, but it is cer-tainly an issue I have been waiting for. In fact, I have been waiting 5 years for it. It is a long time even by Senate standards. It has been 5 years since we actually debated immigration on the floor of the U.S. Senate. It is not be-cause the immigration laws of America are so perfect—far from that. It is be-cause it is a tough issue, it is a delicate issue, and it is a volatile issue, and it always has been in America. I have this notion that as soon as the Mayflower landed and the passengers got off the boat, they looked over their shoulder and said: I hope no more people are coming. We are perfectly happy with this country the way we see it—be-cause throughout history and up to today, there has always been a resist-ance by those already here to new peo-ple from new places with different lan-guages, cultures, religions, and food. We have done some things in the past which are not exactly things to brag about. It was 1924 when we passed an immigration bill. There was a fear after World War I, because Europe was in shambles, that all these people would come flooding into America. So the Congress here and in this Chamber and the House of Representatives passed the Immigration Act of 1924. It was horrible. It was horrible. It ex-pressly excluded groups we didn’t want to be a part of America’s future— groups like people of the Jewish reli-gion, Italians, people from Eastern Eu-rope, the Japanese, and many others. That immigration act said: We don’t want any more of those people, and for 41 years that was the law of the land. There were slight modifications, but that was the basic standard for immi-gration in America. Not until 1965 did we look at immi-gration again with a different view to a broader acceptance of the world as part of are our future. Since then, we have continued to have problems with immi-gration and questions about change of policy. I will just flat out state, from 10 or 15 different perspectives, the current im-migration system in America is bro-ken—broken. When we have 11 million undocumented people in the country today, it is a broken system. Eight of us got together 4 years ago—four Re-publican Senators and four Democratic Senators—and spent months debating a new immigration system for America. I might say immodestly, I think we did a pretty good job of it. We presented it to the Judiciary Committee, and it faced over 100 amendments, people who want-ed to change it. At the end of the day, we had a bill we brought to the Senate floor, and it passed with a substantial, overwhelming bipartisan vote—com-prehensive immigration reform. We tackled every aspect of it, from ag la-borers to H–1Bs, to the Dream Act, to undocumented, right on through. We passed it in the Senate, but, of course, with our bicameral system of govern-ment, we needed the House to tackle the same problem, and they refused. They wouldn’t even consider the bill we passed. They wouldn’t come up with an alternative. They wouldn’t try to amend it. They just said: We are not going to talk about it, and they didn’t. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.003 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES858 February 12, 2018 
For 5 years, we have done nothing, and this year we have a chance to do something. The fact is, we need to do something. On September 5 of last year, President Trump announced he was eliminating what was known as the DACA Program. The DACA Pro-gram was created by Executive order under President Obama to give those who were characterized as Dreamers a chance to be legal in America on a 2- year renewable basis. So 780,000 people signed up for President Obama’s DACA Program all across the United States. These were young people brought to the United States by their parents at a very early age, and they were going to be given a chance to stay here 2 years at a time and not be deported and be able to legally work. Who are these young people? Well, 91 percent of them are currently in school or working. We know, as well, 20,000 of them have graduated from college and are teaching in our grade schools and high schools. We know 900 of them, even though they are undocumented, volunteered to serve in the U.S. mili-tary and are currently in uniform will-ing to risk their lives for this country that hasn’t accepted them as citizens. The list goes on. They are premed stu-dents, they are in first responder sta-tus, they are doing some pretty ex-traordinary things, but President Trump announced last September 5 that the program that allowed them to stay in the United States was coming to an end. When? In 3 weeks, March 5 of this year. What happens if Congress fails to do anything before March 5? If we fail to do anything to resolve this crisis created by President Trump, we will see 1,000 of these young people every single day falling out of protected sta-tus, and they will be in a position where they can be deported from this country. For many of them who were brought here as infants and toddlers, they would be sent back to some coun-try they don’t even remember to face a language they don’t speak. That would be a terrible outcome. That is why we need to take up this debate and pass, on a bipartisan basis, a measure to correct the situation, the challenge created by President Trump’s actions. We need to do it now because if the House of Representatives is to take action before March 5, we have little time left. Both the House and the Senate will be gone for 1 week in the month of February, so there is very little time left before the March 5 deadline, and I hope we can tackle it and get it done. The question that needs to be asked is, what will be debated this week? I think a lot of things may be debated. It is an actual open debate on the floor to some extent. It could conceivably not only be on DACA and the Dream Act, it might even get into other immigration issues. There was a recent poll that was taken by Quinnipiac on some of the issues that may come before us this week in the U.S. Senate. The American people have been listening to this con-versation, and it comes to some pretty interesting conclusions. This is a new Quinnipiac poll that was just released today. By a margin of 81 percent to 14 percent, Americans want Dreamers to gain citizenship. Support is overwhelmingly pro-Dream-er when respondents were asked if they support ‘‘allowing undocumented im-migrants who were brought to the United States as children to remain in the country and eventually apply for citizenship.’’ Support for the Dreamers is over-whelmingly across party lines—94 per-cent of Democrats support it, 82 per-cent of those who are Independents, and 68 percent of Republicans support citizenship for these Dreamers. I have read other polls that say even 61 per-cent of Donald Trump voters support it. Republican voters support citizen-ship 68 to 24; White men, 75 to 20; and voters over 65, 80 to 14. It is hard to find any issue in our politically divided country that brings so many people to-gether, but this one does overwhelm-ingly, both political parties and Inde-pendents. The other side of it is that the Presi-dent is proposing a border wall. Well, we remember that during the cam-paign, for sure—a big, beautiful wall from sea to shining sea, and the Mexi-cans are going to pay for it. How many times did we hear that speech? Many times. Well, where are the American people on this border wall? Interesting what the Quinnipiac poll tells us. By ap-proximately a 2-to-1 margin, the Amer-ican public opposes a border wall, and when you attach the pricetag to it— how much it will, $25 billion—the num-bers change. When first asked if they support or oppose a border wall with Mexico, the public opposes it 59 to 37 percent. A followup question, which in-cludes a reference to the $25 billion pricetag President Trump has re-quested to build the wall, generates even more opposition: 65 to 33—2 to 1 opposed to the border wall. Then some on the other side say: We should slash legal immigration into the United States. Let’s put some numbers behind this question. We are a nation of approximately 350 million people. Each year 1.1 million legal immigrants come into the United States. About 70 percent of them are Members of fami-lies of those already here. Some of them have waited for their chance to join up with their families 20 years. So 75 percent of the legal immigration is family reunification. As I mentioned, some have waited for a long time. Many on the other side want to limit legal immigration into the United States, want to limit this family reuni-fication effort and those who come in with promises of jobs. So the question was asked in the poll as to whether we should cut legal immigration levels. In the Quinnipiac poll, 78 percent of Americans are opposed to cutting legal immigration. A majority of Ameri-cans—54 percent—support keeping legal immigration at the same or cur-rent level. More Americans, 24 percent, support increasing it rather than de-creasing it, 17 percent. Even 71 percent of Republican voters want legal immi-gration levels to stay either the same, 53 percent, or increase, 18 percent. Additional poll questions found sup-port for maintaining the current policy regarding family reunification at 49 to 43, and the diversity visa lottery, 48 to 49. Then we asked hot-button issues on immigration. Throughout our history these are the issues usually raised about immigrants. Immigrants, they say, take American jobs. Immigrants, they say, commit too many crimes. If you listened to the President’s State of the Union Address a week or two ago, he talked about MS–13, a reprehensible gang engaged in criminal activities overseas and in the United States. I don’t know of anyone in either polit-ical party who endorses that. The President used some graphic examples of their horrible, violent conduct, but when the public was asked about those two positions—Are these immigrants taking away American jobs? Are they committing more crime?—there was an interesting result. The American pub-lic overwhelmingly rejects the idea that undocumented immigrants take jobs from Americans and are prone to commit more crime. Despite the transparent, relentless scapegoating efforts of some, Ameri-cans do not believe that undocumented immigrants take jobs away from Amer-icans; by 63 to 33 percent, that was re-jected. That is because our eyes can see. Come to Central Illinois, near my hometown of Springfield. Go to the local meat processing plant or the chicken processing plant, and watch who comes out of that plant at quit-ting time. Hispanics and Africans are taking what are pretty tough, dirty, rough jobs because others don’t want them. Take a look next time you go into a nice restaurant in Chicago, which is certainly my honor to rep-resent, and look who just cleaned the dishes off the table, and when the door swings, take a look at who is in the kitchen doing the dishes. By and large, it is going to be immigrants who are doing those things. Not many of us say to our sons and daughters: I am hoping the day will come when you decide to go and pick fruit for a living. You hard-ly ever hear that because we know it is hard, backbreaking work, and immi-grants do the work. So many jobs they fill are jobs that Americans aren’t jumping to fill. How about the issue of crime? The majority of Americans do not believe that undocumented immigrants com-mit more crimes than American citi-zens; 72 to 17 percent rejected this idea, and that just reflects the reality. The incidence of crimes committed by those who are immigrants is lower than that of those who are native born. It is a fact. It is a fact that some like to ignore. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.004 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S859 February 12, 2018 
When it comes down to the fun-damentals of the debate that faces us in the Senate, the American people, by overwhelming majority numbers, have picked their side on this. The question is whether Democrats and Republicans here can find a middle ground to agree on. It remains to be seen. I have been engaged in this debate now for 17 years. That is a long time even by Senate standards. It was 17 years ago when I introduced the DREAM Act. It was 17 years ago when I said: If you were brought here as a kid, a baby, an infant, a toddler, even a young teenager and you had no voice on where your family was headed, it shouldn’t be used against you. If you have had a good life, gone to school, are not a criminal, and offer some promise for a job or future in America, you deserve a chance to earn your way to legal status and to citizenship. I come to this with some prejudice. My mother came as an immigrant to this country. She was brought here at the age of 2. She was the first Dreamer in my family, and she was brought here from Lithuania, where she was born. Her mother brought her to this country and didn’t speak English, but she brought her three kids here in the hope that they could find opportunities that they couldn’t find back in Lithuania. For them, the land of opportunity was the city of East St. Louis, IL, which is where I was born and I grew up. It of-fered immigrants a lot of tough jobs but opportunities to maybe create a better life for their kids. When it came to this kid, my mom and her family gave me a chance to serve in the U.S. Senate. That is my story, that is my family’s story, but that is America’s story. Time and again, that is Amer-ica’s story. My grandfather didn’t come here with any extraordinary skills. He came here with a strong back and a de-termination to work and feed his fam-ily, and he did it; my grandmother, the same. That is the story of this country. We are going to debate this week in the U.S. Senate whether it will con-tinue to be the story of this country. Some will argue that we have had enough of these immigrants; we don’t need any more of them. Others, I hope, will realize that we have an oppor-tunity here—an opportunity not only to allow people to come to this country and be part of this country’s future but to create the kind of diversity that makes us unique in the world, the di-versity of immigration. I think we can come up with a reasonable answer to this. There will be differences of opin-ion, strongly held beliefs on one side or the other. The question is whether this body, the U.S. Senate, with 49 Democrats and 51 Republicans—just about as close as you can get—can reach a common, bi-partisan agreement. Wouldn’t it be a headline across America if this Senate actually had a debate and this Senate actually agreed on something—a bipar-tisan agreement. I see some heads nod-ding, and I won’t say where, but it is somewhere in this Chamber—people who are following this debate. I think we can do it. I really believe we can. It will be a real test for us, but that is what we are sent to do, isn’t it? It is not to debate, issue press releases, and wave our fists at one another, but to actually tackle a problem. The President has created a chal-lenge—a challenge that involves hun-dreds of thousands of lives. Now it is our turn to meet that challenge as a Senate and to show we are up to the job. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Texas. 
FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK REVIEW  
MODERNIZATION ACT  
Mr. CORNYN. Madam President, I want to begin my remarks today by discussing a piece of bipartisan legisla-tion that I have sponsored with our colleague, the senior Senator from California, Mrs. F
EINSTEIN . In all like-lihood, this bill is not something you are going to see reported on in the evening news. It is rather obscure in its origins, but it is extraordinarily impor-tant, and I will explain that in just a moment. It is called the Foreign In-vestment Risk Review Modernization Act, and it concerns another acro-nym—the Committee on Foreign In-vestment in the United States, known as CFIUS. It is the Committee on For-eign Investment in the United States. CFIUS is a multiagency panel headed by the Treasury Department, and Sec-retary Mnuchin chairs that panel. Its job is to vet foreign investments to de-termine if they pose a threat to our na-tional security. I am an ardent sup-porter of free trade, and I strongly sup-port more foreign, direct investment in the United States. Unfortunately, some of our adversaries—most notably China—have altered the strategic land-scape and are not playing by the same set of rules. China has weaponized in-vestment in an attempt to vacuum up our advanced technologies and simulta-neously undermine our defense indus-trial base. As it acquires U.S. firms, technology, and intellectual property, as well as the know-how to put them to use, the risk is that the Chinese Government, which has its tentacles not only in state-owned Chinese companies but also in so-called ‘‘private’’ Chinese firms, will get its hands on these capa-bilities and use them against us. This has already been shown to have hap-pened in a number of documented cases. Standing by and allowing our na-tional security to be compromised through these continued transfers of certain dual-use technology and know- how to China would be highly irrespon-sible. That is why the CFIUS—the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States—process needs to be updated and modernized. At its core, the bill I have introduced would expand the scope of reviewable transactions to more effectively address national secu-rity concerns. CFIUS’s jurisdiction has not been up-dated in more than 40 years, and since that time, global threats like the one posed by China have grown in com-plexity and scope. China has studied our laws, and it has found ways to game the export control system and to evade CFIUS review. This bill has strong support, not just from the White House but also from Treasury Secretary Mnuchin, Com-merce Secretary Ross, and the Attor-ney General of the United States, Jeff Sessions. It has also been endorsed by Secretary of Defense Mattis, as well as three of his predecessors, two former Directors of National Intelligence, and many others. In industry, major U.S. companies are starting to recognize the risks here, as well, and several have stepped up and endorsed this bill. However, there is a very small group of other U.S. firms that are actively opposing CFIUS modernization, having decided their bottom line is more important than our Nation’s security. Unfortu-nately, they are starting to release some of their false claims about this legislation into the press that really don’t hold water on further examina-tion. And their own track records, when it comes to handing over sophis-ticated, dual-use technology and know- how to China, undercut the credibility of their arguments. I would call this a patriotism deficit on their part. In order to perpetuate the status quo and prevent statutory updates that are both urgent and necessary, this hand-ful of firms and their proxies like to point to exaggerated, doomsday sce-narios. These are typified by the words of one detractor, who recently stated that the new legislation would ‘‘lit-erally paralyze business.’’ I urge all of our colleagues to study this legislation more and to resist these kinds of scare tactics and mischaracterizations. I urge them to consider the paralysis we would incur by not passing CFIUS reform. Progress would be stunted and our security jeop-ardized. We could see the erosion of our defense industrial base and that means jobs here in the United States going overseas because they are capable then of building this cutting-edge, dual-use technology in their home country and not having it built here in the United States. Despite the critics’ scare tactics, the bill would not sweep up harmless busi-ness transactions with no ties to na-tional security. That is not the point. But I do want to make that abundantly clear. Under the bill, there are reason-able safeguards to prevent this from happening. For example, CFIUS would be au-thorized to create a safe list of certain allied countries for which certain transactions are exempt from review. Under the bill, CFIUS would also be granted authority to exempt ordinary, routine transactions where other laws already address national security risks. The Treasury Department, as the lead agency for CFIUS, has stated an 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.006 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES860 February 12, 2018 
intent to use this authority to nar-rowly tailor the implementing regula-tions. The second thing to note is that ex-isting alternatives, like multilateral export controls, are not an adequate substitute to what we are proposing in this bill. It is true that export controls work well in many cases, but they have inherent limitations and are not enough by themselves. We simply need a second line of defense, and that is a modernized CFIUS process. The CFIUS process and the export control system are designed to be interactive and com-plementary. In other words, this bill does not du-plicate the export control system, and, in fact, for pure technology transfers, the export control system would re-main the sole review mechanism. CFIUS wouldn’t be involved in that at all. Finally, there is a concern that our bill could flood CFIUS with too much work, and they would be overwhelmed and would lack the resources and ex-pertise to do the job. But our bill would help provide those additional resources and allow CFIUS to both charge a mod-est fee to help promote its self-sustain-ability and also submit a unified an-nual budget request covering all of its member agencies. Furthermore, the bill’s own provi-sions guard against an unfunded man-date, with any expansion taking effect only after CFIUS determines on its own that the necessary personnel and other resources have been provided. Finally our bill exempts certain transactions that are done through ‘‘ordinary customer relationships,’’ en-suring that harmless, day-to-day ac-tivities don’t have to be reviewed. In closing, I will say this: It is cer-tainly appropriate to consider the po-tential impacts of this bill on foreign investment, but those effects shouldn’t be considered in a vacuum. We must also ask what the impacts on our long- term national security will be if we do not take action. For example, in 10 or 15 years, will our troops still have the best equipment in the world? Our mili-tary superiority is not a birthright, and neither is our technological advan-tage over our adversaries. I would urge my colleagues to ad-vance this bill and to study it and to help work with us to improve it. The time to modernize CFIUS is now. We must not allow ourselves to be the frog in the boiling pot of water, so to speak. We can’t be blind to the growing risks. Madam President, on another mat-ter, today we will begin to deliver on an important promise to the American people—debating an immigration solu-tion for the young adults brought to the United States by their parents who now find themselves in limbo. Several weeks ago, our Democratic colleagues recklessly shut down the Federal Government to placate the ex-treme elements in their own party. The majority leader disagreed with this ap-proach. He and the rest of my Repub-lican colleagues urged them to abandon this shutdown ploy before it was too late, but they refused to listen, ignor-ing the majority of the Americans who were against this approach. The major-ity leader then promised what had been the plan all along—that would be to continue bipartisan discussions that would be followed by open debate on the floor. Shortly, this evening, we will take up a vote on a vehicle through which Members can offer their ideas on how best to solve this problem. It will be a process that is fair to both sides. Once we vote to adopt a motion to proceed, my colleagues and I will have the op-portunity to have our proposals consid-ered under regular order. In other words, they can offer amendments, de-bate on the amendments, and vote on the amendments. Amendments, as usual, will have a 60-vote threshold be-fore they can be adopted. Sixty votes is what we need. What I am interested in is solving the problem, and that means not only a proposal that can get 60 votes but one that can pass the House and be signed into law by President Trump. That is simply critical. This should not be an exercise in futility or for political grandstanding purposes; this should be about getting a bill signed into law, which means it has to pass both Houses and has to be signed by the President. Today, led by Chairman G
RASSLEY of the Senate Judiciary Committee, a group of Members from this side of the aisle will put forth a comprehensive proposal—including the Presiding Offi-cer—that centers around the four pil-lars the President has said he would like to see addressed. I think most people have been sur-prised—maybe ‘‘shocked’’ is a better word—at the generosity of the Presi-dent’s offer for the DACA-eligible re-cipients. Right now, there are 690,000 who have signed up, but the President’s proposal would not only offer them legal status, it would offer 1.8 million eligible young people a pathway to citizenship—far more than President Obama ever offered. It provides a real opportunity for us to keep our commitments when it comes to border security—utilizing more boots on the ground, better tech-nology, and additional infrastructure. It reallocates visas from the diversity lottery system in a way that is fair. It continues the existing family-based immigration categories until the cur-rent backlog is cleared and then changes to more of a merit-based sys-tem. I am proud to cosponsor this com-monsense solution, which I think can pass the Senate and the House and be signed into law by President Trump. I know, too, that others have been work-ing hard on their ideas, and I look for-ward to reviewing their work product. I urge my Democratic colleagues this week to remember their predecessors when it comes to immigration, which includes my fellow Texan Barbara Jor-dan. One of the great civil rights lead-ers of our time, she was the first south-ern Black woman to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. She also served as a chairwoman of the U.S. Commission on Immigration Reform. While serving in that role, she once said: For our immigration policy to make sense, it is necessary to make distinctions between those who obey the law, and those who vio-late it. 
I think that is a great principle to keep in mind as we begin to sort out this week’s challenges. Although we all recognize the anx-iety of DACA recipients who came to this country through no fault of their own and now face uncertain futures, at the same time, we must recognize that many Americans face certain plights too. They are dreamers, too, as the President has said. And we need to re-store our legacy as a nation that be-lieves in and applies the rule of law— indeed, equal justice under the law. Here is the bottom line: I am not in-terested in a futile exercise of games-manship or political theater or ideas that can’t become law. As the Presi-dent said 2 weeks ago, the ultimate proposal must be ‘‘one where nobody gets everything they want, but our country gets the critical reforms it needs.’’ More than 124,000 young people in my State hope we can rise to the oc-casion. Indeed, all 28 million of them hope we can work together in a bipar-tisan fashion not only to provide relief to the DACA recipients but also to re-store our border security and to craft immigration laws that serve America’s best interests. Again, one of the two pillars upon which our immigration system has been built is that we are a nation of immigrants. All of us at some point in our family came from somewhere else—almost all of us. But we are also a nation of laws, which distinguishes us from most of the rest of the world. It is those two great pillars—a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws— that need to be restored and need to be our focus. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Madam President, before the Senator from Texas leaves the floor, I think he needs to be com-plimented because one of the four things in the bill which I am talking about our introducing and which he is going to be one of the cosponsors of is border security. He has worked for years on border security. He needs to be complimented on it. He is chairman of the Immigration Subcommittee of our Judiciary Committee. And I think Senator J
OHNSON of Homeland Security has some aspects of border security as well. I think he and Senator J
OHNSON  ought to be complimented for being in the lead of 100 Senators to make sure we don’t make the same mistakes we made in 1986 when we gave amnesty be-cause we thought we had border secu-rity. Quite obviously, the numbers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.007 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S861 February 12, 2018 
show we didn’t do a very good job on border security in 1986. The Senator from Texas and the Senator from Wis-consin are going to make sure we don’t make that same mistake again, so I thank them very much. Madam President, I rise today to an-nounce the formal introduction of an amendment to H.R. 2579. H.R. 2579 is the vehicle for immigration. This amendment is cosponsored by Senators Cornyn, Tillis, Lankford, Perdue, Cot-ton, and Ernst. It is a product of sev-eral months of hard work between these Senators and including the White House. Since this past September, I have held more than two dozen meetings with interested Senators in an attempt to craft a fair and permanent solution to DACA. I have also met with the President on four separate occasions to figure out exactly what he needs to see in a legislative package so that it can be signed into law, because what is the point of our working hard if we are not going to get something that is going to be finalized by a signature from the President of the United States? I just said I have met with the Presi-dent on four separate occasions. I should have said that this group of in-troducers of this legislation met with the President on those four occasions. But most importantly, I have been con-tinuously listening to what my col-leagues have said they need in any im-migration consensus. As a result of our meetings and conversations with our colleagues, the Senators sponsoring this amendment have attempted to de-velop a simple, commonsense frame-work that can address everyone’s con-cerns while also providing necessary and critical changes to our Nation’s immigration laws. What does our amendment do? Work-ing off the broad bipartisan, bicameral framework agreed to on January 9 at the White House, our amendment has four key pillars. I said bipartisan, bi-cameral. Members of Congress met with the President for an hour and a half to boil down all the issues that can be brought up, and we ended up with these four key pillars. First and most importantly, our amendment fully funds the President’s border security request. Other plans that we have heard about claim that they fund the President’s border secu-rity request by—I want to put this word in quotes—‘‘authorizing’’ money. But anyone who knows Washington knows that just an authorization turns out to be a gimmick sometimes. It turns out to be a promise sometimes or an IOU to maybe fund something at some later date. Every Member of the Senate knows that in this town, Wash-ington, DC, promises are quite cheap. We went down the road in 2006 when Congress authorized money for border fencing, much of which Congress never actually funded. Our amendment re-jects that approach. Instead, we actu-ally appropriate $25 billion into a bor-der security trust fund. This trust fund will allow Homeland Security to use between $2.5 billion and $3 billion a year for infrastructure, technology, and personnel recruitment and reten-tion. By setting up a border security trust fund, we ensure that the Department of Homeland Security will actually have the money that it needs every single year to secure our borders, while also retaining Congress’s ability to exercise oversight. Unlike other plans, we also recognize that real border security is more than just throwing money at the border. This group of Senators realized that real border security means that we have to close the legal loopholes in the current law that allow dangerous criminals to enter and remain at large within our country. Our amendment ends these dangerous loopholes and makes it easier for our law enforce-ment to apprehend, detain, and speed-ily remove sex offenders, drug smug-glers, human traffickers, international terrorists, criminal gang members, re-peat border crossers, drunk drivers, and other dangerous people. Second, our amendment provides a generous and permanent solution for DACA and DACA-eligible recipients. Our plan contains an earned path to citizenship for these young people. Pro-vided these young men and women have no criminal record and either serve in the military, attain a college or vocational degree, or maintain full- time employment, they can eventually gain citizenship. This represents a major concession for many Repub-licans, including this Senator, but this concession is necessary to provide a permanent and fair solution to this issue. The third pillar of our proposal re-forms family-based immigration to place greater emphasis on the nuclear family. Moving forward, we limit fam-ily-based immigration to the nuclear family, meaning the spouses and minor children of citizens and lawful, perma-nent residents. This change doesn’t end family-based immigration. It simply recognizes that extended-family immigration doesn’t serve the American people or our coun-try’s economic interest. It is important for all of my colleagues to recognize that these family-based changes are prospective. This means that all 4 mil-lion immigrants who are waiting in line for a family-based petition will continue to have their petitions proc-essed under the old rules. This group of Senators understands that we can’t penalize the millions of people who actually followed the law and, by following the law, did the right thing. In addition to rewarding those who did the right thing by grandfathering all pending petitions in the pipeline, it will take years—by some estimates, more than a decade—for Congress to debate and enact merit-based immigra-tion reform. Finally, our plan reallocates the 55,000 visas and the diversity visa lot-tery to clearing backlogs in the family- based and employment-based backlogs. By reallocating these visas, we not only promote faster family reunifica-tion but also speed up the immigration of skilled workers in the EB–1, EB–2, and EB–3 categories. As you can see, this is an eminently fair plan that closely mirrors the President’s framework. This plan is a true compromise, and supporting it will require concessions from all Sen-ators—conservatives, liberals, Demo-crats, Republicans, and everyone in be-tween. This Senator is ready and willing to make a major concession and, once again, vote for a path to citizenship. Other Senators need to be willing to do the same, to make sacrifices when it comes to border security and to chain migration. But at the end of the day, in spite of everything else, the simple fact re-mains that this amendment is the only plan that the President supports. This plan is the only Senate plan that has any possibility of passing the House of Representatives and becoming law. So I have asked my colleagues who oppose this proposal: Are you inter-ested in actually getting something done, in actually providing a path to citizenship for these DACA kids, or are you interested in a political issue for the 2018 elections? If you are actually interested in getting something done, in getting a bill signed into law, and fixing the DACA issue, the choice is ob-vious: You will vote to support this plan. But if my colleagues are more inter-ested in grandstanding, in passing a bill that will never become law and that will not actually protect DACA kids, well, that choice is pretty clear as well. To all my colleagues, I urge your support for this amendment. Let’s fix this issue. Let’s demonstrate that we can find solutions to the challenging problems that Americans are calling on us to solve. This is a compassionate compromise. As for the people who have been advo-cating for this for years—longer than I have been, because I have been at it just a short period of time—let them accept a compassionate compromise. Let them do what they have called on to be done for a long period of time— settling the DACA issue once and for all. Then, let’s show the world that we are serious about finding a long-term solution, instead of kicking the prob-lem to a future date. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Arkansas. Mr. COTTON. Madam President, I wish to thank my colleague Chairman G
RASSLEY for the excellent work on this issue, on which he has helped to lead us all. We have a working group. The Presiding Officer herself belongs to 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.009 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES862 February 12, 2018 
a small working group. We have intro-duced legislation this week that trans-forms the President’s four-pillar frame-work into an actual bill, and it is the one bill that can become a law. We have a plan not to pass a bill but to pass a law, because twice in the last 12 years, the Senate has passed a bill that hasn’t become a law because the House of Representatives couldn’t pass it and, therefore, ultimately, the Presi-dent couldn’t sign it. I urge my colleagues: Let’s not sim-ply signal our virtue to our counter-parts in the House or to the President by passing a bill. Let’s solve this prob-lem by passing a law. This bill is the one bill that can be-come a law because it is the one bill that translates the President’s frame-work into actual legislation. It pro-vides legal status and ultimately citi-zenship for people who were brought here through no fault of their own as minors, before the age of account-ability. It provides more money and legal authorities to secure our south-ern border and to help our brave immi-gration agents. It eliminates the use-less diversity visa lottery and reallo-cates those green cards for more pro-ductive and worthwhile purposes, and it puts an end to the practice of ex-tended-family chain migration, allow-ing immigrants to bring not just his or her spouse and minor children but par-ents, siblings, and, ultimately, grand-parents, aunts, uncles, cousins, and on down their extended family tree. That doesn’t solve every problem under the sun we have with immigra-tion. It doesn’t, for instance, include mandatory nationwide E-Verify, which I would support. It doesn’t resolve the many problems we have with numerous temporary guest worker visas. But it is consistent with the President’s frame-work, and it solves the problem in front of us of young people who were brought here through no fault of their own, but also it has the side effect of giving those people legal status. I know there are a lot of half meas-ures floating around the Senate right now, saying that we should give legal status to these 1.8 million people in re-turn for a small pittance at the south-ern border, but that simply will not do. It is not responsible because if we give those people legal status, we will have two negative side effects. First, we will create more incentives—perverse in-centives—to encourage illegal immi-gration with minor children to this country. That is dangerous. It is im-moral, not to mention unwise from our national interests. Second, if we give legal status to these 1.8 million people, we will create a whole new pool of legal permanent residents and, ultimately, citizens who can naturalize their extended family, including their parents—the very peo-ple who created the problem to begin with—undermining the rationale for the program to begin with. Remember, that rationale was that children ought not pay for the sins of their parents. But, surely, parents can pay for their own sins. If we do those things—provide legal status for the 1.8 million people who find themselves in this situation through no fault of their own, but con-trol those negative side effects by se-curing our border, and ending the prac-tice of extended-family chain migra-tion—we will have a bill that can be-come a law. At the same time, we will also grand-father in every person who is currently in the backlog waiting to come to this country, who has applied to get a green card because they have a parent or child or sibling in this country. Some of them have been waiting up to 20 years. So no one will be cut out of that waiting line. Furthermore, we will continue to allow American citizens to get a renew-able, nonworker visa for their elderly parents who live overseas. So if you immigrated to this country and still have parents back in the home country who need your care, who need to live at home with you or maybe live down the street in a nursing home, this law will allow you to have a visa to bring them here. That is a generous, humane solution, but it also is one that handles the prob-lem responsibly and starts to build the kind of immigration system that this country needs—a system that focuses on the skills that our economy needs, not one that is just based on family ties or country of origin. For that reason, it is immensely pop-ular. A recent poll showed that 65 per-cent of Americans support this pro-posal. Two out of every three Ameri-cans support it, and they should, since, after all, every part of this proposal is popular. Most of us have seen polls that sug-gest that fewer than 20 percent of Americans want to see these people re-turn to their country, which in many cases they don’t remember. At the same time, 72 percent want to end the practice of extended-family chain mi-gration, and securing our southern bor-der is equally as popular. Oftentimes in Congress, we have to make a tough choice between some-thing that is popular and necessary and something that is unpopular, but in this legislation, we are simply asking our colleagues to do the right thing—to take the responsible step—which hap-pens to be popular with the American people as well. It should be popular be-cause it is both generous and humane on the one hand but responsible on the other hand. It is the only approach that will begin to change our immigra-tion system from one that treats peo-ple based on where they come from and to whom they are related to a system that treats them for who they are. There is nothing that could be more American than that. I urge my colleagues to recognize that this is the one bill that the House of Representatives can pass, can earn the President’s signature, and can be-come a law. So I will simply say again, as we go through this exercise, let’s have a plan that is going to pass a law, not pass a bill. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. C
OT-
TON). The Senator from Iowa. Mrs. ERNST. Mr. President, I would like to start by thanking my col-leagues and especially my friend from Iowa, our senior Senator, C
HUCK  G
RASSLEY , for his tremendous work on this project and all of those who par-ticipated in the discussions on the Se-cure and Succeed Act. This legislation puts us on the best path forward to provide a permanent solution for our DACA recipients, all while strengthening our borders and entry security. Our legislation address-es the unique challenges faced by the DACA population, many of whom were brought to America by their parents through no fault of their own when they were just children. In Iowa and across our Nation, DACA recipients are an integral part of our community. They are our neighbors, they are our classmates, and they are our fellow churchgoers. This last summer, while I was at the Clay County Fair in Iowa, I was ap-proached by a young lady. She came up to me and said: Senator E
RNST , I would like to know where you stand on DACA. So I explained my position to her. Meanwhile, she is pulling out her billfold. Out of the billfold, she pulled out a small card. She showed it to me, and she said: I am a DACA recipient. I said: Well, thank you for taking the time to come up to me and sharing your story with me. She was there with her younger sib-lings at the county fair, just enjoying the day, and she explained her situa-tion to me. She had been brought into the country by her parents. They came illegally into the country from Mexico. Then she pointed at her younger sib-lings, and she said: They were born here. They are citizens, but I am not. I am not. As we were standing there at the Clay County Fair, right by the Iowa Army National Guard recruiting booth—I was a member of the Iowa Army National Guard—she went on to explain to me that a while back she had actually met with one of the re-cruiters, and they had told her: We can’t accept you. We can’t accept you because you are a DACA recipient. She expressed to me how dis-appointed she was. She wanted to join our military. She wanted to serve this country—the only country she had known to be her home, the country she loved. Her story and her determination and her desire to serve this country and to defend our freedoms were abso-lutely clear to me. This bill would allow DACA-eligible recipients to de-fend the only country they have ever known—the country they love. That said, I cannot overstate the im-portance of addressing the legal, eco-nomic, and security concerns that are 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00008 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.015 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S863 February 12, 2018 
ever present in this debate. A huge pri-ority of mine has been, and remains, to provide border security. Our homeland and our borders must be secure, period. Tragically, human, drug, and sex traf-ficking are still viable markets in the darkest corners around this world. Un-fortunately, we have those corners of the world right here in our own Nation. Ensuring the integrity of our immigra-tion system is essential in working to prevent these bad actors from infil-trating our very own borders. This legislation would direct funds toward bolstering our border control and various degrees of security along the border, such as physical and virtual fencing, radar, and other technologies. It also cuts immigration loopholes and ensures that dangerous criminals are denied entry. This legislation addresses the current debate in a humane and thoughtful manner, and I urge my colleagues in the Senate to support this common-sense pathway forward. Thank you. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from North Carolina. Mr. TILLIS. Mr. President, I wish to personally thank the Presiding Officer for all the work he has done to come up with what I believe is the right frame-work for fulfilling the promise to solve and create a viable solution for the DACA population and to deal with the other things that are critically impor-tant as we take this first major step in immigration reform after decades of failure. Last year, I and Senator L
ANKFORD , who will be speaking after I do, decided we really wanted to get a discussion around a legal path to citizenship for a significant portion of the population of the illegally present. The deferred ac-tion program that was implemented by President Obama is what we used as kind of a baseline for determining how we could actually define that popu-lation and set terms so we could ulti-mately accept them into this country, and they could ultimately get citizen-ship. The proposal we have outlined today—and I should also thank Chair-man G
RASSLEY for his leadership. I have served on the Judiciary Com-mittee for 3 years during my first term in the Senate and for 3 years on the Immigration Subcommittee. Under his leadership, we have crafted a frame-work that is consistent with what the President has proposed. It is also consistent with what vir-tually anybody who has been around here for any amount of time has voted for in one form or another. It is a four- pillar framework that first begins with a path to citizenship for some 1.8 mil-lion DACA-eligible persons in the United States today. They were young when they came into this country. Some are adults now, but they came to this country through the decision of their parents. I, for one—and I believe many of my colleagues who support this bill—believe they should be given an opportunity to be U.S. citizens. After the bill is ratified, they will have an opportunity, based on a 10-year or 12-year timeline, to have the cer-tainty of having legal status and then a path to citizenship that could be 10 to 12 years. It is fairly straightforward, in terms of the requirements to come into the program. Some 1.8 million will qualify, once we ratify this bill and send it to the President’s desk. Coupled with this, it is critically im-portant to not make the mistakes of the past. First off, let’s not just come in and assume we are going to pass a standalone Dream Act. The reason for that is, it has failed every single time it has been attempted. It has failed under a Republican administration. It has failed under a Democratic adminis-tration. It even failed at a time when President Obama was in the White House, and there were supermajorities of Democrats in the Senate and a ma-jority in the House. So even when not a single Republican vote would be nec-essary, they were unable to produce a solution. Now, this week, we have an oppor-tunity to debate one that I think works. No. 1, there is broad consensus. Even among people who have never supported a path to citizenship before, there is broad consensus that this is a workable, viable, compassionate frame-work. So 1.8 million DACA-eligible per-sons qualify for a path to citizenship. Then we get into border security. Senator ERNST talked about border se-curity. It is critically important to think about border security. It is not the wall. The President has said he does not see in his vision a wall going from the Pacific Ocean to the Gulf of Mexico. There are certainly places where we need structures, but we also need so many other things layered on top of it so we actually know who is coming to this country, what is coming to this country, and if they should try to cross the border illegally, we know where they are for no other reason than for humanitarian reasons. Thou-sands of people have died crossing the border—over the last 20 years, over 10,000 people and about 1,000 of them, young children. By putting into place a wall struc-ture where it makes sense, better tech-nology and resources at the border, we are going to know who is coming into this country. We are going to know what drugs are coming into this coun-try. We are going to be able to do a much better job of finding and pro-tecting people who may be trafficked to this country for the purposes of the sex trade—human trafficking. It comes through a commonsense, 10- year implementation that was devel-oped by Homeland Security and Border Patrol. This wasn’t something that started in the White House; it is some-thing that has taken a year or two to get into place, which is a rational, multiphased, multifaceted solution for border security. Then what we have to take a look at is the reality of our broken immigra-tion system. We have millions of peo-ple waiting to come into this country, some of them as long as 20 years. This proposal—the proposal we will intro-duce this week and hopefully gain the support of the Senate, that we know the President supports, and we believe the House would support—draws down a queue that has been out there for al-most 20 years. So 3.9 million people who are in the process right now have been petitioned for because of a family relationship with some other U.S. cit-izen. We are proposing actually trying to figure out a way to accelerate that, to have them move through the natu-ralization process far sooner than they will if we fail to produce a solution this week. Then, over time, we can find other possible opportunities for immi-gration. Today why don’t we at least look at how we fix the broken immigration system to make sure those who are in the system know we are not turning our backs on them. Then, over time, we can get on to possibly—in my case, I think, at some point, we could actually build a case for even more legal immi-gration than we have today, but, for now, let’s at least make sure we have an immigration system people can rely on and can actually become U.S. citi-zens. The real sticking point—and I think what we are going to see this week—is we are beginning to see more and more consensus on the three pillars I just discussed: the DACA population, border security, and the visa lottery being used in a way that rewards merit and also uses green cards to bring more people into the country sooner rather than the two decades they have been waiting. The last thing we have to look at is chain migration—family unification or reunification. We are out of step with most other countries in terms of how we allow immigration into this coun-try. I, for one, think it is reasonable to continue to have a component to allow families to be reunified—people who come over on work visas or people who are coming through whichever immi-gration process they may choose, but at the end of the day, to have such a small number of our immigrant popu-lation—some 1 million every year— come in without regard to merit is ir-responsible. In fact, I think if we con-tinue to do it, we do it at the expense of maybe future immigration. We want more and more skilled people—people who can come to this country and con-tribute immediately, satisfy the needs of our society, and we can do that through a reasonable, rational discus-sion about what our immigration pol-icy should look like over time. I will leave my colleagues with this: In a country like Canada, 63 percent of their legal immigration has a skill re-quirement associated with it. In a country like Australia, it is the same thing, but almost three-quarters of all 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:21 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00009 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.017 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES864 February 12, 2018 
of our immigration has no tie whatso-ever to the needs of this Nation—our economy, our educational institutions, our communities. All we are saying is, let’s take a look at this and maybe change the propor-tions so we can actually have a pro-gram that is modernized, that is also focused on the needs we have for our great country. This week, we are going to hear a lot of things. I told a group today at lunch to be ready for me to vote against something they would expect me to vote for. I am going to do that. I fully expect to have some of my Republican colleagues and some of my Democratic colleagues offer an amendment that I don’t have a problem with the under-lying policy, but I have a huge problem with producing a result in the Senate which has virtually no chance of going to the President’s desk and becoming law. Then, we will ultimately get on the Secure and the Succeed Act. It is a well-structured, four-pillar solution that has been very much instructed by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, that I know the President will support, and I believe the President could convince our colleagues in the House to get it to his desk. So, again, I thank my colleagues Senator L
ANKFORD and Senator G RASS -
LEY, Senator P ERDUE , Senator C OTTON , all of those who have weighed in—Sen-ator C
ORNYN —to try and craft a solu-tion that is responsive to the Presi-dent’s framework, responsive to some of the concerns our friends on the other side of the aisle have, and now it is time for us to act. Let’s do something different. Let’s produce a result. Let’s not get up here and talk about it and say: Well, I tried. Let’s produce a result. Let’s provide certainty to these people waiting for us to act, to those DACA recipients. Let’s secure our border, and let’s modernize our broken immigration system. If we do that, we have done a great thing. Thank you. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mrs. E
RNST ). The Senator from Utah. Mr. HATCH. Madam President, today we begin our immigration debate in earnest. Senator M
CCONNELL has kept his promise to bring an immigration vehicle to the floor. This week, we will be taking a series of votes on DACA, border security, and other related sub-jects. I wish to take a few minutes now to outline where I am on these issues and where I see this week’s debate heading. I have made very clear that I believe we need a legislative fix for DACA. We cannot continue to keep people in our country and grant them work author-ization by Executive fiat. DACA recipi-ents deserve certainty. So, too, do other immigrants who enter our coun-try legally and have done their best to follow the rules. We also need better border security and interior enforcement. Thirty years ago, we granted amnesty to nearly 3 million illegal immigrants, and the re-sult over the next two decades was a surge in illegal immigration. We need to prevent that from happening again. I think it is fair and equitable to give DACA recipients a pathway to lawful status because they came to our coun-try through no fault of their own, but I also believe we need to pair DACA legislation with strict border security and interior enforcement measures so we don’t find ourselves right back here again in another 20 or 30 years or even sooner. I also think legal immigration needs to be a part of the discussion; in par-ticular, high-skilled immigration. I have spoken several times on the Sen-ate floor about how high-skilled immi-gration is merit-based immigration. It is immigration targeted at the best, the brightest, and the most highly edu-cated. It is immigration targeted at in-dividuals who have the skills employ-ers need. I believe we can find a path forward on our current immigration controver-sies, and I am committed to doing ev-erything I can to bring both sides to-gether. But I also want to be clear right here at the outset: High-skilled or merit-based immigration needs to be part of the discussion, especially if we start talking about reforms to family- based immigration. Getting to 60 votes is going to take a lot of negotiation. I know that as well as anyone. I have passed more bills into law than any other Member of Congress alive today. I know how this process works. So I say to my colleagues, as you think about how to advance your prior-ities this week, keep in mind the prior-ities I have outlined recently. Take a look at my I-Squared bill and the amendments I will be filing. These are indications of what I am hoping to ac-complish. I believe we can get something across the finish line. I really do. I think we can have a bill we can all be proud of, but in order for that to happen, we have to be reasonable. We have to con-sider a broad range of views. It can’t just be ‘‘my way or the highway.’’ We need a bill that can also pass the House and then be signed into law by the President. I am ready to roll up my sleeves and get to work, and I am ready to work with my colleagues to find areas of compromise and to accommodate com-peting priorities. I have made my pri-orities clear. Let’s work together to get something done. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Florida. Mr. NELSON. Madam President, I am looking forward to this debate. As Sen-ator H
ATCH has indicated, it is going to be a robust debate, and it could produce the best of what the Senate can produce: a bipartisan agreement, which it will have to be in order to get to 60 votes. I am glad to come here to the floor to support the Dreamers. Six months ago, the President said he was eliminating protections for Dreamers, and some of them have already lost that status. These young people, of course, were brought here sometimes as infants, they grew up here, and they only know America as their country. We owe it to them to enact permanent protection and a path to citizenship. It is long past time for Congress to act and to make sure this becomes law. This week presents a very good opportunity to do that after we have been waiting for al-most two decades. This Senator is a sponsor of the Dream Act, and I have supported Senator DURBIN in his efforts ever since I came to the Senate. Now, this is the third term. I have always been inspired by the story of Elisha Dawkins. I found out about him because I read a news clip that he was in jail. Here was a fellow who grew up in America, only knowing that he was American because he was brought to America from the Bahamas at age 6 months. He served two tours in Iraq. He came back and joined the Navy Reserves. He had a top secret clearance. His Reserve duty was in Guantanamo, with that top secret clearance. Then, because of an applica-tion for a passport, he was suddenly swept up and put in jail. Fortunately, we found out about it and started raising a stink about it. It was brought to the attention, in one of the court hearings, of a Federal judge, and the Federal judge said to the as-sistant U.S. attorney: What in the world are you doing putting a fellow like this in jail? Of course, after that tongue-lashing from a Federal judge, we got involved with Elisha. I am happy to report that today Elisha is a U.S. citizen. Elisha is a productive member of the Jackson-ville community, he is educated, and he is contributing to his community. Our country is so much better off having the Dreamers. They are our people. They are among the best and the brightest. The Senate has voted overwhelm-ingly to pass a bipartisan bill that in-cludes victories and concessions from both sides. That was the comprehen-sive immigration reform in the past, about 5 or 6 years ago, but of course the House wouldn’t take that up. So the only way to achieve a solution to the DACA crisis is to keep it simple: on one side, a path to citizenship for Dreamers, and on the other side, what is required by the White House—a path for funding for border security. I have been working with the next Senator who is going to speak in what we call a bipartisan group that has been carefully trying to put together a balanced approach to find a solution. Neither side is going to get everything they want, but that is why it is called a negotiation. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to come together to achieve a reasonable and bipartisan agreement as soon as possible—I hope by the end of this week. The Dreamers need to know we 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00010 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.018 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S865 February 12, 2018 
appreciate them, and now we are going to turn that appreciation into law. Madam President, I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Oklahoma. Mr. LANKFORD. Madam President, if we go back over the past 20 years, it is hard to find an immigration debate that occurred that ended with making law. Immigration issues have been con-tentious over the years—unnecessarily so. They have been emotional over the years—unnecessarily so. It is con-nected to families, to people, to real lives, and to real stories. I get that. But now we are at a point again where we will be debating immigration on this floor all of this week. The DREAM Act was proposed 15 years ago. Three different times it has come up before the House or the Senate or both. All three times in 15 years, it has failed—just dealing alone with those Dreamers. Then a very, very large package was tried in 2013. That included not just the Dreamers but their parents and every other person il-legally present in the United States— wholesale reform of every part of the immigration system. That was tried in 2013; it also failed. Now it is time to find that middle ground. Where can we find the basic issues here? In September, the President of the United States challenged the House and the Senate to get a legislative so-lution for the recipients of DACA and those who are DACA-eligible. At the time, the President was decried as throwing people out of the country, but he was very clear at that point: He did not feel President Obama had the au-thority to give a wholesale Executive answer for those individuals on what they called deferred action for child-hood arrivals. But President Trump said: I want a legislative solution. I want certainty. I don’t want these indi-viduals to sign up every 2 years and be at the whim of some future Executive and go through the process. Let’s get a permanent answer to all of this, but with that, we have to pick up the issues around it at the same time. The President actually gave the na-tion a great gift at that time: a dead-line. For two decades, immigration has been well known to be a problem, but there has been no deadline. The Presi-dent set the deadline of March 5 to have this resolved. We are nearing that now. It is time to move from just de-bating it in the hallways and in our of-fices to debating it on the floor of this Chamber and trying to get this re-solved. Here is what I have proposed, along with Chairman G
RASSLEY , JOHN COR-
NYN, DAVID PERDUE , THOM TILLIS , TOM C
OTTON , and J ONIERNST : to lay out a commonsense solution, to say, let’s stick to four items—four items that the White House has also identified. Those things are all connected. Those four items begin, obviously, with DACA and those who are DACA- eligible, about 1.8 million individuals who are currently living in the coun-try, who grew up literally speaking English, pledging allegiance to our flag, going to our schools, and engaging in our commerce. In every way, they have lived and functioned as Ameri-cans, except they are not. They were brought into the country illegally. So now what do we do about that? President Obama set a time period. He set a 2007 time period. You had to have been in the country by 2007, be under a certain age, and then you were eligible. We actually advanced that since it has been so long now and said: From the time President Obama announced that—which was June 2012—if you were in the country at that time or before and you are under that time period and that certain age, you are eligible for it. Apply. Go through the process. We think that is not only entirely fair, it is also entirely compassionate. But it also sends out a warning to those who are going to rush at our bor-der and say: The easiest way to ille-gally cross into the United States is to bring a child with you. We do not want that to occur. That is a dangerous crossing in many places, many children have died, and individuals have had horrible things happen to them on the way. We want to discourage that. So we set the June 2012 date—that is when President Obama first announced the program—and said that is a reasonable time period. But with that, we said it would take 10 years for those individ-uals to be able to cross into naturaliza-tion. That is in line with other individ-uals around the world who are cur-rently getting in the line right now. There is no one jumping ahead of any-one else but holding those individuals harmless who are already here and say-ing: Let’s start you through the proc-ess, and 10 years from now, you will get naturalization. At the same time we put them in line, we also put in a process for border security. The reason we currently have 11-plus million individuals in the coun-try with no legal status is because our border security process has been so bad. This is no great shock to anyone. So what we are doing is taking those individuals in DACA and saying: Let’s take 10 years to move you into natu-ralization. During that 10-year time pe-riod, we also want to set up the basics of border security. That gives us time to get security first and naturalization second for those individuals but both with great certainty. It is not just a wall, although there should be sections of wall. In areas where it is highly populated on both sides of the border, we need a wall as a demarkation. But in most areas of the border, it is not highly populated on both sides; it is open desert or moun-tains. We need cameras. We need tech-nology. We need interaction with our National Guard, who can bring re-sources to the battle as we try to inter-dict drugs. We need increased ability in our laws dealing with terrorism, drug smuggling, human smuggling. We need consistency in how we handle immigra-tion. Right now, there is one policy if you come from Cuba, another policy if you come from Honduras, and another policy if you come from Mexico. Why don’t we be consistent with our immi-gration policy? We need additional Customs and Bor-der Patrol agents. We need additional ICE agents. My colleagues immediately recoil from that and say that is inte-rior enforcement. Actually, it is not. If you have additional Customs and Bor-der Patrol agents and they pick up someone at the border, they are imme-diately transitioned into ICE custody, where they are detained as they go through the process. But you can’t just detain people. You also have to have judges and attorneys. You have to have advocates for those individuals. So we need to increase the number of judges, attorneys, and advocates to be able to help. We need to increase the number of translators to make sure that we get good response from those individuals and that they understand what is going on. Right now, there are 600,000 people in a backlog waiting for their day in court, for due process—600,000. That is absurd. One of the reasons we have such an open, porous border is that in-dividuals know that if they get across the border, they will only be detained a couple of weeks and then they will be released into the United States with what is called a notice to appear. Some people appear at their court date some-times 2, 3, 4 years later, and some peo-ple do not, but they have been released into the United States in the mean-time. We need to accelerate that proc-ess. We have individuals who come across the border and they claim asylum, but they don’t get an asylum hearing for a couple of years. We should have that as a rapid process. They should get due process, and they should be able to make that claim. As we have said over and over again, justice delayed is jus-tice denied. We have some interesting things that we put out in this dealing with the cost to the taxpayers. We put a cap on the amount that we can spend per person, per day in housing individuals, and we set the cap at $500 per day, per person to actually do detaining. We think it is a reasonable amount, and, honestly, it is one of the things I think should be universally accepted, both by the tax-payers and by this body. We put in ad-ditional penalties for those who are doing human smuggling and human trafficking and trafficking drugs across our border. We deal with some nation- states that will not accept criminal aliens. Many people in this body, and cer-tainly across the United States, may be surprised to know that for countries such as Cuba, if there is an individual picked up in the United States who was convicted of armed robbery and is ille-gally present in the United States, even though they have committed a violent offense, typically in other 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.020 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES866 February 12, 2018 
countries, they would have to suffer the consequences of being in prison here for their offense, and then they would be deported back to their coun-try, but Cuba does not accept them. Even though they are illegally present in the United States and they commit a violent offense, they do their time pe-riod here, and then they are released back into the United States. Why would we do that? We need to establish a process to resolve this. That is basic with border security and also dealing with naturalization for DACA. We have had individuals who have said: Where does the diversity lot-tery and the issue of family unification come into this? Let me tell you how it connects—and they absolutely do connect. Right now we have 4 million people waiting through the process to legally come to the United States. That is a 20-year backlog—20 years. That is irrational. What we would like to be able to do is to fix the process. Before we add an-other 2 million people into this and take a 20-year process to maybe a 25- year or 30-year process, once we get to that backlog time period, let’s fix what is obvious. Quite frankly, this issue of family re-unification is not a new issue. In 1995, Democratic House Member Barbara Jordan led a study on what to do on immigration and made a major pro-posal on what to do on what they called—at that time, in 1995, in this Democratic-led group—chain migra-tion. It said that adult siblings and adult children should come in under their own merit, not under their family and that we should target skills for in-dividuals who are coming in, not just ‘‘It is my brother-in-law; so he gets a chance to come as well.’’ This would allow us to empty out that backlog—the 20-year backlog—to come into the United States at a faster pace. The diversity lottery is not a challenge with diversity—far from it. We have people from all over the world who come into the United States, and we continue to welcome people from all over the world. I am fascinated watching the Olym-pics. I watch people march in from many countries. Everyone looks the same under their flag until you get to the United States. When the United States marches in, you can’t pick out which one looks American. We are American. In many countries around the world, they all look the same be-cause you are not welcome if you don’t look like them. That is not so with us. We welcome people freely from around the world, but we also want them to bring a set of skills. We believe that we can use those same numbers to encour-age people from around the world and bring their skills into the United States, to repurpose the diversity lot-tery and say: Yes, come. Come from ev-erywhere around the world, but come bringing your skills because we need it as a nation. You are always welcome to come. It is far from making the Statue of Liberty cry or polishing up her torch. It is saying: We are open to the world. Come and bring your talents and abili-ties. We will need it in the days ahead. If we want to prevent a 20-year back-log from getting even worse, we have to fix the family migration issue. If we want to deal with border security and deal with the very real threats that we face, as well as just individuals who want to come to work, we have to deal with the basics of border security, and we should address the issue of DACA recipients. We can do this. We will walk through this journey together. Over the course of this week, I hope we can keep this civil and open and fact- based, rather than charged with emo-tion and accusations. We all want to help the country. Let’s work on help-ing the country together this week. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. M
ORAN ). The Senator from Iowa. Mr. GRASSLEY. Mr. President, we have had a chance today to listen to my colleagues discuss what we think is the only piece of legislation that can get through the Senate, through the House of Representatives, and, most importantly, be signed by the Presi-dent of the United States. All are co-sponsors of this bill, except Senator H
ATCH , who spoke on another issue that he is very interested in, but it is a very important immigration issue as well. We heard from Senator C
ORNYN . Then I spoke. Senator C
OTTON spoke and Senator E
RNST , Senator T ILLIS , and Senator L
ANKFORD . Senator P ERDUE is one of those who is a cosponsor of the bill and would have liked to have been here to speak, but he is just now re-turning from his constituency. We have tried to lay out a path to giving DACA kids certainty, doing it from a standpoint of being humani-tarian for people who were brought to this country by their parents. Their parents may have broken the law—and they did break the law—by coming over our borders without documenta-tion, but we never should hold children responsible for what their parents did. This legislation takes a compassionate and reasonable approach to reforms, in-cluding a pathway to citizenship for a broad population. It grandfathers peo-ple waiting in line for family-based visas, and it expedites clearing that backlog. It helps to keep young people out of the same legal limbo in the fu-ture. This legislation is a product of com-promise. The President and many con-servatives have come a long way to offer this plan and especially the part of the plan that offers citizenship to this group of people. For one example of compromise, as chairman of this committee, there are a lot of things I would have liked to have seen in this legislation that can’t be in there, as a way of getting a broad base of com-promise. I am a strong supporter of mandatory E-Verify, but that is not in this document. I think the other side needs to be willing to compromise as well. We need to pass something that can become law. Several times my col-leagues have been told that this is the only plan the President supports, and you have heard him say that on tele-vision many times since he put out the four-pillars program, as we call it, that came from his White House. The House isn’t going to bring up anything that the President will not sign. I think we need to stop political posturing and pass something that can fix a real problem by providing border security and certainty for DACA kids. This legislation is a reasonable ap-proach to shielding children illegally brought to our country through no fault of their own while also taking meaningful steps to ensure that nobody finds themselves in the same situation in the future. This is a rare oppor-tunity to fix a real problem and protect the country in a thoughtful and com-passionate way. We simply have to cor-rect the loopholes in current law that allow dangerous criminals to enter and remain at large in our country. Our proposal is supported by the President, who has come a long way to reach a compromise. Just think of the long way from the positions he took during his campaign for President. This President can be very correct in stating that a platform he once ran on he wants to serve on. In this particular case, I think he has come to the same conclusion as a lot of us have: These young people are here through no fault of their own. They may be technically violators of the law, but as a practical matter, humani-tarianism calls for us to make a legal-ization. This is the only Senate pro-posal that has any chance of passing the House and being signed into law. If my colleagues are serious about actu-ally finding a real and permanent solu-tion to the DACA crisis, they should be ready and willing to support this com-promise. I yield the floor. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-ator from Nevada. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that I be per-mitted to speak for up to 10 minutes. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objection? Without objection, it is so ordered. Ms. CORTEZ MASTO. Mr. President, last September President Trump re-scinded the DACA Program. Since that time, nearly 20,000 DACA recipients have lost their status. That number continues to grow. I have posted this sign outside my office so my colleagues can see that 122 Dreamers are losing their status every single day. This chart cannot begin to tell the story of the impact this arbitrary decision has had on Dreamers’ lives. Over the past year, I have held roundtables with Dreamers throughout Nevada. I wanted to hear their con-cerns, listen to their stories, and make sure they know their rights. Dreamers 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.021 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S867 February 12, 2018 
are not charts or numbers. They are people. They are amazing. They are putting themselves through school, studying hard, serving in our commu-nities, our churches, and our military— all while working multiple jobs to sup-port their families. In meeting with them, I have learned that they are their own best advocates. Dreamers deserve the chance to speak for themselves. They deserve better than to be used as pawns in a cynical game. They should not be forced to choose between achieving protection in the only country they have ever known and seeing their families attacked with arbitrary and cruel cuts to our family reunification and diversity visa pro-grams. I am tired of seeing the White House pit people against one another. Tonight and this week, Congress is about to determine the future of these patriotic young men and women. Be-fore we begin this debate, we need to take a few moments to understand who they are, what they are doing for our country, and what the consequences will be if we fail them. I wish to read a few letters they sent me. Listen to this letter from Jevi. He is a freshman at Nevada State College. Jevi said: 
I was born in Mexico in March 1998 and was brought to the United States when I was six months old. I recently started my freshman year at Nevada State College. I am majoring in Business Administration in the hope that I can open a small family restaurant some-day. I have grown up in Las Vegas my entire life. It’s the city I know, the city that raised me. It is my home, my only home. 
Listen to this letter from Maggie. She wrote: 
I came to the United States when I was ten years old. I faced language barriers when I started elementary school, but I quickly learned English and excelled as a student. I graduated from High School in 2007 with $20,000 in academic scholarships, but couldn’t use them because I was undocumented. After receiving Deferred Action for Childhood Ar-rivals in June of 2013, I was able to begin working as a health care enrollment coun-selor for Nevada Health Link. In January 2014, I was accepted to the University of Ne-vada Reno, where I continued working to help people access affordable health care while going to school full time. 
That was Maggie. That was her letter to me. Listen to Francisco. This is his letter to me. 
My story is very much like others in this country. I am one of the 1.5 million undocu-mented children that were brought to the United States as minors by their parents. On September 17th, 2012, I applied for Deferred Action, hoping to be granted a work permit. Around that same time, I learned that I had been admitted to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. On November 5 my work permit arrived. My family and I all came to tears upon learning the news. I quickly looked for a job so that I would be able to enroll and start paying for my school. 
That was from Francisco. Now hear from Anna, who wrote: 
I came to the United States with my fam-ily, from the Philippines, at the age of 7. My father left our family in 2001, and our visas expired soon after. I graduated from Centen-nial High School in 2008 and started nursing school at the College of Southern Nevada. I graduated in 2012 and received my DACA ac-ceptance a year later. I am currently going on my third year working at University Med-ical Center . . . as a pediatric ICU nurse. These are only four of the stories that I have heard from Dreamers, and there are hundreds of thousands more just like them. I want to point out that just re-cently, I received a batch of 32 letters from seventh graders at Bailey Middle School in Las Vegas. To a T, the con-cern for every single one of these sev-enth graders was the same thing. Clarisa, one of these seventh graders, wrote: 
I would like to change Trump’s decision and let the DACA program stay so immi-grants get to have the life they had before. My family and friends are all I have in my life. I don’t want to see them go because they cannot go to school or get a job. Thank you. 
That was from Clarisa. We also have a letter from Andrea G.: 
President Trump’s decision affects my family, the people I know, and the commu-nity. It affects my family because my two older siblings were brought here when they were just babies. It affects people I know be-cause some of my other family members were brought here as babies. I hope President Trump does not end DACA. Thank you. 
To a T, with regard to all of these letters, all of the information, all of the people with whom I have met both here in the Capitol and in Nevada, these Dreamers are incredible people. They are incredible individuals who are contributing to our communities. When you hear these stories, you see that this fight is not about charts and numbers or political leverage. This fight is not even about individuals. It is about entire communities. It is not just about what will happen to Jevi and Maggie and Francisco and Anna and all of those families who are con-nected somehow to those kids at Bailey Middle School. It is about what will happen to their customers, their stu-dents, their patients, their employers, their parents, their families, and their friends. You see, Dreamers are our first re-sponders. They serve in our military. They drive our ambulances. They pray with us in church. They are on the frontlines, teaching our kids and de-fending our country. What happens when they are not here anymore? The debate over immigration in this country has focused for too long on misconceptions and stereotypes. Immi-grants are not taking our jobs; they are creating them. They are not causing crime; they are putting their lives on the line to fight it. What do we gain by deporting them? What do we gain when Maggie and Francisco are forced to drop out of school? How do we gain when Anna cannot go back to work in the pedi-atric ICU? Jevi has no memory of the country in which he was born. He spent only the first 6 months of his life there. What do we gain when we send him back? Living in a community means de-pending on the people around you. It means having neighbors you can turn to in times of need. Dreamers are our neighbors. This is their time of need. I urge my colleagues to understand who Dreamers really are. Don’t pit kids against parents or neighbors against neighbors. This is bigger than partisan politics. It is about human lives. It is time to fight for these fami-lies and for keeping these families to-gether, who are an integral part of our communities. I know many of my colleagues sup-port the Dream Act and reasonable border security measures. Let’s get through to the finish line. The Amer-ican people are watching us, and 80 per-cent of them want us to help Dreamers. Dreamers belong here, and Dreamers are American. This is our chance to do what is right. I yield the floor. CLOTURE MOTION  
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to rule XXII, the Chair lays before the Senate the pending cloture motion, which the clerk will state. The legislative clerk read as follows: 
CLOTURE MOTION  We, the undersigned Senators, in accord-ance with the provisions of rule XXII of the Standing Rules of the Senate, do hereby move to bring to a close debate on the mo-tion to proceed to Calendar No. 302, H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA con-tinuation coverage. Mitch McConnell, Mike Crapo, Johnny Isakson, Thom Tillis, Cory Gardner, James Lankford, Bill Cassidy, Marco Rubio, Roy Blunt, Lindsey Graham, Mike Rounds, Richard Burr, Tim Scott, Jeff Flake, Pat Roberts, John Thune, John Hoeven. 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. By unan-imous consent, the mandatory quorum call has been waived. The question is, Is it the sense of the Senate that debate on the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579, an act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the premium tax credit with re-spect to unsubsidized COBRA continu-ation coverage, shall be brought to a close? The yeas and nays are mandatory under the rule. The clerk will call the roll. The legislative clerk called the roll. Mr. CORNYN. The following Senator is necessarily absent: the Senator from Arizona (Mr. M
CCAIN). Mr. DURBIN. I announce that the Senator from Vermont (Mr. L
EAHY ) is necessarily absent. The PRESIDING OFFICER (Mr. D
AINES ). Are there any other Senators in the Chamber desiring to vote? The yeas and nays resulted—yeas 97, nays 1, as follows: 
[Rollcall Vote No. 32 Leg.] YEAS—97 
Alexander Baldwin Barrasso Bennet Blumenthal Blunt Booker Boozman Brown 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.022 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES868 February 12, 2018 
Burr Cantwell Capito Cardin Carper Casey Cassidy Cochran Collins Coons Corker Cornyn Cortez Masto Cotton Crapo Daines Donnelly Duckworth Durbin Enzi Ernst Feinstein Fischer Flake Gardner Gillibrand Graham Grassley Harris Hassan Hatch Heinrich Heitkamp Heller Hirono Hoeven Inhofe Isakson Johnson Jones Kaine Kennedy King Klobuchar Lankford Lee Manchin Markey McCaskill McConnell Menendez Merkley Moran Murkowski Murphy Murray Nelson Paul Perdue Peters Portman Reed Risch Roberts Rounds Rubio Sanders Sasse Schatz Schumer Scott Shaheen Shelby Smith Stabenow Sullivan Tester Thune Tillis Toomey Udall Van Hollen Warner Warren Whitehouse Wicker Wyden Young 
NAYS—1 
Cruz 
NOT VOTING—2 
Leahy McCain 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On this vote, the yeas are 97, the nays are 1. Three-fifths of the Senators duly cho-sen and sworn having voted in the af-firmative, the motion is agreed to. The majority leader is recognized. 
f 
MORNING BUSINESS Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate be in a period of morning business, with Senators permitted to speak therein for up to 10 minutes each. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO ANDY CROLEY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to Andy Croley, who will be honored by Leader-ship Tri-County, LTC, as the 2018 Lead-er of the Year. LTC was established in 1987 to serve Knox, Whitley, and Laurel Counties. According to LTC’s board of directors, the annual award is given ‘‘to the individual who has made an outstanding contribution to leadership in the area and has done a lot to con-tribute to the growth and development of the area.’’ A lifetime resident of Whitley County, Andy has served as the county coroner since 2002, and he began serving as the county’s deputy coroner in 1995. Because of his years of service to southeastern Kentucky, Andy is an ideal choice to receive this distinction. In addition to his work in Whitley County, Andy has responded to na-tional tragedies such as Hurricane Katrina and the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. As part of a recov-ery team in New York, Andy spent sev-eral weeks working in the wreckage of the World Trade Center. In apprecia-tion for his brave efforts, New York of-ficials gave him a beam from the fallen towers. Andy donated the beam to the University of the Cumberlands, where it was established as part of the school’s Patriot Park in 2003. Andy is also dedicated to helping members of the next generation suc-ceed. Promoting high school football in Kentucky and Tennessee, he has served as the chairman of the Border Bowl for several years. This nonprofit organiza-tion hosts a football game in Williams-burg, KY, featuring top players from both States. Andy’s work on the Border Bowl has given young athletes in both States the chance to hone their skills and compete in a popular event. I want to congratulate Andy Croley on being named the 2018 Leader of the Year. I would like to commend him on this accomplishment, and I urge my colleagues to join me in recognizing his work. f 
TRIBUTE TO JERRY BLANN Mr. BARRASSO. Mr. President, today I wish to honor Jerry Blann and recognize his extraordinary contribu-tions to Jackson Hole Mountain Resort and the State of Wyoming. Under Jer-ry’s leadership and vision, Jackson Hole Mountain Resort has flourished to become the foremost ski resort of North America and one of the premier destinations in the world. After 22 years as President of Jack-son Hole Mountain Resort, Jerry is moving on to new challenges and to enjoy the mountain and the commu-nity he has spent decades to help build. Through his passion and knowledge of the industry, Jerry is one of the most recognized and respected leaders in the ski industry today. His vision helped revolutionized Jackson Hole Mountain Resort and turn it into a year-round destination attracting skiers world-wide to Wyoming. From his childhood, Jerry has been involved in skiing. His father served as the general manager of Mt. Bachelor in Bend, OR. Jerry received a ski scholar-ship to the University of Denver, where he was an All-American athlete and captain of the team. The team won the NCAA championship three of his four seasons. After graduation, Jerry moved to Aspen to work in the ski industry and eventually became the president of Aspen Skiing Company. In 1995, Jackson Hole Mountain Re-sort named Jerry president and board member. For more than two decades, Jerry’s guidance and vision trans-formed the resort, strengthening busi-nesses and tourism in Jackson and the rest of Wyoming. During his tenure, Jerry increased the number of annual skier visits from the 200,000s to almost 600,000. He spearheaded over $200 mil-lion in capital improvements. He oversaw the replacement of the famous iconic aerial tram, the longest con-tinual vertical rise at a ski resort in North America. He collaborated with community members to create the JH- AIR nonprofit to expand service from major airlines and bring more nonstop flights to Jackson Hole Airport. This partnership has proved incredibly suc-cessful, allowing the resort to flourish and help introduce our beautiful State to thousands of new visitors every year. In addition to these achievements, Jerry focused always on employees. He recognizes people are fundamental to success. He considers the quality of his staff one of his proudest accomplish-ments. That focus resulted in one of the highest rates of returning employ-ees in the industry. It is no wonder Ski Magazine and Forbes recognize the re-sort as the No. 1 top destination ski re-sort. Jerry’s impact is not limited to ski-ing. Jerry serves his community and state as vice president of the Jackson Hole airport board and serves on the Board of Directors for the Wyoming Business Council. He oversaw the Teton Village Master Plan and became the treasurer of the Teton Village As-sociation, Improvement Service Dis-trict. Jerry also made the wild lands he worked in and around a priority. He served on the Board of the National Ski Area Association, NSAAA, and chaired the environmental committee for a decade. His commitment to pre-serving the environment and beauty of Jackson has earned the resort multiple environmentally focused awards. The resort was twice the recipient of the Golden Eagle Award, the highest indus-try environmental honor. Jerry’s leadership and the success of Jackson Hole Mountain Resort was felt statewide. Governor Matt Mead award-ed him the BIG WYO Award in 2016, given to individuals who achieved great strides in tourism and business to ad-vance Wyoming. Governor Mead said Jerry’s ‘‘leadership at the Village, in the community and across the state is as awe-inspiring as the mountain itself.’’ I spoke to Jerry on the day his retire-ment was announced. What he told me would not surprise those who know him well. He said he was looking forward to the next challenge and next oppor-tunity to serve the community he lives in and to many more days skiing the mountain he loves. In the years ahead, Bobbi and I wish Jerry, his wife, Rebecca, and his kids Brooke and Katie many more days serving and experiencing again the spe-cial place he helped reimagine. 
f 
150TH ANNIVERSARY OF AUBURN, MAINE Ms. COLLINS. Mr. President, today I wish to commemorate the 150th anni-versary of the city of Auburn, ME. Au-burn was built with a spirit of deter-mination and resiliency that still guides the community today, and this is a time to celebrate the generations of hard-working and caring people who have made it such a wonderful place to live, work, and raise families. Auburn was first settled in 1786 and incorporated as a town in 1842. The 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.022 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S869 February 12, 2018 
name was inspired by a popular poem by Oliver Goldsmith that begins with this line: ‘‘Sweet Auburn! Loveliest vil-lage of the plain.’’ With the mighty Androscoggin River providing power, Auburn soon was home to many lumber, grain, and tex-tile mills. When the factory system of shoe manufacturing was developed there, the people of Auburn formed a skilled and dedicated workforce that built a great Maine industry. The fac-tories attracted many French-Cana-dian immigrants, whose culture con-tinues to enliven the city. The pros-perity produced by hard work and de-termination was invested in schools and churches to create a true commu-nity. On February 12, 1868, the fast-grow-ing community incorporated as the city of Auburn. Together with Lewis-ton across the Androscoggin River, an economic powerhouse was created and the cities of the Androscoggin today form Maine’s second most populated municipal region. The decline of traditional industries in the 20th century posed a great chal-lenge. Auburn’s response is described in words etched into the walls of Auburn Hall, a Latin phrase that translates to ‘‘No Steps Backward.’’ Auburn is a community that was built by the power of a great river. Now, the power of community is building a new future on that river with new economic oppor-tunities, wonderful food, vibrant arts and entertainment, and exciting recre-ation. Auburn cherishes its history as it continues to move forward. Auburn is a city of compassionate, involved people. It is home to the Good Shepherd Food Bank, the largest hun-ger relief organization in Maine. The Auburn Police Activities League, which provides educational and ath-letic opportunities to children and teens after school and during the sum-mer, is an outstanding example of pub-lic officials and committed citizens joining together to change lives today to create the leaders of tomorrow. It is the hometown of a role model for all leaders, former Senator Olympia Snowe. The energy and planning that are going into Auburn’s 150th anniver-sary celebration demonstrate the pride residents have in their city. The celebration of the city of Au-burn’s 150th anniversary is not merely about the passing of time. It is about human accomplishment. We celebrate the people who, from the dawn of our Nation to our time, have pulled to-gether, cared for one another, and built a great community. Thanks to those who came before, Auburn, ME, has a wonderful history. Thanks to those there today, it has a bright future. 
f 
ADDITIONAL STATEMENTS 
25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE GLUCKSMAN IRELAND HOUSE OF NYU ∑Mr. BLUMENTHAL. Mr. President, today I wish to recognize the Glucksman Ireland House of NYU as they celebrate 25 years of dedication to the promotion of Irish studies and pro-viding a valuable, vibrant center for the appreciation and understanding of Irish and Irish-American culture and scholarship. Established in 1993, the Glucksman Ireland House strives to form enrich-ing, comprehensive connections to Irish and Irish-American culture for students at New York University and other members of the community. The house uses an integrated approach that combines academic curricula for under-graduates and graduate students with an impressive array of public program-ming. For a quarter of a century, the Glucksman Ireland House has earned its status as the hub for one of the world’s top-ranked academic Irish Studies programs. Boasting a faculty that specializes in Irish and Irish- American language, cultural studies, literature, history, and music, the house proudly hosts lectures, concerts, and other stimulating events, often headed by notable guests with personal expertise on a wide range of Irish top-ics. This month, the house will celebrate its milestone anniversary at its annual gala, where it will honor Pulitzer Prize-winning poet Paul Muldoon and entrepreneur Carl Shanahan. This year’s gala focuses on Irish-Jewish themes, in a tribute to Loretta Bren-nan Glucksman and the late Lewis L. Glucksman, whose joint vision helped transform the house into the lasting institution it is today. Lew strongly believed the ethnic and immigrant ex-perience is universal and strongly sup-ported the open cultural exchange that occurs so often at the house. The Glucksman Ireland House con-tinues to build a distinguished legacy as a key forum for discussion and learning, starting relevant conversa-tions, and commemorating rich his-tories. I applaud their numerous ac-complishments and hope my colleagues will join me in congratulating the Glucksman Ireland House of NYU on their 25 years of education, awareness, and community.∑ f 
REMEMBERING FONG GAY LEON WU ∑Ms. DUCKWORTH. Mr. President, today I wish to pay tribute to the re-markable life of Fong Gay Leon Wu, who passed away peacefully on Janu-ary 24, 2018. Fong Gay Leon Wu was born in a vil-lage in Guangdong, China, in the early 1920s. She was the first female in her large extended family to finish her sec-ondary education. This was not a com-mon practice in China in those days be-cause girls were not generally allowed to go to school. Subsequently, she married Yung Chi and settled to care for her new family during very turbulent times in China. She survived the Chinese civil war and the rise of the Communist Party. In 1949, her new family was facing increas-ingly belligerent villagers. Motivated by the presence of imminent danger to her family and armed with courage, strength, and ingenuity, she led her in-fant daughter and mother-in-law out of their fratricidal home village in the early days of communism in China, narrowly escaping death. Fong Gay and her family fled Guangdong to a safe haven in Hong Kong, where they were protected by family and friends, until she was able to rejoin her husband and start a new life in Santiago de Cuba. In her new home in Cuba, she gave birth to her second daughter. Shortly after the Cuban Revolution succeeded in 1959, she recognized signs of communism in the early days of Cas-tro’s Cuba and once again planned her family’s escape from a communist re-gime. With her family in tow, Fong Gay Leon Wu arrived to the United States. Her indomitable spirit, her strength, and her courage, which she has shown throughout her life, helped the family forge a new life here in the United States. Twice in her life, she had to start all over again, with little or noth-ing but the clothes on her back. Al-though raised as a child of privilege, Fong Gay was not afraid of hard work and challenges. She was dedicated to the ideals of America, most impor-tantly to the importance of freedom, because she experienced firsthand what it meant to live under a regime that limited freedom. In those early days after she arrived with her family in the United States, even though she could not speak English, she helped supple-ment the family income by helping with a family business startup in Chi-cago and later by working in the gar-ment industry in New York City’s Chinatown. After overcoming countless hardships and challenges throughout her life, Fong Gay never lost her big heart. Her love for her family and courage on their behalf has set an example for us all and especially for her daughters and granddaughters, each of whom has fol-lowed her lead and committed herself to a life and career of service. Her spir-it and warmth will be missed. ∑ f 
TRIBUTE TO DR. LARRY BOWMAN ∑Mr. GRAHAM. Mr. President, it is an honor to recognize Dr. Larry Bowman of Seneca, SC, as he throttles back his duties as director of orthopedic sports medicine for Clemson University’s football team. Larry completed his undergraduate education at West Virginia University before earning his masters in bio-engineering at Clemson University. Following an internship at the William Beaumont Army Medical Center, Larry served our country as a flight surgeon in the U.S. Army at Fort Lewis, WA. He returned to the Palmetto State to earn his medical degree at the Medical University of South Carolina College of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.011 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES870 February 12, 2018 
Medicine and, after completing his residency of orthopedic surgery, found-ed Blue Ridge Orthopedics in Seneca. Since Larry’s founding in 1981, Blue Ridge Orthopedics has become one of the largest and most trusted ortho-pedic providers in the Upstate. In 1988, Larry was selected to support the Clemson Tigers as the football pro-gram’s orthopedic team physician. Larry and his colleagues from Blue Ridge Orthopedics have since attended every Clemson practice and game, treated hundreds of athletes, and earned the trust and respect of coach-es, players, and fans. Larry also works with Clemson’s department of bio-engineering as an adjunct professor. The profound impact he has had on Clemson University inspired the foot-ball program to name the visiting lock-er room at Death Valley in Larry’s honor. In addition to his decades of work at Clemson, Larry has served as the team physician for Southern Wesleyan Uni-versity and Anderson University and worked at the Medical University of South Carolina as a clinical professor in the department of family medicine. Larry is the director of the AnMed Family Practice Sports Medicine Fel-lowship, a fellow of the American Academy of Orthopedic Surgeons, and was recognized with the Jack C. Hughston Physician of the Year Award in 2006 for his outstanding contribu-tions to sports medicine. Larry has worked tirelessly to commit each of these roles to improving the quality of life of South Carolinians, and I am con-fident he will continue to do so in this next chapter of life. I join the State of South Carolina and Clemson fans nationwide in thank-ing Dr. Larry Bowman for his dedica-tion over the last 30 football seasons. It is my distinct pleasure to celebrate the many contributions Larry has made over the course of his career, and I wish him all the best.∑ 
f 
MESSAGES FROM THE PRESIDENT Messages from the President of the United States were communicated to the Senate by Mr. Pate, one of his sec-retaries. 
f 
PRESIDENTIAL MESSAGES 
SIX-MONTH PERIODIC REPORT ON THE NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO LIBYA THAT WAS ORIGINALLY DECLARED IN EXECUTIVE ORDER 13566 OF FEB-RUARY 25, 2011, RECEIVED DUR-ING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SEN-ATE ON FEBRUARY 9, 2018—PM 26 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs: To the Congress of the United States: Section 202(d) of the National Emer-gencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1622(d)) provides for the automatic termination of a na-tional emergency unless, within 90 days before the anniversary date of its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect be-yond the anniversary date. In accord-ance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the enclosed notice stating that the na-tional emergency declared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, with respect to Libya is to continue in effect beyond February 25, 2018. Colonel Muammar Qadhafi, his gov-ernment, and close associates took ex-treme measures against the people of Libya, including using weapons of war, mercenaries, and wanton violence against unarmed civilians. There re-mains a serious risk that former mem-bers of the Qadhafi government, mem-bers of the Qadhafi family, the Qadhafi family’s close associates, or others de-termined to undermine the United Na-tions peace process might misappro-priate Libyan state assets. The diver-sion of these resources could prolong and deepen the current instability in Libya, which would benefit the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and other ter-rorist groups and pose a serious risk to the national security of the United States and the security of regional partners. A strong and united Libya is the best defense against terrorism in the region. The violence among Libyans that began in Benghazi in May 2014, and spread thereafter to Tripoli and throughout the country, has desta-bilized the country. Until Libyans re-solve their underlying political divi-sions, there will remain a significant threat of civil conflict in Libya. Many of the ongoing political divisions are over power and access to Libya’s re-sources, and further destabilization is possible were sanctions to be lifted. We continue to encourage Libyans to en-gage in political dialogue and refrain from violence. Those who reject dia-logue and obstruct or undermine Libya’s democratic transition must be held accountable. While we work with the international community to iden-tify those individuals who pose a threat to Libya’s democratic transi-tion, we must also continue to ensure that appropriate sanctions remain in place. The situation in Libya continues to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and for-eign policy of the United States, and measures are needed to protect against the diversion of assets or other abuses by members of Qadhafi’s family, their associates, and others hindering Liby-an national reconciliation. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency with respect to Libya. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 9, 2018. NOTIFICATION OF THE PRESI-DENT’S DESIGNATION AS EMER-GENCY REQUIREMENTS AS OUT-LINED IN THE ENCLOSED LIST OF ACCOUNTS, RECEIVED DUR-ING ADJOURNMENT OF THE SEN-ATE ON FEBRUARY 9, 2018—PM 27 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report, which was referred to the Com-mittee on the Budget: To the Congress of the United States: In accordance with section 21204 of division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (H.R. 1892; the ‘‘Act’’), I hereby designate as emergency requirements all funding (including the transfer of funds) so designated by the Congress in the Act pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as outlined in the enclosed list of accounts. The details of this action are set forth in the enclosed memorandum from the Director of the Office of Man-agement and Budget. DONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 9, 2018. 
f 
BUDGET OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019—PM 28 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred jointly, pur-suant to the order of January 30, 1975, as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; to the Committees on the Budget; and Appropriations: 
THE BUDGET MESSAGE OF THE PRESIDENT  
To the Congress of the United States: In one year of working together, we have laid the foundation for a new era of American Greatness. We have boost-ed economic growth, created more than two million jobs, and added nearly $5 trillion in new wealth to the stock market. Unemployment is at a 17-year low, wages are rising, and jobs are re-turning to America. Starting this month, hardworking Americans are going to see increased take home pay because of the massive tax cuts and tax reform legislation we enacted at the end of last year. America is back to winning again. A great spirit of optimism continues to sweep across our Nation. Americans can once again be truly confident that our brightest days are ahead of us. This year’s Budget builds upon our incredible successes over the past year and rests on the following pillars of re-form: Ending Wasteful Spending. The United States is laboring under the highest level of debt held by the public since shortly after the Second World War. The current fiscal path is unsustainable, and future generations deserve better. The Budget makes the hard choices needed to stop wasteful 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 04:58 May 31, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\RECORD18\FEBRUARY\S12FE8.REC S12FE8
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S871 February 12, 2018 
spending, lower the national debt, and focus Government on what matters most—protecting the Nation. Expanding Economic Growth and Op-portunity. The Budget continues our efforts to grow the economy, create millions of new jobs, and raise wages. To accompany our efforts to cut spend-ing and implement massive tax cuts and reforms for American families, workers, and businesses, we will con-tinue to relentlessly target unneces-sary regulations for elimination. We will also continue driving America to-ward energy dominance and making the United States a net energy ex-porter by 2026. The Budget also redefines what is possible, by putting the American economy on a path to sustainable 3- percent long-term economic growth. Over the next decade, a steady rate of 3-percent economic growth will infuse trillions of additional dollars into our economy, fueling the dreams of the American people and sustaining a new era of American Greatness. Preserving Peace Through Strength. The Budget recognizes that we con-front political, economic, and military adversaries and competitors that have required us to adjust our national secu-rity strategy. Foremost, the Budget re-builds and modernizes the military—to fulfill a core constitutional responsi-bility of the Federal Government. The Budget provides resources to enhance missile defense and to build the planes, tanks, warships, and cyber tools that the brave men and women who defend us need to deter aggression and, when necessary, to fight and win. Most im-portantly, the Budget provides funds to increase the size of our Armed Forces and to give our men and women in uni-form a well-earned pay raise. The Budget recognizes that we must deftly employ all of our tools of statecraft— diplomatic, intelligence-related, mili-tary, and economic—to compete and advance American influence. A world that supports American interests and reflects our values makes America more secure and prosperous. Building the Wall, Dismantling Transnational Criminal Organizations, and Enforcing Our Immigration Laws. The Budget reflects my Administra-tion’s serious and ongoing commitment to fully secure our border, take the fight to criminal gangs like MS–13, and make our immigration system work for Americans. The Budget provides fund-ing for a wall on our Southwest border and additional resources for law en-forcement at the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice. The Budget also funds an increase in the number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, Border Patrol agents, and immigration judges to im-prove enforcement at the border and within the United States. Rebuilding our Infrastructure. World- class infrastructure is possible for the American people. Together we will build stunning new bridges, railways, waterways, tunnels, water treatment facilities and highways. The Budget re-flects a new vision for American infra-structure that would generate $1 tril-lion in infrastructure investment and speed its delivery to the American peo-ple. Supporting American Working Fami-lies. Due to changes in family struc-tures, labor force composition, and par-ticipation rates, the demands on Amer-ican families have never been more complex or expensive to address. In ad-dition to the middle income tax relief achieved with the passage of tax re-form, the Budget reflects the impor-tance of investing in American work-ing families by making paid family leave available to new parents, invest-ing in effective approaches to skills training like formal apprenticeships, and maintaining Federal funding and leveraging additional State dollars for programs that help America’s working families access and afford child care. With these strategic investments, the Budget empowers Americans to thrive in our modern economy. Protecting Our Veterans. The Budget fulfills our promise and obligation to care for our veterans and their fami-lies—men and women who answered our Nation’s call for help and sacrificed so much to defend us. Our veterans have earned nothing less than the abso-lute best care and benefits after their service has ended, and the Budget pro-vides the funding necessary to treat them with the honor and respect they deserve. It is our Nation’s duty to en-sure veterans have access to the med-ical treatment they need, when they need it—and that they have a choice when it comes to their care. The Budg-et also ensures that veterans receive training and support to re-enter the workforce and find well-paying jobs. Combatting Opioid Addiction. More Americans died from drug overdoses in 2016 than those who lost their lives in the Vietnam War. Opioids caused the overwhelming majority of these deaths, which is why my Administra-tion has declared a nationwide Public Health Emergency with respect to opioids. The Budget reflects a solemn and unshakable commitment to lib-erate communities from the scourge of opioids and drug addiction. Fighting High Medical Drug Prices. Many patients face illness that could be cured or managed with the right medical drugs. But the prices for the drugs they need are often exorbitant. Unnecessarily high drug prices force many patients to choose between going without the medicines they need or making tremendous financial sac-rifices. In addition, taxpayers all too often are left to pay inflated prices for drugs for patients who obtain them through Government programs. The Budget proposes new strategies to ad-dress high drug prices and increase ac-cess to drugs by addressing perverse payment incentives and exposing drug companies to more aggressive competi-tion, all while continuing to promote innovation and extend American domi-nance in the pharmaceutical field. Moving from Welfare to Work. Mil-lions of our fellow Americans have been robbed of the dignity and inde-pendence that comes through the op-portunity to work. Despite significant economic improvements and a strong recovery in the job market, enrollment in welfare programs remains stub-bornly high in many places around the Nation. Millions of Americans are in a tragic state of dependency on a welfare system that does not reward work, and in many cases, pays people not to work. These programs, expanded dur-ing the previous administration, must now be reformed. While moving able- bodied Americans back into the work-force, welfare reform must also protect public resources for the truly needy, especially the low-income elderly, chil-dren, and Americans with disabilities. The Budget includes sensible reforms to problems in our current welfare sys-tem, and aims to end debilitating de-pendency while ensuring that our safe-ty net is reserved for those Americans who truly need help. More Pathways to Affordable Edu-cation and Well-Paying Jobs. The Budget takes important steps to ex-pand opportunities for Americans to access affordable, employment-rel-evant education that puts them on the path to a well-paying job and, ulti-mately, a fulfilling career. The Budget promotes formal apprenticeships, an evidence-based system that allows in-dividuals to ‘‘earn-while they learn.’’ The Budget also makes important in-vestments in science, technology, engi-neering, and mathematics (STEM) edu-cation in K–12 schools, and supports ca-reer and technical education in high schools and postsecondary institutions. Promoting School Choice. So many of America’s poorest children—espe-cially African-American and Hispanic children—attend failing public schools that afford them little hope of ful-filling their great potential. That is why families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious, or home school option that is right for them. The Budget empowers parents, especially of our disadvan-taged youth, to choose the very best school for their children. The Budget reflects our commitment to the safety, prosperity, and security of the American people. The more room our economy has to grow, and the more American companies are freed from constricting over-regulation, the stronger and safer we become as a Na-tion. It is now up to the Congress to act. I pledge my full cooperation in unleashing the incredible and unparal-leled potential of the American people. There is no limit to the promise of America when we keep our commit-ments to our fellow Americans and continue to put their interests first. Working together, we will do just that. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 12, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.004 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES872 February 12, 2018 
LEGISLATIVE OUTLINE FOR RE-BUILDING INFRASTRUCTURE IN AMERICA—PM 29 The PRESIDING OFFICER laid be-fore the Senate the following message from the President of the United States, together with an accompanying report; which was referred to the Com-mittee on Finance: To the Congress of the United States: I have enclosed with this message my Administration’s framework for re-building infrastructure in America. Our Nation’s infrastructure is in an un-acceptable state of disrepair, which damages our country’s competitiveness and our citizens’ quality of life. For too long, lawmakers have invested in infra-structure inefficiently, ignored critical needs, and allowed it to deteriorate. As a result, the United States has fallen further and further behind other coun-tries. It is time to give Americans the working, modern infrastructure they deserve. To help build a better future for all Americans, I ask the Congress to act soon on an infrastructure bill that will: stimulate at least $1.5 trillion in new investment over the next 10 years, shorten the process for approving projects to 2 years or less, address unmet rural infrastructure needs, em-power State and local authorities, and train the American workforce of the future. To develop the infrastructure frame-work I am transmitting today, my Ad-ministration engaged with Governors, mayors, Federal agencies, State and local agencies, Members of Congress, industry, and most importantly, the American people who depend on up-graded infrastructure. The product of these efforts is a roadmap for the Con-gress to draft and pass the most com-prehensive infrastructure bill in our Nation’s history. My Administration’s plan addresses more than traditional infrastructure—like roads, bridges, and airports—but addresses other needs like drinking and wastewater systems, waterways, water resources, energy, rural infrastructure, public lands, vet-erans’ hospitals, and Brownfield and Superfund sites. The reforms set forth in my plan will strengthen the econ-omy, make our country more competi-tive, reduce the costs of goods and services for American families, and en-able Americans to build their lives on top of the best infrastructure in the world. My Administration is committed to working with the Congress to enact a law that will enable America’s builders to construct new, modern, and efficient infrastructure throughout our beau-tiful land. D
ONALD J. T RUMP .T
HEWHITE HOUSE , February 12, 2018. 
f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE RECEIVED DURING ADJOURNMENT Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on February 9, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the House has passed the fol-lowing bill, without amendment: S. 96. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to ensure the integrity of voice communications and to prevent unjust or unreasonable discrimination among areas of the United States in the delivery of such communications. 
The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the amendment of the House to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1892) to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 582) to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multi-line telephone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9–1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other purposes. The message also announced that the House has agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 1301) mak-ing appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other pur-poses. The message further announced that the House has agreed to the amend-ment of the Senate to the resolution (H. Con. Res. 104) providing for a cor-rection in the enrollment of H.R. 1892. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Sec-retary of the Senate, on February 9, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, received a message from the House of Representatives announcing that the Speaker has signed the fol-lowing enrolled bills: 
S. 1438. An act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. H.R. 582. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9– 1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 1301. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense of the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. H.R. 1892. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Act-ing President pro tempore (Mr. B
AR-
RASSO ) announced that on February 9, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, he had signed the following en-rolled bill, which was previously signed by the Speaker of the House: H.R. 1892. An act to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED  
Under the authority of the order of the Senate of January 3, 2017, the Act-ing President pro tempore (Mr. R
OUNDS ) announced that on February 9, 2018, during the adjournment of the Senate, he had signed the following en-rolled bills, which were previously signed by the Speaker of the House: 
S. 1438. An act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. H.R. 582. An act to amend the Communica-tions Act of 1934 to require multi-line tele-phone systems to have a configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 9– 1–1 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or post-fix, and for other pur-poses. H.R. 1301. An act making appropriations for the Department of Defense of the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017, and for other purposes. f 
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE At 3:02 p.m., a message from the House of Representatives, delivered by Mr. Novotny, one of its reading clerks, announced that the House has passed the following bills, in which it requests the concurrence of the Senate: 
H.R. 1153. An act to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction. H.R. 4771. An act to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank hold-ing company policy statement, and for other purposes. f 
MEASURES REFERRED The following bills were read the first and the second times by unanimous consent, and referred as indicated: 
H.R. 1153. An act to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. H.R. 4771. An act to raise the consolidated assets threshold under the small bank hold-ing company policy statement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. f 
ENROLLED BILL PRESENTED The Secretary of the Senate reported that on today, February 12, 2018, she had presented to the President of the United States the following enrolled bill: 
S. 1438. An act to redesignate the Jefferson National Expansion Memorial in the State of Missouri as the ‘‘Gateway Arch National Park’’. f 
EXECUTIVE AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS The following communications were laid before the Senate, together with accompanying papers, reports, and doc-uments, and were referred as indicated: 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.005 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S873 February 12, 2018 
EC–4259. A communication from the Chief of Staff, Media Bureau, Federal Communica-tions Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Moderniza-tion of Media Regulation Initiative: Amend-ment of Parts 27, 54, 73, 74, and 76 of the Com-mission’s Rules to Delete Rules Made Obso-lete by the Digital Television Transition’’ ((MB Docket No. 17–105) (FCC 18–3)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce , Science, and Transportation. EC–4260. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Zoxamide; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9972–69) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4261. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Rimsulfuron; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9972–36) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4262. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Cyflufenamid; Pesticide Tolerances’’ (FRL No. 9972–61) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Agriculture, Nu-trition, and Forestry. EC–4263. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a report relative to a pilot pro-gram to increase the threshold for submis-sion of certified cost or pricing data if a risk- based assessment supports the decision to do so; to the Committees on Armed Services; and Appropriations. EC–4264. A communication from the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition, Tech-nology and Logistics), transmitting, pursu-ant to law, an assessment of the Defense Lo-gistics Agency and U.S. Transportation Com-mand by an independent, non-governmental entity; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4265. A communication from the Assist-ant Director, Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, forty-two (42) reports rel-ative to vacancies in the Department of De-fense, received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4266. A communication from the Alter-nate Federal Register Liaison Officer, Office of the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Department of Defense Free-dom of Information Act (FOIA) Program’’ (RIN0790–AI24) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Armed Services. EC–4267. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ven-ezuela that was originally declared in Execu-tive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015; to the Com-mittee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Af-fairs. EC–4268. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the National Credit Union Administration, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Civil Mon-etary Penalty Inflation Adjustment’’ (RIN3133–AE83) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4269. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel of the Federal Housing Finance Agency, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘2018–2020 Enterprise Housing Goals’’ (RIN2590–AA81) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Bank-ing, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4270. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Treasury, transmitting, pursu-ant to law, a six-month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Ukraine that was originally declared in Ex-ecutive Order 13660 of March 6, 2014; to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. EC–4271. A communication from the Acting Director, Office of Surface Mining Reclama-tion and Enforcement, Department of the In-terior, transmitting, pursuant to law, the re-port of a rule entitled ‘‘Kentucky Regulatory Program’’ ((30 CFR Part 917) (Docket ID OSM–2012–0014)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources. EC–4272. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘New York: Incorporation by Ref-erence of State Hazardous Waste Manage-ment Program’’ (FRL No. 9974–06–Region 2) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4273. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Mojave Desert Air Quality Manage-ment District’’ (FRL No. 9973–56–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4274. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval of California Air Plan Revi-sions, Mojave Desert Air Quality Manage-ment District’’ (FRL No. 9973–55–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4275. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; West Vir-ginia; Removal of Clean Air Interstate Rule Trading Programs Replaced by Cross-State Air Pollution Rule Trading Programs’’ (FRL No. 9974–12–Region 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4276. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Quality State Implementation Plans; Approvals and Promulgations: Cali-fornia; South Coast Moderate Area Plan for the 2006 PM2.5 Standards; Correction of Defi-ciency’’ (FRL No. 9974–11–Region 9) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on En-vironment and Public Works. EC–4277. A communication from the Direc-tor of the Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule en-titled ‘‘Air Plan Approval; OR; Oakridge; PM2.5 Moderate Plan, Finding of Attainment and Clean Data Determination’’ (FRL No. 9974–16–Region 10) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4278. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nu-clear Reactor Regulation, Nuclear Regu-latory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Ap-proval of American Society of Mechanical Engineers’ Code Cases’’ ((RIN3150–AJ13) (NRC–2012–0059)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4279. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘An Approach for Using Prob-abilistic Risk Assessment in Risk-Informed Decisions on Plant-Specific Changes to the Licensing Bases’’ (Regulatory Guide 1.174, Revision 3) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on Environment and Pub-lic Works. EC–4280. A communication from the Direc-tor of Congressional Affairs, Office of Re-search, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Vital Area Access Controls, Protection of Physical Security Equipment, and Key and Lock Controls’’ (NRC–2017–0216) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Environment and Public Works. EC–4281. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Finalizing Medicare Regulations under Sec-tion 902 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) for Calendar Year 2017’’; to the Com-mittee on Finance. EC–4282. A communication from the Assist-ant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Depart-ment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to the designation of a group as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the Secretary of State (OSS–2018–0075); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4283. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Bureau of Political- Military Affairs, Department of State, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, an addendum to a certification, of the proposed sale or export of defense articles and/or defense services to a Middle East country (OSS–2018–0074); to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4284. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, De-partment of State, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report relative to Market Data for Overseas Cost-of-Living Adjustments for Foreign Service Officers and Federal Govern-ment civilians who are stationed abroad; to the Committee on Foreign Relations. EC–4285. A communication from the Acting Assistant Secretary for Legislation, Depart-ment of Health and Human Services, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, a report entitled ‘‘Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now’’; to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions. EC–4286. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–231, ‘‘Paul Devrouax Way Des-ignation Act of 2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Af-fairs. EC–4287. A communication from the Chair-man of the Council of the District of Colum-bia, transmitting, pursuant to law, a report on D.C. Act 22–232, ‘‘Historic Anacostia Va-cant Properties Surplus Declaration and Dis-position Authorization Temporary Act of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.013 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES874 February 12, 2018 
2018’’; to the Committee on Homeland Secu-rity and Governmental Affairs. EC–4288. A communication from the Gen-eral Counsel, National Indian Gaming Com-mission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Freedom of Infor-mation Act Procedures’’ (RIN3141–AA21) re-ceived in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Indian Affairs. EC–4289. A communication from the Assist-ant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmit-ting, pursuant to law, a report on the activi-ties of the Community Relations Service for fiscal year 2017; to the Committee on the Ju-diciary. EC–4290. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Com-petition, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 8 of the Clayton Act’’ (FR Doc. 2018–01578) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4291. A communication from the Sec-retary of the Commission, Bureau of Com-petition, Federal Trade Commission, trans-mitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Revised Jurisdictional Thresholds for Section 7A of the Clayton Act’’ (FR Doc. 2018–01579) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 7, 2018; to the Committee on the Judiciary. EC–4292. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Piper Aircraft, Inc. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0015)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4293. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Pratt and Whitney Division Turbofan Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0719)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4294. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Aerospace Welding Min-neapolis, Incorporated Mufflers’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0324)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4295. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Enstrom Helicopter Cor-poration Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0141)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 6, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4296. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Various Restricted Category Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0894)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4297. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0826)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4298. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Dassault Aviation Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1250)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4299. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Sikorsky Aircraft Corpora-tion Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0896)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4300. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Hel-icopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0895)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4301. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1201)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4302. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0939)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4303. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1243)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4304. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1244)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4305. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0514)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4306. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2018–0023)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4307. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Airbus Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120– AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0716)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4308. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; The Boeing Company Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–0629)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4309. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Bombardier, Inc., Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0621)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4310. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1242)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4311. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2018–0022)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4312. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Fokker Services B.V. Air-planes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA– 2017–1249)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4313. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00020 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.015 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S875 February 12, 2018 
Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; Honeywell International Inc. Turboprop and Turboshaft Engines’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2016–9418)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4314. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Airworthi-ness Directives; British Aerospace Regional Aircraft Airplanes’’ ((RIN2120–AA64) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0993)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4315. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Kane, PA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–1060)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4316. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class D Airspace and Revocation of Class E Airspace; Fort Eustis, VA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0032)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4317. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Charles City, IA’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0949)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4318. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Lebanon, MO’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0176)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4319. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Amend-ment of Class E Airspace; Carrabassett, ME’’ ((RIN2120–AA66) (Docket No. FAA–2017–0610)) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Com-mittee on Commerce, Science, and Transpor-tation. EC–4320. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (26); Amdt. No. 3784’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4321. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (119); Amdt. No. 3783’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4322. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (46); Amdt. No. 3782’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4323. A communication from the Man-agement and Program Analyst, Federal Aviation Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Standard Instrument Approach Procedures, and Take-off Minimums and Obstacle Departure Proce-dures; Miscellaneous Amendments (85); Amdt. No. 3781’’ (RIN2120–AA65) received in the Office of the President of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4324. A communication from the Pro-gram Analyst, National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, Department of Transportation, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Procedures for State Highway Safety Grant Program’’ (RIN2127–AL71) received in the Of-fice of the President of the Senate on Feb-ruary 6, 2018; to the Committee on Com-merce, Science, and Transportation. EC–4325. A communication from the Assist-ant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting, pursuant to law, the report of a rule entitled ‘‘Safety Standard for Chil-dren’s Folding Chairs and Stools’’ ((16 CFR Parts 1112, 1130, and 1232) (Docket No. CPSC– 2015–0029)) received in the Office of the Presi-dent of the Senate on February 6, 2018; to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation. f 
INTRODUCTION OF BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS The following bills and joint resolu-tions were introduced, read the first and second times by unanimous con-sent, and referred as indicated: 
By Mr. GRASSLEY (for himself and Mr. B
ENNET ): S. 2415. A bill to amend title XIX of the So-cial Security Act to streamline enrollment of certain Medicaid providers and suppliers across State lines, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Finance. By Mr. WICKER (for himself and Mr. C
OONS ): S. 2416. A bill to amend titles 5, 10, and 37, United States Code to ensure that an order to serve on active duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, is treated the same as other orders to serve on active duty for determining the eligibility of members of the uniformed services for certain benefits; to the Committee on Armed Services. SUBMISSION OF CONCURRENT AND SENATE RESOLUTIONS The following concurrent resolutions and Senate resolutions were read, and referred (or acted upon), as indicated: 
By Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. G
ARDNER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. R
OUNDS ): S. Res. 401. A resolution designating May 5, 2018 as the ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. M ENENDEZ ): S. Res. 402. A resolution calling upon the President to exercise relevant mandatory sanctions authorities under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act in response to the Government of the Russian Federation’s continued aggression in Ukraine and illegal occupation of Crimea and assault on democratic institutions around the world, including through cyber attacks; to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions. By Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H
EITKAMP , Ms. C ANTWELL , Ms. S TABE -
NOW, Mrs. F ISCHER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. C
APITO , Ms. B ALDWIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. W
ARREN , Mrs. M URRAY , Ms. H AS-
SAN, Ms. S MITH, Ms. K LOBUCHAR , and Ms. D
UCKWORTH ): S. Res. 403. A resolution designating Feb-ruary 2018 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and February 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’; considered and agreed to. f 
ADDITIONAL COSPONSORS 
S. 198 
At the request of Mr. R UBIO, the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 198, a bill to require con-tinued and enhanced annual reporting to Congress in the Annual Report on International Religious Freedom on anti-Semitic incidents in Europe, the safety and security of European Jewish communities, and the efforts of the United States to partner with Euro-pean governments, the European Union, and civil society groups, to combat anti-Semitism, and for other purposes. 
S. 372 
At the request of Mr. P ORTMAN , the name of the Senator from Kansas (Mr. R
OBERTS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 372, a bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to ensure that merchandise arriv-ing through the mail shall be subject to review by U.S. Customs and Border Protection and to require the provision of advance electronic information on shipments of mail to U.S. Customs and Border Protection and for other pur-poses. 
S. 751 
At the request of Mr. W ARNER , the name of the Senator from Delaware (Mr. C
OONS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 751, a bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service Legacy Restora-tion Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, and for other purposes. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00021 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.017 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES876 February 12, 2018 
S. 910 
At the request of Mr. S CHUMER , the name of the Senator from Montana (Mr. T
ESTER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 910, a bill to prohibit discrimina-tion against individuals with disabil-ities who need long-term services and supports, and for other purposes. 
S. 1050 
At the request of Ms. D UCKWORTH , the name of the Senator from Wash-ington (Ms. C
ANTWELL ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1050, a bill to award a Congressional Gold Medal, collectively, to the Chinese-American Veterans of World War II, in recognition of their dedicated service during World War II. 
S. 1685 
At the request of Mr. S COTT, the name of the Senator from Alabama (Mr. J
ONES ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1685, a bill to require Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to establish proce-dures for considering certain credit scores in making a determination whether to purchase a residential mortgage, and for other purposes. 
S. 1764 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from Massachu-setts (Mr. M
ARKEY ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 1764, a bill to extend the principle of federalism to State drug policy, provide access to medical mari-juana, and enable research into the me-dicinal properties of marijuana. 
S. 1842 
At the request of Mr. W YDEN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 1842, a bill to provide for wild-fire suppression operations, and for other purposes. 
S. 1885 
At the request of Mr. T HUNE , the name of the Senator from Mississippi (Mr. W
ICKER ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 1885, a bill to support the develop-ment of highly automated vehicle safe-ty technologies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2006 
At the request of Mrs. F EINSTEIN , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Ms. M
URKOWSKI ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2006, a bill to require breast den-sity reporting to physicians and pa-tients by facilities that perform mam-mograms, and for other purposes. 
S. 2271 
At the request of Mr. R EED, the name of the Senator from California (Mrs. F
EINSTEIN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2271, a bill to reauthorize the Mu-seum and Library Services Act. 
S. 2286 
At the request of Mr. C ORKER , the names of the Senator from Wyoming (Mr. B
ARRASSO ) and the Senator from Connecticut (Mr. M
URPHY ) were added as cosponsors of S. 2286, a bill to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps volunteers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2335 
At the request of Mr. R OUNDS , the name of the Senator from South Da-kota (Mr. THUNE ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2335, a bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to issue per-mits for recreation services on lands managed by Federal agencies, and for other purposes. 
S. 2341 
At the request of Mr. T ESTER , the name of the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. K
LOBUCHAR ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2341, a bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to improve the processing of veterans benefits by the Department of Veterans Affairs, to limit the authority of the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to recover overpay-ments made by the Department and other amounts owed by veterans to the United States, to improve the due proc-ess accorded veterans with respect to such recovery, and for other purposes. 
S. 2345 
At the request of Mr. C ORNYN , the name of the Senator from Nevada (Ms. C
ORTEZ MASTO ) was added as a cospon-sor of S. 2345, a bill to amend the DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000 to provide additional resources to State and local prosecutors, and for other purposes. 
S. 2360 
At the request of Ms. H EITKAMP , the names of the Senator from New Hamp-shire (Mrs. S
HAHEEN ) and the Senator from Minnesota (Ms. S
MITH) were added as cosponsors of S. 2360, a bill to pro-vide for the minimum size of crews of freight trains, and for other purposes. 
S. 2370 
At the request of Mr. B OOKER , the name of the Senator from California (Ms. H
ARRIS ) was added as a cosponsor of S. 2370, a bill to better support our early childhood educators and elemen-tary school and secondary school teachers, and for other purposes. 
S. 2408 
At the request of Mr. C ARDIN , the name of the Senator from New York (Mrs. G
ILLIBRAND ) was added as a co-sponsor of S. 2408, a bill to prohibit the use of funds for an exhibition or parade of military forces and hardware for re-view by the President outside of au-thorized military operations or activi-ties. 
S. RES. 384 
At the request of Mr. G ARDNER , the name of the Senator from Alaska (Mr. S
ULLIVAN ) was added as a cosponsor of S. Res. 384, a resolution congratulating the Republic of Korea for hosting the 2018 Winter Olympic Games and sup-porting the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea. 
f 
SUBMITTED RESOLUTIONS 
SENATE RESOLUTION 401—DESIG-NATING MAY 5, 2018 AS THE ‘‘NA-TIONAL DAY OF AWARENESS FOR MISSING AND MURDERED NATIVE WOMEN AND GIRLS’’ Mr. DAINES (for himself, Mr. T
ESTER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mr. U DALL , Mr. GARDNER , Ms. H EITKAMP , Mr. C RAPO , and Mr. R
OUNDS ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary: Mr. DAINES. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the text of the bill be printed in the R
ECORD . There being no objection, the text of the bill was ordered to be printed in the R
ECORD , as follows: 
S. R ES. 401 Whereas, according to a study commis-sioned by the Department of Justice, in some tribal communities, American Indian women face murder rates that are more than 10 times the national average murder rate; Whereas, according to the most recently available data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, in 2015, homicide— (1) ranged from the second to seventh lead-ing cause of death for American Indian and Alaska Native females between 1 and 39 years of age; and (2) remained a leading cause of death for most American Indian and Alaska Native fe-males between 40 and 64 years of age; Whereas little data exist on the number of missing American Indian and Alaska Native women and girls in the United States; Whereas, on July 5, 2013, Hanna Harris, a member of the Northern Cheyenne Tribe, was reported missing by her family in Lame Deer, Montana; Whereas the body of Hanna Harris was found 5 days after she went missing; Whereas Hanna Harris was determined to have been raped and murdered, and the indi-viduals accused of committing those crimes were convicted; Whereas the case of Hanna Harris is an ex-ample of many similar cases; and Whereas Hanna Harris was born on May 5, 1992: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates May 5, 2018 as the ‘‘National Day of Awareness for Missing and Murdered Native Women and Girls’’; and (2) calls on the people of the United States and interested groups— (A) to commemorate the lives of missing and murdered American Indian and Alaska Native women and girls whose cases are doc-umented and undocumented in public records and the media; and (B) to demonstrate solidarity with the families of the victims in light of those trag-edies. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 402—CALL-ING UPON THE PRESIDENT TO EXERCISE RELEVANT MANDA-TORY SANCTIONS AUTHORITIES UNDER THE COUNTERING AMER-ICA’S ADVERSARIES THROUGH SANCTIONS ACT IN RESPONSE TO THE GOVERNMENT OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION’S CONTIN-UED AGGRESSION IN UKRAINE AND ILLEGAL OCCUPATION OF CRIMEA AND ASSAULT ON DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS AROUND THE WORLD, INCLUDING THROUGH CYBER ATTACKS Mr. CARDIN (for himself, Mr. B
ROWN , and Mr. M
ENENDEZ ) submitted the fol-lowing resolution; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-tions: 
S. R ES. 402 Whereas, on January 6, 2017, an assessment of the United States intelligence community 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00022 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.011 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S877 February 12, 2018 
entitled, ‘‘Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent U.S. Elections’’ stated, ‘‘Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered an influence campaign in 2016 aimed at the U.S. presidential election’’ and warned that ‘‘Moscow will apply lessons learned from its Putin-ordered campaign aimed at the U.S. Presidential election to future influence ef-forts worldwide, including against U.S. allies and their election processes’’; Whereas a report of the minority staff of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate released on January 10, 2018, and en-titled ‘‘Putin’s Asymmetric Assault on De-mocracy in Russia and Europe: Implications for U.S. National Security’’ assessed that the Government of the Russian Federation ‘‘em-ploys an asymmetric arsenal that includes military invasions, cyber attacks, disinformation, support for fringe political groups, and the weaponization of energy re-sources, organized crime and corruption.’’ and that the Government of the Russian Fed-eration ‘‘will continue to develop and refine its arsenal to use on democracies around the world, including against U.S. elections in 2018 and 2020’’; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues to undermine demo-cratic processes and institutions in Ukraine and threatens the peace, security, stability, sovereignty, and territorial integrity of Ukraine, including by its illegal occupation of Crimea and its support for violent separat-ists in the eastern part of Ukraine; Whereas the Government of the Russian Federation continues to provide financial, material, and technological support to the Government of Syria, which has enabled the latter to acquire or develop a range of lethal capacities it has deployed against civilians in its territory, including acts that may con-stitute war crimes, crimes against humanity or other violations of international human rights law; Whereas the Countering America’s Adver-saries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 886) passed with over-whelming bipartisan majorities in the Sen-ate and the House of Representatives, and title II of that Act was developed to respond to the interference of the Government of the Russian Federation in the United States 2016 election and the aggression of that Govern-ment in Ukraine and Syria and to deter such malicious activities in the future; Whereas the Countering America’s Adver-saries Through Sanctions Act was signed by the President and enacted into law on Au-gust 2, 2017, thereby codifying a range of mandatory sanctions against the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation for its mali-cious activities against the United States democratic process and in Ukraine and Syria; Whereas, in an interview with the British Broadcasting Corporation on January 29, 2018, Central Intelligence Agency Director Michael Pompeo said he had ‘‘not seen a sig-nificant decrease’’ in attempts by the Gov-ernment of the Russian Federation to sub-vert democracies in Europe and the United States and, when asked if that Government would try and interfere in the 2018 United States election, he said that he had ‘‘every expectation that they will continue to try and do that’’; Whereas, on March 6, 2014, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13360 (79 Fed. Reg. 13493; relating to blocking prop-erty of certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine), which authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to impose sanc-tions on persons determined to be under-mining democratic processes and institu-tions in Ukraine or threatening the peace, security, stability, sovereignty, and terri-torial integrity of Ukraine; Whereas President Obama subsequently issued Executive Order 13661 (79 Fed. Reg. 15535; relating to blocking property of addi-tional persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine), Executive Order 13662 (79 Fed. Reg. 16169; relating to blocking property of additional persons contributing to the situa-tion in Ukraine), and Executive Order 13685 (79 Fed. Reg. 77357; relating to blocking prop-erty of certain persons and prohibiting cer-tain transactions with respect to the Crimea region of Ukraine) to expand sanctions on certain persons contributing to the situation in Ukraine; Whereas, on April 1, 2015, President Barack Obama issued Executive Order 13694 (80 Fed. Reg. 18077; relating to the blocking of prop-erty of certain persons engaging in signifi-cant malicious cyber-enabled activities), which authorized the Secretary of the Treas-ury, in consultation with the Attorney Gen-eral and the Secretary of State, to impose sanctions on persons determined to be en-gaged in malicious cyber-hacking; Whereas, on December 29, 2016, President Obama issued an annex to Executive Order 13694, which authorized sanctions on— (1) the Main Intelligence Directorate (also known as Glavnoe Razvedyvatel’noe Upravlenie or the GRU) in Moscow, Russian Federation; (2) the Federal Security Service (also known as Federalnaya Sluzhba Bezopasnosti or the FSB) in Moscow, Russian Federation; (3) the Special Technology Center (also known as STLC, Ltd. Special Technology Center St. Petersburg) in St. Petersburg, Russian Federation; (4) Zorsecurity (also known as Esage Lab) in Moscow, Russian Federation; (5) the autonomous noncommercial organi-zation known as the Professional Associa-tion of Designers of Data Processing Sys-tems (also known as ANO PO KSI) in Mos-cow, Russian Federation; (6) Igor Valentinovich Korobov; (7) Sergey Aleksandrovich Gizunov; (8) Igor Olegovich Kostyukov; and (9) Vladimir Stepanovich Alexseyev; Whereas, on December 20, 2017, the Depart-ment of the Treasury imposed targeted sanc-tions on 5 nationals of the Russian Federa-tion under the Sergei Magnitsky Rule of Law Accountability Act of 2012 (title IV of Public Law 112–208; 22 U.S.C. 8511 note) and, on De-cember 21, 2017, the Department imposed tar-geted sanctions, including against one na-tional of the Russian Federation for signifi-cant corruption, under that Act and a deriv-ative Executive order signed by President Donald Trump; Whereas, on January 26, 2018, sanctions maintenance packages were issued by the Department of the Treasury under Executive Orders 13660, 13661, 13662, and 13685, signed by President Barack Obama, and those pack-ages targeted individuals and entities in con-nection with the conflict in Ukraine and the illegal occupation of Crimea by the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation; Whereas no sanctions have been imposed pursuant to mandatory provisions enacted under title II of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9501 et seq.), including— (1) section 224 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9524; relating to sanctions with respect to activi-ties of the Russian Federation undermining cybersecurity); (2) section 4 of the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8923), as amended by section 225 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions relating to special Russian crude oil products); (3) section 5 of the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8924), as amended by section 226 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions with respect to Russian and other foreign financial institutions); (4) section 9 of the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8908), as amended by section 227 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions with respect to significant corruption in the Russian Federa-tion); (5) section 10 of the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8909), as added by section 228 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions with respect to certain trans-actions with foreign sanctions evaders and serious human rights abusers in the Russian Federation); (6) section 233 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9527; relating to sanctions with re-spect to investment in or facilitation of pri-vatization of state-owned assets by the Rus-sian Federation); and (7) section 234 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9528; relating to sanctions with respect to the transfer of arms and related materiel to Syria); Whereas in testimony on January 30, 2018, to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, Secretary of the Treasury Steven Mnuchin said ‘‘[i]n the near future, you will see additional sanctions’’ based on the list of Russian oligarchs or sen-ior political figures, presumably against those who had engaged in malign activities sanctionable under United States law; Whereas a statement on January 29, 2018, from the Department of State asserted that ‘‘several billion dollars’’ in defense sector transactions with the Government of the Russian Federation or entities affiliated with that Government had been deterred through United States diplomacy and indi-cated that ‘‘sanctions on specific entities or individuals will not need to be imposed be-cause the [Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act] legislation is, in fact, serving as a deterrent,’’; and Whereas the deterrent value of sanctions is derived from the perception by potential tar-gets that the threat of imposing such sanc-tions is genuine; Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) strongly urges the President— (A) to examine intelligence information re-garding the cyber intrusions and attacks of the Government of the Russian Federation against democratic elections and systems around the world; and (B) to designate for the imposition of sanc-tions any persons found to have knowingly engaged in conduct that violates section 224 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9524; relat-ing to sanctions with respect to activities of the Russian Federation undermining cyber-security); (2) urges the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of State to fully implement section 9 of the Sovereignty, Integrity, De-mocracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8908), as amended by section 227 of the Countering America’s Ad-versaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions with respect to significant corrup-tion in the Russian Federation), taking into account information provided in the report mandated under section 241 of the Coun-tering America’s Adversaries Through Sanc-tions Act (Public Law 115–44; 131 Stat. 922) and other credible information available as a basis for potential additional sanction des-ignations; (3) calls on the President to immediately exercise sanctions authorities provided for 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00023 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.020 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES878 February 12, 2018 
under the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act to impose sanctions on relevant Russian individuals and entities found to have knowingly engaged in sanctionable conduct, including under— (A) section 4 of the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8923), as amended by section 225 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions relating to special Russian crude oil products); (B) section 5 of the Ukraine Freedom Sup-port Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8924), as amended by section 226 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions with respect to Russian and other foreign financial institutions); (C) section 10 of the Sovereignty, Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (22 U.S.C. 8909), as added by section 228 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (relating to sanctions with respect to certain trans-actions with foreign sanctions evaders and serious human rights abusers in the Russian Federation); (D) section 233 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9527; relating to sanctions with re-spect to investment in or facilitation of pri-vatization of state-owned assets by the Rus-sian Federation); and (E) section 234 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 9528; relating to sanctions with respect to the transfer of arms and related materiel to Syria); (4) urges the President— (A) to publicly acknowledge the ongoing threat posed by the Government of the Rus-sian Federation to democratic values and processes in the United States, Europe, and elsewhere; (B) to prioritize the development of a co-ordinated, whole-of-government response to that urgent threat; and (C) to work with Congress to provide for the funding and implementation of that re-sponse as soon as possible before the 2018 elections; (5) urges the President— (A) to vigorously implement section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (22 U.S.C. 9525; relat-ing to sanctions with respect to persons en-gaging in transactions with the intelligence or defense sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation); (B) to continue to work diplomatically to encourage substantial reductions in signifi-cant transactions with the intelligence and defense sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation; and (C) to ensure that sanctions are imposed under such section 231 in the event that a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the intelligence or defense sectors of the Govern-ment of the Russian Federation, as defined in guidance issued by the Department of State, takes place; (6) supports efforts to expose and publicize threats posed by the malign influence and disinformation efforts of the Government of the Russian Federation, as the United States intelligence community did in January 2017, including through efforts by social media platforms, independent media, State and local governments primarily responsible for elections management and oversight, and other governmental and civil society actors; and (7) calls on the President to take specific measures to ensure the protection of United States democratic institutions in advance of the 2018 elections, including the provision of cyber security defensive measures to elec-tion administrators at the State and local level that request assistance and to political parties and candidates. f 
SENATE RESOLUTION 403—DESIG-NATING FEBRUARY 2018 AS ‘‘AMERICAN HEART MONTH’’ AND FEBRUARY 2, 2018, AS ‘‘NATIONAL WEAR RED DAY’’ Ms. HIRONO (for herself, Ms. M
UR-
KOWSKI , Mrs. F EINSTEIN , Ms. H EITKAMP , Ms. C
ANTWELL , Ms. S TABENOW , Mrs. F
ISCHER , Mr. H OEVEN , Mrs. C APITO , Ms. B
ALDWIN , Mrs. S HAHEEN , Ms. W ARREN , Mrs. M
URRAY , Ms. H ASSAN , Ms. S MITH, Ms. K
LOBUCHAR , and Ms. D UCKWORTH ) submitted the following resolution; which was considered and agreed to: 
S. R ES. 403 Whereas cardiovascular disease affects men, women, and children of every age and race in the United States; Whereas, between 2003 and 2013, the death rate from cardiovascular disease fell nearly 30 percent, but cardiovascular disease con-tinues to be the leading cause of death in the United States, taking the lives of approxi-mately 800,000 individuals in the United States each year and accounting for 1 in 3 deaths across the United States; Whereas congenital heart defects are the most common birth defect in the United States, as well as the leading killer of in-fants with birth defects; Whereas, each year, an estimated 790,000 individuals in the United States have a heart attack, of whom an estimated 115,000 die; Whereas cardiovascular disease accounts for $555,000,000,000 in health care expendi-tures and lost productivity annually; Whereas, by 2035, cardiovascular disease will account for $1,093,900,000,000 in health care expenditures and lost productivity an-nually; Whereas individuals in the United States have made great progress in reducing the death rate for cardiovascular disease, but this progress has been more modest with re-spect to the death rate for cardiovascular disease in women and minorities; Whereas many people do not recognize that cardiovascular disease is the leading killer of women in the United States, taking the lives of 400,000 women in 2014; Whereas nearly 
2⁄3of women who unexpect-edly die of cardiovascular disease have no previous symptoms of the disease; Whereas nearly 
1⁄2of all African-American adults have some form of cardiovascular dis-ease, including 47.7 percent of African-Amer-ican women and 46 percent of African-Amer-ican men; Whereas Alaska Natives die from cardio-vascular disease at younger ages than indi-viduals from other ethnic groups; Whereas it is estimated that 36 percent of Alaska Natives and American Indians who die of cardiovascular disease die before reaching 65 years of age; Whereas many minority women, including African-American, Hispanic, Asian-Amer-ican, and Native American women and women from indigenous populations, have a greater prevalence of risk factors or are at a higher risk of death from heart disease, stroke, and other cardiovascular diseases, but are less likely to know of the risk; Whereas, between 1965 and 2017, treatment of cardiovascular disease for women was largely based on medical research on men; Whereas, due to the differences in cardio-vascular disease between men and women, more research and data on the effects of car-diovascular disease treatments for women is vital; Whereas extensive clinical and statistical studies have identified major and contrib-uting factors that increase the risk of car-diovascular disease, including— (1) high blood pressure; (2) high blood cholesterol; (3) smoking tobacco products; (4) exposure to tobacco smoke; (5) physical inactivity; (6) obesity; and (7) diabetes mellitus; Whereas an individual can greatly reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease through lifestyle modification coupled with medical treatment when necessary; Whereas greater awareness and early de-tection of risk factors for cardiovascular dis-ease can improve and save the lives of thou-sands of individuals in the United States each year; Whereas, under section 101(1) of title 36, United States Code, the President is re-quested to issue an annual proclamation des-ignating February as American Heart Month; Whereas the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute of the National Institutes of Health, the American Heart Association, and many other organizations celebrate National Wear Red Day during February by ‘‘going red’’ to increase awareness about cardio-vascular disease as the leading killer of women; and Whereas, every year since 1964, the Presi-dent has issued a proclamation designating the month of February as American Heart Month: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the Senate— (1) designates— (A) February 2018 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’; and (B) February 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’; (2) supports the goals and ideals of Amer-ican Heart Month and National Wear Red Day; (3) recognizes and reaffirms the commit-ment in the United States to fighting cardio-vascular disease by— (A) promoting awareness about the causes, risks, and prevention of cardiovascular dis-ease; (B) supporting research on cardiovascular disease; and (C) expanding access to medical treatment; (4) commends the efforts of States, terri-tories, and possessions of the United States, localities, nonprofit organizations, busi-nesses and other entities, and the people of the United States who support American Heart Month and National Wear Red Day; and (5) encourages every individual in the United States to learn about his or her risk for cardiovascular disease. f 
AUTHORITY FOR COMMITTEES TO MEET Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I have a request for one committee to meet during today’s session of the Sen-ate. It has the approval of the Majority and Minority leaders. Pursuant to rule XXVI, paragraph 5(a), of the Standing Rules of the Sen-ate, the following committee is author-ized to meet during today’s session of the Senate: 
COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS  
The Committee on Foreign Relations is authorized to meet during the ses-sion of the Senate on Monday, Feb-ruary 12, 2018, at 5 p.m., to hold a hear-ing entitled ‘‘Countering America’s Ad-versaries Through Sanction Act.’’ 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00024 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.020 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S879 February 12, 2018 
FOREIGN TRAVEL FINANCIAL REPORTS In accordance with the appropriate provisions of law, the Secretary of the Senate herewith submits the following re-ports for standing committees of the Senate, certain joint committees of the Congress, delegations and groups, and select and special committees of the Senate, relating to expenses incurred in the performance of authorized foreign travel: CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON AGRICULTURE, NUTRITION, AND FORESTRY FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Pat Roberts: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,580.83 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,580.83 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,397.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,397.38 Amber Kirchhoefer: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,501.32 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,501.32 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,397.38 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,397.38 Candace Vahlsing: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,856.06 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,856.06 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 612.75 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 612.75 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 7,661.66 .................... 1,856.06 .................... ....... ............. .................... 9,517.72 
SENATOR PAT ROBERTS, Chairman, Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, Jan. 11, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Patrick Leahy: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 852.27 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 852.27 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Kevin McDonald: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Chanda Betourney: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 781.77 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 781.77 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Naz Durakoglu: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Senator Lamar Alexander: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 781.77 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 781.77 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Sarah Fairchild: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Senator Richard Shelby: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 852.27 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 852.27 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Katie Britt: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Anne Caldwell: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Brian Potts: 
Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 702.26 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 702.26 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Kali Matalon: Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 1,677.88 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,677.88 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,792.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,792.56 Adam Telle: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 251.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 251.00 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 747.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 747.98 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 671.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 671.71 Will Todd: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 251.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 251.00 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 747.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 747.98 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 671.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 671.71 Scott Nance: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 251.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 251.00 Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... 747.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 747.98 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 671.71 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 671.71 Paul Grove: Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 346.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 346.00 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 634.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 634.00 Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 623.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 623.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,306.16 .................... . ................... .................... 11,306.16 Jeremiah Baumann: Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 344.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 344.00 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 490.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 490.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,692.01 .................... . ................... .................... 17,692.01 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00025 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES880 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Richard Durbin: Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 131.98 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 131.98 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 490.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 490.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,121.06 .................... 1 .20 .................... 10,122.26 Robert Leonard: Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... 134.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 134.00 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 490.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 490.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,228.21 .................... 1 .20 .................... 15,229.41 Delegation Expenses:* Hungary ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 4,500.00 .................... 4,500.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 3,685.16 .................... 3,685.16 Delegation Expenses:* Bahrain ..................................................................................................... Dollar ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 165.22 .................... 165.22 Delegation Expenses:* Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 2,940.00 .................... 2,940.00 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,646.26 .................... 1,646.26 Delegation Expenses:* Burma ....................................................................................................... Kyat ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 750.00 .................... 4 70.00 .................... 1,220.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 313.33 .................... 313.33 Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... 263.10 .................... 84.7 9 .................... 347.89 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 37,669.11 .................... 59,153.10 .................... 13,80 7.16 .................... 110,629.37 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR THAD COCHRAN,Chairman, Committee on Appropriations, Jan. 25, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator James M. Inhofe: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 164.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 164.88 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 372.79 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 372.79 Burundi ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 407.93 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 407.93 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 604.04 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 604.04 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 218.38 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 218.38 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 332.03 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 332.03 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 891.87 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 891.87 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 274.54 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 274.54 Luke Holland: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 173.70 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 173.70 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 436.57 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 436.57 Burundi ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 427.93 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 427.93 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 649.69 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 649.69 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 318.38 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 318.38 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 332.03 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 332.03 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,021.38 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,021.38 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 304.39 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 304.39 Tony Pankuch: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 137.23 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 137.23 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 382.47 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 382.47 Burundi ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 422.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 422.48 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 587.61 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 587.61 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 266.13 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 266.13 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 335.32 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 335.32 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,019.83 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,019.83 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 260.39 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 260.39 Mark Powers: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 149.26 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 149.26 Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... 398.82 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 398.82 Burundi ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... 407.93 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 407.93 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... 644.69 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 644.69 Rwanda ..................................................................................................... Franc ............... ..................................... .................... 218.38 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 218.38 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... 332.03 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 332.03 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,015.38 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,015.38 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 301.17 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 301.17 Delegation Expenses:* 
Jordan ....................................................................................................... Dinar ............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 251.70 .................... 1,325.95 .................... 1,577.65 Burundi ..................................................................................................... Franc .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 352.00 .................... 1, 519.93 .................... 1,871.93 Tanzania ................................................................................................... Shilling ............ ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 773.02 .................... 335 .15 .................... 1,108.17 Ethiopia ..................................................................................................... Birr .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 1,963.12 .................... 1,963.12 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 666.68 .................... 4,7 36.88 .................... 5,403.56 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 469.48 .................... 469.48 Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,223.39 .................... 1,223.39 Senator Deb Fischer: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,390.17 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,390.17 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 469.05 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 469.05 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 1,064.87 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,064.87 Joseph Hack: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,390.17 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,390.17 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 469.05 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 469.05 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 1,064.87 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 1,064.87 Delegation Expenses:* Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... 84.29 .................. .. .................... .................... 84.29 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 399.55 .................... 14 8.70 .................... 548.25 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 136.36 .................... 2 72.72 .................... 409.08 Senator Gary Peters: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,263.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,263.36 Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 1,331.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,331.00 Zephranie Buetow: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,333.00 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,333.00 Liberia ....................................................................................................... Dollar ........... ......................................... .................... 1,343.00 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,343.00 Senator Jack Reed: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 17,490.36 .................... . ................... .................... 17,490.36 South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,217.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,217.74 Ozge Guzelsu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,244.86 .................... . ................... .................... 12,244.86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00026 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S881 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 1,450.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,450.00 Delegation Expenses:* South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,110.99 .................... 12 3.38 .................... 1,234.37 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,022.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,022.16 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 271.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 271.00 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,022.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,022.16 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 271.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 271.00 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 277.67 .................... .. .................. .................... 277.67 Senator Joni Ernst: Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 251.71 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 251.71 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 6.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 6.19 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 12.39 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 12.39 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 176.95 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 176.95 Abbey Overland: Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 251.71 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 251.71 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 6.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 6.19 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 12.39 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 12.39 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 176.95 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 176.95 Senator Gary C. Peters: Azerbaijan ................................................................................................. Manat ............... .................................... .................... 234.21 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 234.21 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 6.19 .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... 6.19 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 14.39 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 14.39 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 176.95 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 176.95 Delegation Expenses:* Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,950.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... 13,950.00 Ireland ....................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 909.00 ................... . .................... .................... 909.00 Cord Sterling: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,494.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,494.16 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 1,371.77 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,371.77 Samantha Clark: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,434.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 9,434.16 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 1,371.77 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,371.77 Delegation Expenses:* Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,597.26 ................. ... .................... .................... 1,597.26 Senator Jeanne Shaheen: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 786.84 .................... .... ................ .................... 786.84 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 564.79 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 564.79 Bryan Maxwell: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,236.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,236.71 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar ..............
...................................... .................... 621.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 621.22 Naz Durakoglu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,236.71 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,236.71 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 621.22 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 621.22 Christian Brose: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 913.79 .................... .... ................ .................... 913.79 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 619.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 619.48 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 913.79 .................... .... ................ .................... 913.79 Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... 619.48 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 619.48 Delegation Expenses:* Canada ..................................................................................................... Dollar .............. ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 970.26 .................... 26 ,233.61 .................... 27,203.87 Jonathan Epstein: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 19,473.16 .................... . ................... .................... 19,473.16 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 157.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 157.88 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 45.75 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 45.75 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... 163.35 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 163.35 Delegation Expenses:* Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,225.00 ................ .... .................... .................... 6,225.00 Thailand .................................................................................................... Baht ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... 214.46 .................... . ................... .................... 214.46 William Quinn: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,129.16 .................... . ................... .................... 10,129.16 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 170.37 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 170.37 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 80.89 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 80.89 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,129.16 .................... . ................... .................... 10,129.16 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 210.97 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 210.97 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 92.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 92.00 Michael Noblet: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,246.00 .................... . ................... .................... 10,246.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 171.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 171.00 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... 90.89 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 90.89 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,184.03 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,184.03 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 200.37 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 200.37 Delegation Expenses:* Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... 31,125.00 ............... ..... .................... .................... 31,125.00 Lebanon .................................................................................................... Pound ............... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 4,713.21 .................... 4,713.21 James B. Hickey: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,921.16 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,921.16 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 13.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 13.00 Iraq ........................................................................................................... Dinar ........... .......................................... .................... 28.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 28.00 
Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,121.00 .................... . ................... .................... 11,121.00 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 16.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 16.00 Matthew Lampert: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,611.46 .................... . ................... .................... 12,611.46 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 11.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 11.00 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 6,991.04 .................... .. .................. .................... 6,991.04 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 15.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 15.00 Mark Montgomery: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,369.86 .................... . ................... .................... 11,369.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 856.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 856.76 Poland ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 209.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 209.93 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 296.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 296.10 Dustin Walker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,221.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,221.46 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 987.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 987.76 Poland ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 247.93 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 247.93 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 368.10 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 368.10 William G.P. Monahan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,369.86 .................... . ................... .................... 11,369.86 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00027 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES882 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ARMED SERVICES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 856.76 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 856.76 Poland ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 232.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 232.75 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 287.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 287.28 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 292.29 .................... .. .................. .................... 292.29 Poland ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 69.97 .................... 69.97 Adam Barker: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,912.06 .................... . ................... .................... 15,912.06 Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 335.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 335.92 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ Franc .................. .................................. .................... 110.00 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 110.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 901.72 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 901.72 Mariah McNamara: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,912.06 .................... . ................... .................... 15,912.06 Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... 298.92 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 298.92 Burkina Faso ............................................................................................ Franc .................. .................................. .................... 83.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 83.00 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 961.72 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 961.72 Delegation Expenses:* Niger ......................................................................................................... Franc ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 266.67 .................... .................... .................... 266.67 France ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... 1,111.00 .................. .. .................... .................... 1,111.00 Senator Dan Sullivan: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,587.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,587.26 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 249.85 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 249.85 Jason Suslavich: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,587.26 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,587.26 Afghanistan .............................................................................................. Afghani ............... .................................. .................... 227.85 .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... 227.85 Daniel Lerner: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,263.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,263.18 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,726.60 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,726.60 Allison Lazarus: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,263.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,263.18 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,658.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,658.00 Kirk McConnell: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,263.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,263.18 Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... 1,726.60 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 1,726.60 Delegation Expenses:* Israel ......................................................................................................... New Shekel ...... ..................................... .................... .................... .................... 484.30 .................... 2,5 11.49 .................... 2,995.79 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 46,747.54 .................... 351,145.09 .................... 45,6 46.98 .................... 443,539.61 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN McCAIN,Chairman, Committee on Armed Services, Jan. 26, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE, SCIENCE, AND TRANSPORTATION FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Brian Schatz: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 926.49 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 926.49 Dale Hahm: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 927.17 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 927.17 Michael Iacay: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 940.35 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 940.35 Delegation Expenses: * Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 3,373.35 .................... 3,373.35 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 2,794.01 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,373.35 .................... 6,167.36 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN THUNE, Chairman, Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, Jan. 26, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND NATURAL RESOURCES FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Lisa Murkowski: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,671.11 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,671.11 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 893.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 893.00 Isaac Edwards: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 707.10 .................... .... ................ .................... 707.10 Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... 997.55 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 997.55 Delegation Expenses: * Iceland ...................................................................................................... Krona ............. ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 533.00 .................... 533.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 1,890.55 .................... 3,378.21 .................... 533.00 .................... 5,801.76 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LISA MURKOWSKI,Chairman, Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, Jan. 3, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00028 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S883 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON ENVIRONMENT AND PUBLIC WORKS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Adena Leibman: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,266.10 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,266.10 Malta ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 1,117.02 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,117.02 Delegation Expenses:* Malta ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 131.63 .................... 131.63 Senator Sheldon Whitehouse: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,050.85 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,050.85 Aaron Goldner: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,069.96 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,069.96 Rebecca Ward: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,131.63 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,131.63 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,006.48 .................... 366.93 .................... 3,373.41 Brian Clifford: United States: ........................................................................................... Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,203.86 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,203.86 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,104.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,104.00 Laura Gillam: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,857.56 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,857.56 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 552.00 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 552.00 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 5,391.33 .................... 5,391.33 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,025.46 .................... 14,334.00 .................... 5,889. 89 .................... 26,249.35 
*Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR JOHN BARRASSO, Chairman, Committee on Environment and Public Works, Jan. 26, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FINANCE, FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Shane Warren: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 890.00 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 890.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 449.02 .................... .... ................ .................... 449.02 Douglas Petersen: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 731.37 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 731.37 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 449.02 .................... .... ................ .................... 449.02 Greta Peisch: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Peso .............. ........................................ .................... 840.22 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 840.22 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 574.02 .................... .... ................ .................... 574.02 Shane Warren: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 383.84 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 383.84 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,826.36 .................... . ................... .................... 15,826.36 Brian Bombassaro: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 394.56 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 394.56 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 15,456.36 .................... . ................... .................... 15,456.36 Elissa Alben: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 539.60 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 539.60 China ........................................................................................................ Yuan .............. ....................................... .................... 199.36 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 199.36 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,981.96 .................... . ................... .................... 12,981.96 Jayme White: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 543.97 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 543.97 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 14,147.46 .................... . ................... .................... 14,147.46 Delegation Expenses:* United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,896.36 .................... 1,896.36 Shane Warren: Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,313.64 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,313.64 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,133.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,133.16 Douglas Petersen: Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,271.36 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,271.36 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,133.16 .................... . ................... .................... 13,133.16 Elissa Alben: Argentina .................................................................................................. Peso ................ ...................................... .................... 1,436.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,436.51 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,133.16 .................... . ................... .................... 12,133.16 Delegation Expenses:* United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 3,459.33 .................... 3,459.33 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 8,544.43 .................... 98,283.68 .................... 5,355. 69 .................... 112,183.80 
* Delegation Expenses include Embassy overtime, transportation, as well as official expenses in accordance with the responsibili ties of the host country. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,Chairman, Committee on Finance, Jan. 29, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Barrasso: Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 323.68 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 323.68 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,302.74 .................... . ................... .................... 12,302.74 Charles Ziegler: Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... 323.68 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 323.68 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,815.06 .................... . ................... .................... 10,815.06 Delegation Expenses:* Kuwait ....................................................................................................... Dollar ............ ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 629.42 .................... 629.42 Senator Ben Cardin: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,127.51 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,127.51 Sean Bartlett: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,545.55 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,545.55 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00029 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES884 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN RELATIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,020.10 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,020.10 Joshua Klein: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,207.28 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,207.28 Debbie Yamada: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,053.60 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,053.60 Senator Ed Markey: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 878.74 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 878.74 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,527.60 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,527.60 Morgan Gray: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 969.88 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 969.88 Senator Jeff Merkley: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 942.11 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 942.11 Adrian Deveny: Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,208.15 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,208.15 Delegation Expenses:* Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 8,995.67 .................... 8,995.67 Senator Jeff Merkley: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 446.20 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 446.20 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 257.00 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 257.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,506.91 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,506.91 Laura Updegrove: Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... 408.70 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 408.70 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... 179.50 .................... .................... .................... ... ................. .................... 179.50 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,660.01 .................... . ................... .................... 12,660.01 Delegation Expenses:* Bangladesh ............................................................................................... Taka .................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 1,691.84 .................... 1,691.84 Myanmar ................................................................................................... Kyat ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 2,764.80 .................... 2,764.80 Senator Christopher Murphy: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 310.34 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 310.34 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 276.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 276.41 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 13,593.66 .................... . ................... .................... 13,593.66 Jessica Elledge: Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... 310.34 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 310.34 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 288.41 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 288.41 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,924.66 .................... . ................... .................... 12,924.66 Delegation Expenses:* Ukraine ...................................................................................................... Hryvnia ........... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 2,167.94 .................... 2,167.94 Estonia ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 1,827.83 .................... 1,827.83 Carolyn Leddy: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 735.25 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 735.25 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,244.32 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,244.32 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,386.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,386.66 Emily Manning: Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... 896.00 .................... .................... .................... ..
.................. .................... 896.00 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 1,703.65 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,703.65 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 5,386.66 .................... .. .................. .................... 5,386.66 Delegation Expenses:* Vietnam ..................................................................................................... Dong ............... ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 777.22 .................... 777.22 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,089.26 .................... 2,089.26 Damian Murphy: Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 635.69 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 635.69 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 973.84 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 973.84 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 4,731.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 4,731.46 Delegation Expenses:* Lithuania ................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 513.63 .................... 513.63 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 751.21 .................... 751.21 Charlotte Oldham-Moore: India .......................................................................................................... Rupee ........... ........................................ .................... 2,100.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 2,100.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 2,550.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 2,550.36 Lowell Schwartz: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 706.65 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 706.65 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 668.03 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 668.03 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 877.69 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 877.69 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,713.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,713.36 Francisco Bencosme: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 710.55 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 710.55 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 687.95 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 687.95 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 887.75 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 887.75 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,713.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,713.36 Daniel Ricchetti: China ........................................................................................................ Renminbi .......... .................................... .................... 604.55 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 604.55 Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... 438.18 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 438.18 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... 659.30 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 659.30 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 3,713.36 .................... .. .................. .................... 3,713.36 Delegation Expenses:* Korea ......................................................................................................... Won .............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 613.12 .................... 613.12 Japan ........................................................................................................ Yen ............... ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 966.48 .................... 966.48 Brandon Yoder: Mexico ....................................................................................................... Mexican Peso ...... .................................. .................... 1,161.00 .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... 1,161.00 Guatemala ................................................................................................ Guatemalan Quetzal .... ......................... .................... 530.00 .................... .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... 530.00 United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 1,295.88 .................... .. .................. .................... 1,295.88 Delegation Expenses:* Mexico ....................................................................................................... Mexican Peso ...... .................................. .................... .................... .................... .................... ............. ....... 31.00 .................... 31.00 Guatemala ................................................................................................ Guatemalan Quetzal .... ......................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 12 0.00 .................... 120.00 
Total: .................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 28,277.48 .................... 103,841.84 .................... 23,9 39.42 .................... 156,058.74 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR BOB CORKER, Chairman, Committee on Foreign Relations, Jan. 26, 2017. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
David Cleary: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,501.32 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,501.32 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00030 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S885 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HEALTH, EDUCATION, LABOR, AND PENSIONS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Hungary ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 586.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 586.00 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,151.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,151.48 Delegation Expenses: * Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 905.39 .................... 905.39 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ 473.68 .................... 473.68 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 513.82 .................... 513.82 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,238.80 .................... .................... ................ .... 1,892.89 .................... 5,131.69 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under the authority of Sec. 502(b) of the M utual Security Act of 1954, as amended by Sec. 22 of P.L. 95–384 and S. Res. 179, agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR LAMAR ALEXANDER, Chairman, Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, Jan. 26, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), SELECT COMMITTEE ON INTELLIGENCE FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Michael Pevzner: ................................................................................................ ............... ................................................ .................... 828.88 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 828.88 ............................................................... .................... 570.75 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 570.75 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,4 89.46 .................... .................... .................... 11,489.46 Ryan Kaldahl: .................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 728.88 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 728.88 ............................................................... .................... 520.75 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 520.75 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,4 89.46 .................... .................... .................... 11,489.46 Delegation Expenses:* ....................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 522.65 .................... 522.65 Chad Tanner: ..................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 387.39 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 387.39 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 9,53 1.36 .................... .................... .................... 9,531.36 Ryan White: ........................................................................................................ ............ ................................................... .................... 732.97 .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... .................... 732.97 ............................................................... .................... 558.52 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 558.52 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,3 62.26 .................... .................... .................... 10,362.26 Delegation Expenses:* ....................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 112.80 .................... 112.80 Hayden Milberg: ................................................................................................. ............... ................................................ .................... 956.00 .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... 956.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,0 48.26 .................... .................... .................... 16,048.26 James Sauls: ..................................................................................................... .............. ................................................. .................... 941.00 .................... .................... ........... ......... .................... .................... 941.00 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 16,0 48.26 .................... .................... .................... 16,048.26 Delegation Expenses:* ....................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 388.00 .................... 388.00 Senator James Lankford: ................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 574.06 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 574.06 ............................................................... .................... 197.64 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 197.64 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,2 47.81 .................... .................... .................... 11,247.81 Jacob Barton: ..................................................................................................... ............. .................................................. .................... 674.05 .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... 674.05 ............................................................... .................... 297.64 .................... ................. ... .................... .................... .................... 297.64 ............................................................... .................... .................... .................... 10,1 77.26 .................... .................... .................... 10,177.26 Delegation Expenses:* ....................................................................................... ................... ............................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ... ................. 1,003.99 .................... 1,003.99 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 7,968.53 .................... 96,394.13 .................... 2,027. 44 .................... 106,390.10 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RICHARD BURR,Chairman, Select Committee on Intelligence, Feb. 5, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON HOMELAND SECURITY AND GOVERNMENTAL AFFAIRS FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Kamala Harris: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 11,207.08 .................... . ................... .................... 11,207.08 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,511.11 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,511.11 Halie Soifer: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 7,298.18 .................... .. .................. .................... 7,298.18 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,857.98 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,857.98 Rohini Kosoglu: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 12,543.18 .................... . ................... .................... 12,543.18 Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... 1,591.98 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 1,591.98 Delegation Expenses: * Israel ......................................................................................................... Shekel .......... ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. 17,915.35 .................... 17,915.35 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 4,961.07 .................... 31,048.44 .................... 17,915 .35 .................... 53,924.86 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR RON JOHNSON, Chairman, Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, Jan. 24, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator John Cornyn: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,617.57 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,617.57 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Hungarian Forint ... ............................... .................... 419.36 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 419.36 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00031 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES886 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMITTEE ON JUDICIARY FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017—Continued 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 973.07 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 973.07 Monica Popp: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,558.92 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,558.92 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Hungarian Forint ... ............................... .................... 640.10 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 640.10 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,230.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,230.48 Delegation Expenses: * Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ 1,843.68 .................... 1,843.68 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Hungarian Forint ... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 473.68 .................... 473.68 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... 1,027.64 .................... 1,027.64 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 6,439.50 .................... .................... ................ .... 3,345.00 .................... 9,784.50 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR CHUCK GRASSLEY,Chairman, Committee on Judiciary, Jan. 31, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), COMMISSION ON SECURITY AND COOPERATION IN EUROPE FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 1, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Ambassador David Killion: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,549.14 .................... 12,446.86 .................... ........ ............ .................... 15,996.00 Allison Hollabaugh: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 2,363.94 .................... 2,003.76 .................... ......... ........... .................... 4,367.70 Paul Massaro: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,549.14 .................... 12,446.86 .................... ........ ............ .................... 15,996.00 Jordan Warlick: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,151.92 .................... 12,495.96 .................... ........ ............ .................... 15,647.88 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 3,306.75 .................... 3,306.75 Ambassador David Killion: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3035.22 .................... 12,301.86 .................... ......... ........... .................... 15,337.08 Paul Massaro: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 3,035.22 .................... 12,331.16 .................... ........ ............ .................... 15,366.38 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 2,691.29 .................... 2,691.29 Ambassador David Killion: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 2,814.63 .................... 16,380.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 19,194.99 Paul Massaro: South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... 2,814.63 .................... 16,380.36 .................... ............ ........ .................... 19,194.99 Delegation Expenses: * South Korea .............................................................................................. Won ................... .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 4,823.68 .................... 4,823.68 Robert Hand: Andorra ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 810.44 .................... 1,090.66 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,901.10 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 363.69 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 363.69 Alex Tiersky: Andorra ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 607.83 .................... 1,177.76 .................... ............ ........ .................... 1,785.59 Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... 374.00 .................... .................... ................... . .................... .................... 374.00 Delegation Expenses: * Andorra ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... Spain ......................................................................................................... Euro ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... Janice Helwig: Kyrgyzstan ................................................................................................. Som ................. ..................................... .................... 2,029.00 .................... 3,115.40 .................... ............ ........ .................... 5,144.40 Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ So’m ................. .................................... .................... 1,903.30 .................... .................... .................... .. .................. .................... 1,903.30 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... 316.00 .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... 316.00 Delegation Expenses: * Kyrgyzstan ................................................................................................. Som ................. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... 109.65 .................... 109.65 Uzbekistan ................................................................................................ So’m ................. .................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........... ......... 140.12 .................... 140.12 Kazakhstan ............................................................................................... Tenge ................. ................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ............ ........ .................... .................... .................... Everett Price: Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... 1,115.00 .................... 1,416.76 .................... ............ ........ .................... 2,531.76 Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... 821.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 821.00 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 519.22 .................... .................... ................. ... .................... .................... 519.22 Delegation Expenses: * Morocco ..................................................................................................... Dirham ............. ..................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .......... .......... .................... .................... .................... Egypt ......................................................................................................... Pound ............ ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........
............ 217.72 .................... 217.72 Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... .... ................ .................... .................... .................... Allison Hollabaugh: Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... 966.00 .................... 1,018.06 .................... .......... .......... .................... 1,984.06 Delegation Expenses: * Poland ....................................................................................................... Zloty ............. ......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ...... .............. .................... .................... .................... Alex Tiersky: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,124.11 .................... 12,446.86 .................... ........ ............ .................... 13,570.97 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 98.47 .................... 98.47 Mischa Thompson: Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... 922.92 .................... 13,108.86 .................... ........... ......... .................... 14,031.78 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,578.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,578.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,365.00 .................... .................... .................. .. .................... .................... 1,365.00 Delegation Expenses: * Belgium ..................................................................................................... Euro ............... ....................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ........ ............ .................... .................... .................... United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 250.00 .................... 250.00 Greece ....................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 166.27 .................... 166.27 Jordan Warlick: Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... 1,335.91 .................... 12,431.86 .................... ........ ............ .................... 13,767.77 Delegation Expenses: * Austria ...................................................................................................... Euro .............. ........................................ .................... .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. 98.47 .................... 98.47 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 40,465.26 .................... 142,593.40 .................... 11,9 02.42 .................... 194,961.08 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ROGER WICKER, Chairman, Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe, Jan. 29, 2018. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00032 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 8634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATE S887 February 12, 2018 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE UNDER AUTHORITY OF S EC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), MAJORITY LEADER FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Dr. Brian Monahan: Italy ........................................................................................................... Euro ........... ........................................... .................... 1,524.32 .................... .................... ............... ..... .................... .................... 1,524.32 Germany .................................................................................................... Euro ................ ...................................... .................... 1,174.48 .................... .................... .................... .................... .................... 1,174.48 Hungary ..................................................................................................... Forint ............. ....................................... .................... 559.00 .................... .................... .................... . ................... .................... 559.00 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... 3,257.80 .................... .................... ................ .... .................... .................... 3,257.80 
SENATOR MITCH McCONNELL,Majority Leader, Jan. 30, 2018. 
CONSOLIDATED REPORT OF EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR FOREIGN TRAVEL BY MEMBERS AND EMPLOYEES OF THE U.S. SENATE, UNDER AUTHORITY OF SEC. 22, P.L. 95–384—22 U.S.C. 1754(b), PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE FOR TRAVEL FROM OCT. 1 TO DEC. 31, 2017 
Name and country Name of currency Per diem Transportation Miscellaneous Total Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency Foreign currency U.S. dollar equivalent or U.S. currency 
Senator Orrin G. Hatch: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,657.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,657.46 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,346.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,346.00 Matthew Sandgren: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,657.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,657.46 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 1,346.00 .................... .................... .................... ....... ............. .................... 1,346.00 Christopher Bates: United States ............................................................................................ Dollar ................ .................................... .................... .................... .................... 8,657.46 .................... .. .................. .................... 8,657.46 United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... 820.00 .................... .................... .................... ......... ........... .................... 820.00 Delegation Expenses: * United Kingdom ........................................................................................ Pound .................... ............................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ................ .... 6,597.81 .................... 6,597.81 
Total ..................................................................................................... ..................... .......................................... .................... .................... .................... .................... ..... ............... .................... .................... 36,082.19 
* Delegation expenses include payments and reimbursements to the Department of State under authority of Sec. 502(b) of the Mutua l Security Act of 1954, as amended by Section 22 of P.L. 95–384, and S. Res. 179 agreed to May 25, 1977. SENATOR ORRIN HATCH,President Pro Tempore, Feb. 2, 2018. 
AMERICAN HEART MONTH AND NATIONAL WEAR RED DAY Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I ask unanimous consent that the Sen-ate proceed to the immediate consider-ation of S. Res. 403, submitted earlier today. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will report the resolution by title. The bill clerk read as follows: 
A resolution (S. Res. 403) designating Feb-ruary 2018 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and February 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day.’’ 
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded to consider the resolution. Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, I further ask unanimous consent that the resolution be agreed to, the pre-amble be agreed to, and the motions to reconsider be considered made and laid upon the table with no intervening ac-tion or debate. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The resolution (S. Res. 403) was agreed to. The preamble was agreed to. (The resolution, with its preamble, is printed in today’s R
ECORD under ‘‘Sub-mitted Resolutions.’’) 
f 
ORDERS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2018 Mr. President, I ask unanimous con-sent that when the Senate completes its business today, it adjourn until 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 13; further, that following the prayer and pledge, the morning hour be deemed expired, the Journal of proceedings be approved to date, the time for the two leaders be reserved for their use later in the day, and morning business be closed. I fur-ther ask that following leader remarks, the Senate resume consideration of the motion to proceed to H.R. 2579; finally, that the Senate recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m., and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and leader remarks count postcloture on the motion to proceed. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. f 
ORDER FOR ADJOURNMENT Mr. M
CCONNELL. Mr. President, if there is no further business to come be-fore the Senate, I ask unanimous con-sent that it stand adjourned under the previous order, following the remarks of Senator H
ASSAN . The PRESIDING OFFICER. Without objection, it is so ordered. The Senator from New Hampshire. 
f 
OPIOID CRISIS Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, in my home State of New Hampshire and in communities across the Nation, there is no greater public health and safety challenge than the fentanyl, heroin, and opioid crisis. Everywhere I go, I hear stories by people affected by this crisis. I hear in-spiring stories from those in recovery who are tirelessly working to stay healthy and rebuild their lives, and I hear tragic stories from siblings, par-ents, and friends who have experienced the unimaginable pain of losing a loved one. The courage of people willing to share their stories is key to breaking down the stigma of addiction and push-ing for solutions. This month, I saw re-ports that mothers in New Hampshire and in our neighboring State of Massa-chusetts are doing just that. These mothers have all lost their children to overdoses, but through their grief, they are fighting to ensure that other par-ents are spared from what they have endured. They are writing letters to the White House that are set to arrive on Valentine’s Day—all enclosed with photos of the children they have lost. Their message is that more must be done to end this epidemic and that more funding must be allocated to help those struggling. Their initiative is putting faces to this crisis and showing the White House that these lives lost are more than just numbers. One of the mothers said: ‘‘We have broken hearts, so we want the President to see that.’’ We can never thank the families who have lost loved ones enough for speak-ing out and for working tirelessly and courageously to try to prevent others from suffering as they have. We owe it to them to listen to their stories. But more importantly, we owe it to them to take stronger action. I am encouraged by recent work in Congress to provide a significant in-crease in funding to combat this crisis. Over the past months, I have been pushing for more support for treat-ment, recovery, prevention, and law enforcement efforts. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00033 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\A12FE6.024 S12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — SENATES888 February 12, 2018 
The bipartisan agreement that passed last week included billions of dollars in additional resources—an im-portant next step in strengthening our response. This is welcome news for States across the Nation grappling with the challenges of this epidemic, and it will be critical that these new Federal dollars are prioritized for States like New Hampshire that have been the hardest hit. I will continue working to ensure that happens, but even with this additional funding, we know that it will ultimately take a far greater investment to turn the tide of this horrible epidemic. Communities, law enforcement, and those struggling need our continued support and action, and Members of both parties must con-tinue to work together in order to make progress. Thank you. 
f 
TRIBUTE TO CASSANDRA LEVESQUE Ms. HASSAN. Mr. President, I also rise today to announce the next Gran-ite Stater of the Month, a young woman who is well known among peo-ple in the New Hampshire State House and across the Granite State. Cassandra Levesque, an 18-year-old from Barrington, is an advocate at the forefront of an important fight: out-lawing the practice of child marriage in New Hampshire and across the coun-try. Last year, after learning that child brides face a higher likelihood of do-mestic violence and divorce and a lower chance of professional success, Cassandra set out to close the legal loopholes that allow children as young as 13 to wed in New Hampshire. As she took on this fight, she heard stories of women in her community who had been abused by their spouses after being married as minors. Cassandra bravely shared the story of her own grand-mother and great-grandmother, both of whom were married as young teenagers and were subsequently abused by their husbands. With encouragement and support from her Girl Scout community and with the help of a State representative, Cassandra got a bill introduced in the legislature that would have closed the loopholes that would allow childhood marriages to occur. She testified dur-ing a hearing on the bill, closely fol-lowed debate on the bill in the full house of representatives, and spoke out in the media to explain why the legis-lation was so important. While the bill ultimately failed by a close margin, Cassandra has continued to speak out and raise awareness, and just last month, the legislative efforts to end child marriage began anew. Cassandra exemplifies New Hamp-shire’s strong tradition of civic engage-ment, especially by women, and she has inspired other young people to be-come active in their communities too. Cassandra launched a program in li-braries around the State that helps kids learn about issues they are pas-sionate about and gives them the tools they need to become advocates. In New Hampshire, we roll up our sleeves and work together to address injustices and solve problems in our communities, and Cassandra is a per-fect example of that spirit. I am deeply grateful for Cassandra’s hard work, and I will continue to fol-low her efforts closely. I look forward to the day when we can say that thanks to people like Cassandra, child marriage is a thing of the past in New Hampshire. Thank you. I yield the floor. 
f 
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL 10 A.M. TOMORROW The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the previous order, the Senate stands adjourned until 10 a.m. tomorrow. Thereupon, the Senate, at 6:15 p.m., adjourned until Tuesday, February 13, 2018, at 10 a.m. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 00:48 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00034 Fmt 4637 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\G12FE6.028 S12FEPT1
EXTENSIONS OF REMARKS
∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.Matter set in this typeface indicates words inserted or appended, rather than spoken, by a Member of the House on the floor.CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE167 February 12, 2018 
SENATE COMMITTEE MEETINGS Title IV of Senate Resolution 4, agreed to by the Senate of February 4, 1977, calls for establishment of a sys-tem for a computerized schedule of all meetings and hearings of Senate com-mittees, subcommittees, joint commit-tees, and committees of conference. This title requires all such committees to notify the Office of the Senate Daily Digest—designated by the Rules Com-mittee—of the time, place and purpose of the meetings, when scheduled and any cancellations or changes in the meetings as they occur. As an additional procedure along with the computerization of this infor-mation, the Office of the Senate Daily Digest will prepare this information for printing in the Extensions of Remarks section of the C
ONGRESSIONAL RECORD  on Monday and Wednesday of each week. Meetings scheduled for Tuesday, Feb-ruary 13, 2018 may be found in the Daily Digest of today’s R
ECORD . MEETINGS SCHEDULED 
FEBRUARY 14 9:30 a.m. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joseph Simons, of Virginia, Christine S. Wilson, of Virginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Commissioner. SH–216 10 a.m. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 2221, to repeal the multi-State plan program, S. 2296, to increase access to agency guidance documents, S. 2400, to elimi-nate or modify certain audit mandates of the Government Accountability Of-fice, S. 2113, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construction services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and construction services pro-curements, S. 2349, to direct the Direc-tor of the Office of Management and Budget to establish an interagency working group to study Federal efforts to collect data on sexual violence and to make recommendations on the har-monization of such efforts, S. 2413, to provide for the appropriate use of bridge contracts in Federal procure-ment, S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Ef-ficiency to make open recommenda-tions of Inspectors General publicly available, H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide perma-nent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board decisions relating to whistle-blowers, S. 931, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’, S. 2040, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Earhart Post Office Building’’, H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’, H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Missouri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’, H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Office’’, H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Bakersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 2464, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 2672, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fair-view, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’, H.R. 2815, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 30 East Som-erset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’, H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3109, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3369, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 3638, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jackson-ville, Florida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pear-son Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’, H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 4042, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kis-simmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’, and the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Michael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management. SD–342 Committee on the Judiciary To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, William F. Jung, to be United States District Judge for the Middle District of Flor-ida, and Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims. SD–226 10:30 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019. SD–215 2:30 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support To hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces. SR–222 Committee on Finance Business meeting to consider the nomi-nations of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Rep-resentative (Geneva Office), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environ-ment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambas-sador; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the President’s pro-posed budget request for fiscal year 2019. SD–215 Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tion of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the Na-tional Labor Relations Board. SD–430 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M12FE8.000 E12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD —Extensions of RemarksE168 February 12, 2018 
Committee on Indian Affairs Business meeting to consider S. 995, to provide for equitable compensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydro-power by the Grand Coulee Dam, and S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for advancements in public safety services to Indian communities; to be imme-diately followed by an oversight hear-ing to examine Native Americans and the 2020 Census. SD–628 3 p.m. Committee on Armed Services Subcommittee on Personnel To hold hearings to examine military and civilian personnel programs and military family readiness. SR–232A Committee on Energy and Natural Re-sources Subcommittee on National Parks To hold hearings to examine S. 400, to es-tablish the Susquehanna National Her-itage Area in the State of Pennsyl-vania, S. 966, to establish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, S. 1160, to include Liv-ingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Free-port in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1260 and H.R. 2615, bills to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jack-son County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Vet-erans of Foreign Wars, S. 1335, to estab-lish the Ste. Genevieve National His-toric Site in the State of Missouri, S. 1446 and H.R. 1135, bills to reauthorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation pro-gram, S. 1472, to reauthorize the Ten-nessee Civil War Heritage Area, S. 1573, to authorize the Secretary of the Inte-rior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Dis-covery Trail’’, S. 1602, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and fea-sibility of designating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, S. 1645, to authorize the Sec-retary of the Interior to conduct a spe-cial resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1646, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Mary-land, S. 1692, to authorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memorial Foundation to establish a commemora-tive work in the District of Columbia and its environs, S. 1956 and H.R. 2897, bills to authorize the Mayor of the Dis-trict of Columbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Colum-bia, S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 2213 and H.R. 4300, bills to authorize Pacific Historic Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, S. 2225, to reauthorize the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area, S. 2238, to amend the Ohio & Erie Canal Na-tional Heritage Canalway Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation, H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of adminis-trative jurisdiction of certain Federal land, and H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small triangular property located in Washington, DC, and designated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’. SD–366 3:30 p.m. Committee on Small Business and Entre-preneurship To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Is-lands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Administration. SR–428A FEBRUARY 15 9 a.m. Committee on Finance To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019. SD–215 9:30 a.m. Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry To hold hearings to examine the state of the Commodity Futures Trading Com-mission, focusing on pending rules, cryptocurrency regulation, and cross- border agreements. SR–328A Committee on Armed Services To hold hearings to examine United States Northern Command and United States Southern Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program. SD–G50 10 a.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the nomina-tions of Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Secu-rity, Susan A. Thornton, of Maine, to be an Assistant Secretary (East Asian and Pacific Affairs), and Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), all of Department of State. SD–419 Committee on the Judiciary Business meeting to consider S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correc-tional institutions, and the nomina-tions of Michael B. Brennan, of Wis-consin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States Dis-trict Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, and Adam I. Klein, of the District of Co-lumbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Over-sight Board. SD–226 2 p.m. Select Committee on Intelligence Closed business meeting to consider pending calendar business; to be imme-diately followed by a closed briefing re-garding certain intelligence matters. SH–219 FEBRUARY 28 2:30 p.m. Committee on Foreign Relations To hold hearings to examine the Presi-dent’s proposed budget request for fis-cal year 2019 for the Department of State and redesign plans. SD–419 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 01:43 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0626 Sfmt 0634 E:\CR\FM\M12FE8.000 E12FEPT1
D146 Monday, February 12, 2018 
Daily Digest 
Senate 
Chamber Action 
Routine Proceedings, pages S855–S888 Measures Introduced: Two bills and three resolu-tions were introduced, as follows: S. 2415–2416, and S. Res. 401–403.
                                                         Page S875 
Measures Reported: H.R. 535, to encourage visits between the United States and Taiwan at all levels. H.R. 1625, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to include severe forms of trafficking in persons within the definition of transnational organized crime for purposes of the re-wards program of the Department of State, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. Res. 92, expressing concern over the disappear-ance of David Sneddon. S. 2060, to promote democracy and human rights in Burma, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. S. 2286, to amend the Peace Corps Act to provide greater protection and services for Peace Corps vol-unteers, with amendments. Measures Passed: American Heart Month and National Wear Red Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 403, designating Feb-ruary 2018 as ‘‘American Heart Month’’ and Feb-ruary 2, 2018, as ‘‘National Wear Red Day’’. 
                                                                                              Page S887 
Measures Considered: Broader Options for Americans Act—Agree-ment: Senate resumed consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow the pre-mium tax credit with respect to unsubsidized COBRA continuation coverage.
                   Pages S856–68 
During consideration of this measure today, Senate also took the following action: By 97 yeas to 1 nay (Vote No. 32), three-fifths of those Senators duly chosen and sworn, having voted in the affirmative, Senate agreed to the motion to close further debate on the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill.
                                  Pages S867–68 A unanimous-consent agreement was reached pro-viding for further consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of the bill, post-cloture, at approximately 10 a.m., on Tuesday, February 13, 2018; and that all time during recess, adjournment, morning business, and Leader remarks count post- cloture on the motion to proceed.
                      Page S887 
Messages from the President: Senate received the following messages from the President of the United States: Transmitting, pursuant to law, a six-month peri-odic report on the national emergency with respect to Libya that was originally declared in Executive Order 13566 of February 25, 2011, received during adjournment of the Senate on February 9, 2018; which was referred to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs. (PM–26)
             Page S870 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the notification of the President’s designation as emergency require-ments as outlined in the enclosed list of accounts, re-ceived during adjournment of the Senate on February 9, 2017; which was referred to the Committee on the Budget. (PM–27)
                                                Page S870 
Transmitting, pursuant to law, the Budget of the United States Government for Fiscal Year 2019; re-ferred jointly, pursuant to the order of January 30, 1975, as modified by the order of April 11, 1986; which was referred to the Committees on the Budg-et; and Appropriations. (PM–28)
                Pages S870–71 
Transmitting a legislative outline for rebuilding infrastructure in America; which was referred to the Committee on Finance. (PM–29)
                        Page S872 
Messages from the House:                                   Page S872 
Measures Referred:                                                   Page S872 
Enrolled Bills Presented:                                      Page S872 
Executive Communications:                       Pages S872–75 
Additional Cosponsors:                                  Pages S875–76 
Statements on Introduced Bills/Resolutions: Additional Statements:
                                  Pages S869–70 
Authorities for Committees to Meet:           Page S878 
Record Votes: One record vote was taken today. (Total—32)
                                                             Pages S867–68 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00001 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D147 February 12, 2018 
Adjournment: Senate convened at 3 p.m. and ad-journed at 6:15 p.m., until 10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 13, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the re-marks of the Majority Leader in today’s Record on page S887.) 
Committee Meetings 
(Committees not listed did not meet) 
COUNTERING AMERICA’S ADVERSARIES THROUGH SANCTIONS ACT Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee received a closed briefing on the Countering America’s Adver-saries Through Sanctions Act from A. Wess Mitch-ell, Assistant Secretary, Bureau of European and Eur-asian Affairs, and Christopher A. Ford, Assistant Sec-retary, Bureau of International Security and Non-proliferation, both of the Department of State; and Andrea Gacki, Deputy Director, Office of Foreign Assets Control, Department of the Treasury. 
h 
House of Representatives 
Chamber Action 
The House was not in session today. The House is scheduled to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, Feb-ruary 13, 2018. 
Committee Meetings 
No hearings were held. 
Joint Meetings 
No joint committee meetings were held. 
f 
NEW PUBLIC LAWS 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D115) 
H.R. 1892, to amend title 4, United States Code, to provide for the flying of the flag at half-staff in the event of the death of a first responder in the line of duty. Signed on February 9, 2018. (Public Law 115–123) H.R. 1301, making appropriations for the Depart-ment of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2017. Signed on February 9, 2018. (Public Law 115–124) 
f 
COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 2018 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Senate 
Committee on Armed Services: to hold closed hearings to examine the United States Special Operations Command in review of the Defense Authorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 10 a.m., SVC–217. Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense’s role in protecting democratic elections, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. Committee on the Budget: to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 10 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine improving animal health, focus-ing on reauthorization of Food and Drug Administration Animal Drug User Fees, 10 a.m., SD–430. Select Committee on Intelligence: to hold hearings to exam-ine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine worldwide threats, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. House 
Committee on Rules, Full Committee, hearing on H.R. 3978, the ‘‘TRID Improvement Act of 2017’’; H.R. 3299, the ‘‘Protecting Consumers’ Access to Credit Act of 2017’’; and H.R. 620, the ‘‘ADA Education and Re-form Act of 2017’’, 5 p.m., H–313 Capitol. 
f 
CONGRESSIONAL PROGRAM AHEAD Week of February 13 through February 16, 2018 Senate Chamber On Tuesday, Senate will continue consideration of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, Broader Options for Americans Act, post-clo-ture. During the balance of the week, Senate may con-sider any cleared legislative and executive business. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00002 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD148 February 12, 2018 
Senate Committees 
(Committee meetings are open unless otherwise indicated) 
Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry: Feb- ruary 15, to hold hearings to examine the state of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, focusing on pending rules, cryptocurrency regulation, and cross-border agreements, 9:30 a.m., SR–328A. Committee on Armed Services: February 13, to hold closed hearings to examine the United States Special Operations Command in review of the Defense Authorization Re-quest for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 10 a.m., SVC–217. February 13, Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, to hold hearings to examine the Department of Defense’s role in protecting democratic elections, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. February 14, Subcommittee on Readiness and Manage-ment Support, to hold hearings to examine the current readiness of United States forces, 2:30 p.m., SR–222. February 14, Subcommittee on Personnel, to hold hear-ings to examine military and civilian personnel programs and military family readiness, 3 p.m., SR–232A. February 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine United States Northern Command and United States Southern Command in review of the Defense Au-thorization Request for fiscal year 2019 and the Future Years Defense Program, 9:30 a.m., SD–G50. Committee on the Budget: February 13, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 10 a.m., SD–608. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Feb- ruary 14, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joseph Simons, of Virginia, Christine S. Wilson, of Vir-ginia, Noah Joshua Phillips, of Maryland, and Rohit Chopra, of New York, each to be a Federal Trade Com-missioner, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. Committee on Energy and Natural Resources: February 14, Subcommittee on National Parks, to hold hearings to ex-amine S. 400, to establish the Susquehanna National Her-itage Area in the State of Pennsylvania, S. 966, to estab-lish a program to accurately document vehicles that were significant in the history of the United States, S. 1160, to include Livingston County, the city of Jonesboro in Union County, and the city of Freeport in Stephenson County, Illinois, to the Lincoln National Heritage Area, S. 1260 and H.R. 2615, bills to authorize the exchange of certain land located in Gulf Islands National Seashore, Jackson County, Mississippi, between the National Park Service and the Veterans of Foreign Wars, S. 1335, to es-tablish the Ste. Genevieve National Historic Site in the State of Missouri, S. 1446 and H.R. 1135, bills to reau-thorize the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Historic Preservation program, S. 1472, to reauthorize the Tennessee Civil War Heritage Area, S. 1573, to au-thorize the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to place signage on Federal land along the trail known as the ‘‘American Discovery Trail’’, S. 1602, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a study to assess the suitability and feasibility of desig-nating certain land as the Finger Lakes National Heritage Area, S. 1645, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of P.S. 103 in West Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1646, to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to conduct a special resource study of President Station in Baltimore, Maryland, S. 1692, to au-thorize the National Emergency Medical Services Memo-rial Foundation to establish a commemorative work in the District of Columbia and its environs, S. 1956 and H.R. 2897, bills to authorize the Mayor of the District of Co-lumbia and the Director of the National Park Service to enter into cooperative management agreements for the operation, maintenance, and management of units of the National Park System in the District of Columbia, S. 2102, to clarify the boundary of Acadia National Park, S. 2213 and H.R. 4300, bills to authorize Pacific His-toric Parks to establish a commemorative display to honor members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific Theater of World War II, S. 2225, to reau-thorize the Blue Ridge National Heritage Area, S. 2238, to amend the Ohio & Erie Canal National Heritage Canalway Act of 1996 to repeal the funding limitation, H.R. 1397, to authorize, direct, facilitate, and expedite the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of certain Fed-eral land, and H.R. 1500, to redesignate the small tri-angular property located in Washington, DC, and des-ignated by the National Park Service as reservation 302 as ‘‘Robert Emmet Park’’, 3 p.m., SD–366. Committee on Finance: February 14, to hold hearings to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 10:30 a.m., SD–215. February 14, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider the nominations of Dennis Shea, of Virginia, to be a Deputy United States Trade Representative (Geneva Of-fice), with the rank of Ambassador, and C. J. Mahoney, of Kansas, to be a Deputy United States Trade Represent-ative (Investment, Services, Labor, Environment, Africa, China, and the Western Hemisphere), with the rank of Ambassador; to be immediately followed by a hearing to examine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 2:30 p.m., SD–215. February 15, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the President’s proposed budget request for fiscal year 2019, 9 a.m., SD–215. Committee on Foreign Relations: February 15, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Andrea L. Thompson, of South Dakota, to be Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security, Susan A. Thorn-ton, of Maine, to be an Assistant Secretary (East Asian and Pacific Affairs), and Francis R. Fannon, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary (Energy Resources), all of De-partment of State, 10 a.m., SD–419. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Feb- ruary 13, to hold hearings to examine improving animal health, focusing on reauthorization of Food and Drug Ad-ministration Animal Drug User Fees, 10 a.m., SD–430. February 14, Full Committee, to hold hearings to ex-amine the nomination of John F. Ring, of the District of Columbia, to be a Member of the National Labor Rela-tions Board, 2:30 p.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: February 14, business meeting to consider S. 2221, to re-peal the multi-State plan program, S. 2296, to increase 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00003 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D149 February 12, 2018 access to agency guidance documents, S. 2400, to elimi-nate or modify certain audit mandates of the Government Accountability Office, S. 2113, to amend title 41, United States Code, to improve the manner in which Federal contracts for design and construction services are awarded, to prohibit the use of reverse auctions for design and con-struction services procurements, S. 2349, to direct the Director of the Office of Management and Budget to es-tablish an interagency working group to study Federal ef-forts to collect data on sexual violence and to make rec-ommendations on the harmonization of such efforts, S. 2413, to provide for the appropriate use of bridge con-tracts in Federal procurement, S. 2178, to require the Council of Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency to make open recommendations of Inspectors General publicly available, H.R. 2229, to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide permanent authority for judicial review of certain Merit Systems Protection Board deci-sions relating to whistleblowers, S. 931, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4910 Brighton Boulevard in Denver, Colorado, as the ‘‘George Sakato Post Office’’, S. 2040, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 621 Kansas Avenue in Atchison, Kansas, as the ‘‘Amelia Ear-hart Post Office Building’’, H.R. 294, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2700 Cullen Boulevard in Pearland, Texas, as the ‘‘Endy Nddiobong Ekpanya Post Office Building’’, H.R. 452, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 324 West Saint Louis Street in Pacific, Mis-souri, as the ‘‘Specialist Jeffrey L. White, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 1207, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 306 River Street in Tilden, Texas, as the ‘‘Tilden Veterans Post Office’’, H.R. 1208, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Serv-ice located at 9155 Schaefer Road, Converse, Texas, as the ‘‘Converse Veterans Post Office Building’’, H.R. 1858, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4514 Williamson Trail in Liberty, Pennsyl-vania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Ryan Scott Ostrom Post Of-fice’’, H.R. 1988, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1730 18th Street in Ba-kersfield, California, as the ‘‘Merle Haggard Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2254, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2635 Napa Street in Vallejo, California, as the ‘‘Janet Capello Post Office Building’’, H.R. 2302, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 259 Nassau Street, Suite 2 in Princeton, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. John F. Nash, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 2464, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 25 New Chardon Street Lobby in Boston, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘John Fitzgerald Kennedy Post Office’’, H.R. 2672, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 520 Carter Street in Fairview, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Douglas J. Riney Post Office’’, H.R. 2815, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 30 East Somerset Street in Raritan, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Gunnery Sergeant John Basilone Post Office’’, H.R. 2873, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 207 Glenside Avenue in Wyncote, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Peter Taub Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3109, to designate the facil-ity of the United States Postal Service located at 1114 North 2nd Street in Chillicothe, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sr. Chief Ryan Owens Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3369, to des-ignate the facility of the United States Postal Service lo-cated at 225 North Main Street in Spring Lake, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Howard B. Pate, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 3638, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1100 Kings Road in Jacksonville, Flor-ida, as the ‘‘Rutledge Pearson Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3655, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1300 Main Street in Belmar, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Dr. Walter S. McAfee Post Office Building’’, H.R. 3821, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 430 Main Street in Clermont, Georgia, as the ‘‘Zach T. Addington Post Office’’, H.R. 3893, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 100 Mathe Avenue in Interlachen, Florida, as the ‘‘Robert H. Jenkins, Jr. Post Office’’, H.R. 4042, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1415 West Oak Street, in Kissimmee, Florida, as the ‘‘Borinqueneers Post Office Building’’, H.R. 4285, to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 123 Bridgeton Pike in Mullica Hill, New Jersey, as the ‘‘James C. ‘Billy’ Johnson Post Office Building’’, and the nominations of Jeff Tien Han Pon, of Virginia, to be Director, and Mi-chael Rigas, of Massachusetts, to be Deputy Director, both of the Office of Personnel Management, 10 a.m., SD–342. Committee on Indian Affairs: February 14, business meet-ing to consider S. 995, to provide for equitable com-pensation to the Spokane Tribe of Indians of the Spokane Reservation for the use of tribal land for the production of hydropower by the Grand Coulee Dam, and S. 1953, to amend the Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010 and the Indian Law Enforcement Reform Act to provide for ad-vancements in public safety services to Indian commu-nities; to be immediately followed by an oversight hear-ing to examine Native Americans and the 2020 Census, 2:30 p.m., SD–628. Committee on the Judiciary: February 14, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Joel M. Carson III, of New Mexico, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Tenth Circuit, Colm F. Connolly, and Maryellen Noreika, both to be a United States District Judge for the District of Delaware, William F. Jung, to be United States Dis-trict Judge for the Middle District of Florida, and Ryan T. Holte, of Ohio, to be a Judge of the United States Court of Federal Claims, 10 a.m., SD–226. February 15, Full Committee, business meeting to con-sider S. 1917, to reform sentencing laws and correctional institutions, and the nominations of Michael B. Brennan, of Wisconsin, to be United States Circuit Judge for the Seventh Circuit, Susan Paradise Baxter, and Marilyn Jean Horan, both to be a United States District Judge for the Western District of Pennsylvania, Daniel Desmond Domenico, to be United States District Judge for the District of Colorado, and Adam I. Klein, of the District 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00004 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGESTD150 February 12, 2018 of Columbia, to be Chairman and Member of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, 10 a.m., SD–226. Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship: Feb- ruary 14, to hold hearings to examine the nominations of David Christian Tryon, of Ohio, to be Chief Counsel for Advocacy, and Hannibal Ware, of the Virgin Islands, to be Inspector General, both of the Small Business Admin-istration, 3:30 p.m., SR–428A. Select Committee on Intelligence: February 13, to hold hearings to examine worldwide threats, 9:30 a.m., SH–216. February 13, Full Committee, to hold closed hearings to examine worldwide threats, 2:30 p.m., SH–219. February 15, Full Committee, closed business meeting to consider pending calendar business; to be immediately followed by a closed briefing regarding certain intel-ligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
House Committees 
Committee on Armed Services, February 14, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Military and Security Chal-lenges and Posture in the Indo-Pacific Region’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 14, Subcommittee on Readiness, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Air Force Readiness Posture’’, 3:30 p.m., 2212 Ray-burn. February 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Stra-tegic Competition with China’’, 10 a.m., 2118 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities, hearing entitled ‘‘Evolution, Transformation, and Sustainment: A Review and Assessment of the Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request for U.S. Special Operations Forces and Command’’, 2 p.m., 2212 Rayburn. Committee on the Budget, February 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budg-et’’, 10 a.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Education and the Workforce, February 14, Subcommittee on Early Childhood, Elementary, and Sec-ondary Education, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Gov-ernment’s Management of Native American Schools’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions; and Subcommittee On Workforce Protections, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Opioids Epi-demic: Implications for America’s Workplaces’’, 10 a.m., 2175 Rayburn. Committee on Energy and Commerce, February 14, Sub-committee on Digital Commerce and Consumer Protec-tion, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the National High-way Traffic Safety Administration’’, 10 a.m. in 2123 Ray-burn. February 14, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Impact of Health Care Consolidation’’, 10:15 a.m., 2322 Rayburn. February 14, Subcommittee on Environment, hearing entitled ‘‘New Source Review Permitting Challenges for Manufacturing and Infrastructure’’, 2 p.m., 2322 Ray-burn. February 15, Subcommittee on Health, hearing enti-tled ‘‘Oversight of the Department of Health and Human Services’’, 12:30 p.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Financial Services, February 14, Sub-committee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Cred-it, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Current Data Security and Breach Notification Regulatory Regime’’, 10 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. February 14, Subcommittee on Capital Markets, Secu-rities, and Investment, hearing entitled ‘‘Legislative Pro-posals Regarding Derivatives’’, 2 p.m., 2128 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit, hearing entitled ‘‘Examining De- risking and its Effect on Access to Financial Services’’, 9:30 a.m., 2128 Rayburn. Committee on Foreign Affairs, February 14, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘Modernizing Food Aid: Improv-ing Effectiveness and Saving Lives’’, 10 a.m., 2172 Ray-burn. February 14, Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa, hearing entitled ‘‘Israel, the Palestinians, and the Administration’s Peace Plan’’, 2 p.m., 2172 Ray-burn. February 14, Subcommittee on the Western Hemi-sphere, hearing entitled ‘‘Advancing U.S. Interests Through the Organization of American States’’, 2 p.m., 2200 Rayburn. Committee on Homeland Security, February 15, Sub-committee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, hearing entitled ‘‘Industry Views of the Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Program’’, 10 a.m., HVC–210. Committee on the Judiciary, February 15, Subcommittee on Immigration and Border Security, hearing entitled ‘‘The Effect of Sanctuary City Policies on the Ability to Combat the Opioid Epidemic’’, 9 a.m., 2141 Rayburn. Committee on Natural Resources, February 14, Full Com-mittee, markup on H.R. 835, to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument; H.R. 4134, the ‘‘Cecil D. Andrus-White Clouds Wilderness Redesignation Act’’; and H.R. 4895, the ‘‘Medgar Evers National Monument Act’’, 10:15 a.m., 1324 Longworth. February 14, Subcommittee on Water, Power and Oceans, hearing entitled ‘‘The State of the Nation’s Water and Power Infrastructure’’, 2 p.m., Room 1324 Longworth. February 15, Subcommittee on Oversight and Inves-tigations, hearing entitled ‘‘The Costs of Denying Border Patrol Access: Our Environment and Security’’, 10 a.m., 1324 Longworth. February 15, Subcommittee on Energy and Mineral Resources, hearing on H.R. 520, the ‘‘National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act’’, 2 p.m., 1324 Longworth. February 15, Subcommittee on Federal Lands, hearing on H.R. 2591, the ‘‘Modernizing the Pittman-Robertson Fund for Tomorrow’s Needs Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4429, the ‘‘Cormorant Control Act’’; H.R. 4609, the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’; H.R. 4647, the ‘‘Recov-ering America’s Wildlife Act’’; and H.R. 4851, the ‘‘Kennedy-King Establishment Act of 2018’’, 2:30 p.m., 1334 Longworth. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, February 14, Subcommittee on Information Technology, hearing 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00005 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST D151 February 12, 2018 entitled ‘‘Game Changers: Artificial Intelligence Part I’’, 2 p.m., 2154 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Government Oper-ations, hearing entitled ‘‘General Services Administra-tion—Checking in with the Government’s Acquisition and Property Manager’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, February 14, Subcommittee on Oversight; and Subcommittee on Re-search and Technology, joint hearing entitled ‘‘Beyond Bitcoin: Emerging Applications for Blockchain Tech-nology’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Research and Tech-nology, hearing entitled ‘‘Mentoring, Training, and Ap-prenticeships for STEM Education and Careers’’, 10 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. Committee on Small Business, February 14, Full Com-mittee, markup on the Committee’s budget views and es-timates for fiscal year 2019, 10:45 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. February 14, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘Job Creation, Competition, and Small Business’ Role in the United States Economy’’, 11 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Agriculture, Energy, and Trade, hearing entitled ‘‘Restoring Rural America: How Agritech is Revitalizing the Heartland’’, 9:30 a.m., 2360 Rayburn. Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, February 14, Full Committee, markup on fiscal year 2019 budget views and estimates; H.R. 4921, the ‘‘STB Information Security Improvement Act’’; and H.R. 4925, the ‘‘FRA Safety Data Improvement Act’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. February 15, Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials, hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of Positive Train Control Implementation in the United States’’, 10 a.m., 2167 Rayburn. Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, February 15, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019’’, 10:30 a.m., 334 Cannon. Committee on Ways and Means, February 14, Full Com-mittee, hearing entitled ‘‘The Department of Health and Human Services’ Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Request’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. February 15, Full Committee, hearing entitled ‘‘The President’s Fiscal Year 2019 Budget Proposals’’, 10 a.m., 1100 Longworth. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00006 Fmt 0627 Sfmt 0627 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1
CONGRESSIONAL RECORD — DAILY DIGEST
Congressional RecordThe Congressional Record (USPS 087–390). The Periodicals postageis paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances whentwo or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.govinfo.gov, free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (toll-free). E-Mail, contactcenter@gpo.gov. ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S. Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (toll-free), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from the Congressional Record.POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record, U.S. Government Publishing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD152 February 12, 2018 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 10 a.m., Tuesday, February 13 
Senate Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: Senate will continue consider-ation of the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 2579, Broader Options for Americans Act, post-cloture. (Senate will recess from 12:30 p.m. until 2:15 p.m. for their respective party conferences.) Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, February 13 
House Chamber 
Program for Tuesday: To be announced. 
VerDate Sep 11 2014 02:11 Feb 13, 2018 Jkt 079060 PO 00000 Frm 00007 Fmt 0664 Sfmt 0664 E:\CR\FM\D12FE8.REC D12FEPT1