as I am tempted to tell stories about my brother this morning, I will digress. It is my honor this morning to welcome as our guest chaplain my brother, Pastor Terry Ribble. 
It is no surprise to me to find Terry 
in the fulltime ministry. For as long as I can remember, he possessed the heart of a pastor. Terry left home at the age of 18 to go into foreign missions. Years later, he returned to the United States with his wife, Madeline, and has spent his entire life in full time pastoral service. No one who knows my family is taken aback by his chosen work. Today, Terry is the senior pastor at Grace Bible Church in Dunmore, Pennsylvania. He possesses the acumen, compassion, and intellect uniquely suited for this purpose. The work that churches like his do in 
our communities changes and affects the lives of thousands of Americans as they reach out to the less fortunate, the sick, and the hungry, improving the lives of whom they touch. They enrich our communities. 
things. I am proud of him and of his work, and I thank him for his service today. 
am so thrilled we are beginning our day talking about doing good things for other people. Today, I rise to recognize and to pay tribute to the General Federation of Women’s Clubs. 
Federation Day, and it is the 125th anniversary of the Women’s Club Federation. This organization has such an interesting beginning. 
denied attendance at a dinner in New York to honor Charles Dickens, and she was denied because of her gender. So she got busy with that, and she organized a women’s club convention. On April 24, 1890, 63 clubs from around the country came together to form the Federation to focus on helping our communities. They have over 90,000 
100,000 different community service projects with 4.5 million volunteer hours. 
June for their convention. We look forward to welcoming them and to celebrating doing good for other people. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise to commend the Senate’s action yesterday on the passage of the Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act, and I urge the House leadership to bring this legislation up for final passage. 
The measures included in this trafficking package will provide survivors of human trafficking the desperately needed resources and services to recover and rebuild their lives and to put traffickers and buyers behind bars. 
also includes three pieces of legislation I am proud to be leading in the House, including the HERO Act, which trains wounded military veterans to aid law enforcement in investigating child exploitation; the Rape Survivor Child Custody Act, which encourages States to allow a woman to terminate the parental rights of a rapist; and my friend Representative RENEE ELLMERS ’ bill, 
which I am proud to colead, to train health care providers in identifying and assisting victims of trafficking. 
and trafficking have waited long enough. They need health, housing, and legal services now. They need legal and civil protections now. I urge the House to bring the Senate’s Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act up for a vote without delay. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor and remember two great civil servants from the great State of Georgia who passed away this week: Pete Wheeler, commissioner of the Georgia Department of Veterans Service, and former State representative and transportation board member Jay Shaw. 
Mr. Wheeler served in the Army infantry and in the Georgia Army National Guard, retiring as a brigadier general and receiving several awards for his service, including the Veterans of Foreign Wars Silver and Gold Medals of Merit. He was a longtime attorney who used his past military service to advocate on behalf of veterans in Georgia. Mr. Wheeler served as VA commissioner for 61 years. If you couldn’t get it done any other way, you just called 
mayor of Lakeland for 10 years. He also served in the Georgia House of Representatives, supporting improvements to the transportation system in Georgia. Mr. Shaw was an active member of the Georgia State Transportation Board and served as its chairman in the past. 
our great State, and I offer my condolences to their families and friends, and I would like to thank them for their service. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this morning, we will be addressing the issue of cybersecurity, one of the responsibilities of the Homeland Security Department and of the Homeland Security Committee. 
In a briefing, many of us had the opportunity to hear a number of challenging and difficult representations regarding the gyrocopter. Let me simply say that the responsibility of this Nation and of this government is to protect its citizens, and I am appalled at what seems to be the inability or the inaction of certain agencies. 
House to say that it is intolerable and unacceptable when tourists and Americans come to their capital. I want them to expect the highest grade of security for their families, for their peace of mind. The Commander in Chief resides in Washington, D.C. That Commander in Chief has the right to have the highest degree of security. 
immediately demand a response from the appropriate agencies so that nothing of this kind happens ever again. 
today to recognize and to congratulate the students from Highlands High School in Fort Thomas, Kentucky. 
district recently won the We the People Statelevel competition and will represent the State of Kentucky in the national competition this weekend in Washington, D.C. 
project of the Center for Civic Education. It works to further students’ knowledge of constitutional history and government, and it gives students a foundation in civics education that will prepare them to be effective future leaders. The program sponsors student debates and discussions of issues, such 
as the similarities between the United States Congress and the British Parliament, the differences between the Constitution and the Articles of Confederation, and the merits of the anti Federalist arguments versus those of the Federalists. 
work and dedication. I wish them all the best in their competition this weekend and in all of their future endeavors. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
before you today, it is with a heavy heart that I think back to the events and to the atrocities that began 100 years ago. 
around the world to mark the centennial of the Armenian genocide. Today, I stand to remember the 1.5 million Armenians who perished from 1915 to 1923. 
Armenian genocide has left an indelible mark on all of us. Unfortunately, Turkey, the successor to the Ottoman Empire, has never accepted responsibility for these atrocities. Instead, Turkey continues to hide behind the bullying tactics that conceal violations of human rights. 
that stands for freedom and justice for all, we must recognize the events that occurred and work to change the policies that ignore the actions of the Ottoman Empire against the people of Armenia. The continued campaign of denial sets a dangerous precedent that makes future atrocities and genocides more likely. As the greatest force for human dignity in the world, the United States is long overdue to stand with the Armenian people. We cannot continue to play politics with something that is this important. 
that the administration will not follow in the footsteps of many world leaders, most recently those of Germany, Austria, and the Vatican, who have recognized this genocide on its 100th anniversary. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, during a time when our digital world is so insecure, new policies are needed to help defend against cyber attacks. The attacks against Sony Pictures, Target, and Anthem are just a few of the most recent examples. 
than $100 billion in the United States and, roughly, half a trillion dollars globally. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress needs to resolve these problems by working together to improve our Nation’s cyber defenses rather than having President Obama try to solve the problem one executive order at a time, and that is exactly what the House is doing this week. Determined to protect the American people from future cyber attacks, last night, the House passed one bipartisan bill—and it will vote on another today—which seeks to balance security while protecting privacy. 
the White House has indicated it is willing to work with Congress on this issue, signaling that we may finally put the policies in place that are necessary to protect our digital world in the 21st century. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill, H.R. 1731. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 212 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1731. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multidirectional sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, with Mr. WOODALL in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
MCCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMPSON ) each will control 30 minutes. 
myself such time as I may consume. I am pleased to bring to the floor 
H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, a proprivacy, prosecurity bill that we desperately need to safeguard our digital networks. 
I would like to commend the subcommittee chairman, Mr. RATCLIFFE , 
for his work on this bill as well as our minority counterparts, including Ranking Member THOMPSON and subcommittee Ranking Member R ICHMOND  
for their joint work on this bill. This has been a noteworthy, bipartisan effort. I would also like to thank House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence Chairman DEVIN NUNES and 
their input and collaboration. Lastly, I would like to thank Committee on the Judiciary Chairman GOODLATTE and 
Make no mistake, we are in the middle of a silent crisis. At this very moment, our Nation’s businesses are being robbed, and sensitive government information is being stolen. We are under siege by a faceless enemy whose tracks are covered in cyberspace. 
like Anthem, Target, Neiman Marcus, Home Depot, and JPMorgan have compromised the personal information of millions of private citizens. Nation states like Iran and North Korea have launched digital bombs to get revenge at U.S.based companies, while others like China are stealing intellectual property. We recently witnessed brazen cyber assaults against the White House and the State Department, which put sensitive government information at risk. 
have been developing the tools to shut down everything from power grids to water systems so they can cripple our economy and weaken our ability to defend the United States. 
tide against our enemies and ramp up our defenses by allowing for greater cyber threat information sharing. This bill will strengthen the Department of Homeland Security’s National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, or NCCIC. The NCCIC is a primary civilian interface for exchanging cyber threat information, and for good reason. It is not a cyber regulator. It is not looking to prosecute anyone, and it is not military or a spy agency. Its sole purpose, Mr. Chairman, is to prevent and respond to cyber attacks against our public and private networks while aggressively protecting Americans’ privacy. 
Right now we are in a pre9/11 moment in cyberspace. In the same way legal barriers and turf wars kept us from connecting the dots before 9/11, the lack of cyber threat information sharing makes us vulnerable to an attack. Companies are afraid to share because they do not feel they have the adequate legal protection to do so. H.R. 1731 removes those legal barriers 
and creates a safe harbor, which will encourage companies to voluntarily exchange information about attacks against their networks. This will allow both the government and private sector to spot digital attacks earlier and keep malicious actors outside of our networks and away from information that Americans expect to be defended. 
liberties first. It requires that personal information of our citizens be protected before it changes hands—whether it is provided to the government or exchanged between companies—so private citizens do not have their sensitive data exposed. 
Significantly, both industry and privacy groups have announced their support for this legislation because they recognize that we need to work together urgently to combat the cyber threat to this country. 
Today, we have a dangerously incomplete picture of the online war being waged against us, and it is costing Americans their time, money, and jobs. It is time for us to safeguard our digital frontier. This legislation is a necessary and vital step to do exactly that. 
balance of my time, I would like to enter into the RECORD an exchange of 
letters between the chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, Mr. GOODLATTE , and myself, recognizing the jurisdictional interest of the Committee on the Judiciary in H.R. 1731. 
respect to H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015.’’ As a result of your having consulted with us on provisions in H.R. 1731 that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, I agree to waive consideration of this bill so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor for consideration. 
with our mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1731 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation, and that our Committee will be appropriately consulted and involved as the bill or similar legislation moves forward so that we may address any remaining issues in our jurisdiction. Our Committee also reserves the right to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees to any HouseSenate conference involving this or similar legislation, and asks that you support any such request. 
confirming this understanding, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 1731. 
your letter regarding H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015.’’ I appreciate your support in bringing this legislation before the House of Representatives, and accordingly, understand that the Committee on Judiciary will not seek a sequential referral on the bill. 
The Committee on Homeland Security concurs with the mutual understanding that by foregoing a sequential referral of this bill at this time, the Judiciary does not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this bill or similar legislation in the future. In addition, should a conference on this bill be necessary, I would support your request to have the Committee on Judiciary represented on the conference committee. 
I will insert copies of this exchange in the 
Congressional Record during consideration of this bill on the House floor. I thank you for your cooperation in this matter. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015. 
Mr. Chairman, every day U.S. networks face hundreds of millions of cyber hacking attempts and attacks. Many of these attacks target large corporations and negatively impact consumers. They are launched by common hackers as well as nationstates. As the Sony attack last year demonstrated, they have a great potential for harm and put our economy and homeland security at risk. 
Last week, it was reported that attacks against SCADA industrial control systems rose 100 percent between 2013 and 2014. Given that SCADA systems are essential to running our power plants, factories, and refineries, this is a very troubling trend. 
advanced persistent threat that has targeted highprofile individuals at the White House and State Department since last year. According to an industry expert, this cyber threat—nicknamed CozyDuke—includes malware, informationstealing programs, and antivirus back doors that bear the hallmarks of Russian cyber espionage tools. 
cyber criminals are constantly innovating. Their success is dependent on their victims not being vigilant and protecting their systems. Cyber terrorists and cyber criminals exploit bad practices, like opening attachments and clicking links from unknown senders. That is why I am pleased that H.R. 1731 includes a provision authored by Representative WATSON COLEMAN to 
authorize a national cyber public awareness campaign to promote greater cyber hygiene. 
Another key element of cybersecurity is, of course, information sharing about cyber threats. We have seen that when companies come forward and share their knowledge about imminent cyber threats, timely actions can be taken to prevent damage to vital IT networks. Thus, cybersecurity is one of those places where the old adage ‘‘knowledge is power’’ applies. 
authorizes private companies to voluntarily share timely cyber threat information and malware with DHS or other impacted companies. Under H.R. 1731, companies may voluntarily choose to share threat information to prevent future attacks to other systems. 
I am also pleased that the bill authorizes companies to monitor their own IT networks to identify penetrations and take steps to protect their networks from cyber threats. H.R. 1731 builds on bipartisan legislation enacted last year that authorized the Department of Homeland Security’s National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, commonly referred to as NCCIC. 
by the committee last week and represents months of outreach to a diverse array of stakeholders from the private sector and the privacy community. Importantly, H.R. 1731 requires participating companies to make reasonable efforts prior to sharing to scrub the data to remove information that could identify a person when that person is not believed to be related to the threat. 
the data it receives and add an additional layer of privacy protection. Additionally, it requires the NCCIC to have strong procedures for protecting privacy, and calls for robust oversight by the Department’s chief privacy officer, its chief civil rights and civil liberties officer, and inspector general, and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board. 
I am a cosponsor of H.R. 1731, but as 
the White House observed earlier this week, improvements are needed to ensure that its liability protections are appropriately targeted. In its current form, it would potentially protect companies that are negligent in how they carry out authorized activities under the act. 
balance of my time, I wish to engage in a colloquy with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) regarding the liability protection provisions of H.R. 1731. 
my appreciation for the gentleman’s willingness to work with me and the other Democrats on the committee to develop this bipartisan legislation. We have a shared goal of bolstering cybersecurity and improving the quality of information that the private sector receives about timely cyber threats so 
that they can act to protect their networks and the valuable data stored on them. 
liability protection provision appears to undermine this shared goal insofar as it includes language that on its face incentivizes companies to do nothing about actionable cyber information. Specifically, I am speaking of the language on page 36, line 18, that extends liability protections to a company that fails to act on timely threat information provided by DHS or another impacted company. 
Texas to work with me to clarify the language as it moves through the legislative process to underscore that it is not Congress’ intent to promote inaction by companies who have timely threat information. 
gentleman from Mississippi for his question and would say that I do not completely share your view of that clause. I assure you that incentivizing companies to do nothing with timely threat information is certainly not the intent of this provision, as the author of this bill. 
On the contrary, I believe it is important that we provide companies with legal safe harbors to encourage sharing of cyber threat information and also believe that every company that participates in this informationsharing process, especially small and medium sized businesses, cannot be required to act upon every piece of cyber threat information they receive. 
to clarify that point with you, Mr. THOMPSON . I commit to working with 
you as this bill moves forward to look for ways to refine the language to ensure that it is consistent with our shared policy goal of getting timely information into the hands of businesses so that they can protect their networks and their data. 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ), the chairman 
of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, my close ally and colleague on this legislation. 
opportunity to work with Chairman MCCAUL in crafting the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act. I would also like to thank Ranking Members RICHMOND and T HOMPSON  
for their hard work on this issue; and a special thank you to the Homeland Security staff, who worked incredibly 
Mr. Chairman, for years now, the private sector has been on the front lines in trying to guard against potentially devastating cyber attacks. 
Just 2 months ago, one of the Nation’s largest health insurance providers, Anthem, suffered a devastating cyber attack that compromised the personal information and health records of more than 80 million Americans. 
home for many of those Americans just a week ago, on tax day, when thousands of them tried to file their tax returns, only to see them be rejected because cyber criminals had used their information to file false tax returns. 
serve as a wakeup call to all Americans and provide clear evidence that our cyber adversaries have the upper hand. The consequences will get even worse if we fail to tackle this issue head on because even greater and more frightening threats exist, ones that extend to the critical infrastructure that support our very way of life. 
against the networks which control our bridges, our dams, our power grids, rails, and even our water supply. Attacks on this critical infrastructure have the potential to produce sustained blackouts, halt air traffic, shut off fuel supplies, or, even worse, contaminate the air, food, and water that we need to survive. 
economic crisis and physical chaos that are, unfortunately, all too real and all too possible right now. 
Mr. Chairman, 85 percent of our Nation’s critical infrastructure is controlled by the private sector, not by the government, a fact which underscores the reality that America’s security, when it comes to defending against cyber attacks, largely depends on the security of our private networks. 
private sector can’t defend their networks or our critical infrastructure against these threats. 
rapid sharing of important cyber threat information to minimize or, in some cases, prevent the cyber attacks from being successful. 
Through the Department of Homeland Security’s National Cybersecurity Communication and Integration Center, or NCCIC, this bill will facilitate the sharing of cyber threat indicators between the private sector entities and between the private sector and the Federal Government. 
With carefully crafted liability protections, private entities would finally be able to share cyber threat indicators with their private sector counterparts through the NCCIC without fear of liability. 
The sharing of these cyber threat indicators, or, more specifically, the tools, techniques, and tactics used by 
cyber intruders, will arm those who protect our networks with the valuable information they need to fortify our defenses against future cyber attacks. 
proposals didn’t go far enough in safeguarding personal privacy, this bill addresses those concerns with robust privacy measures that ensure the protection of Americans’ personal information and private data. 
for sharing that is done voluntarily with the Department of Homeland Security’s NCCIC, which is a civilian entity. It does not provide for or allow sharing with the NSA or the Department of Defense. In fact, this bill expressly prohibits information from being used for surveillance purposes. 
This bill also limits the type of information that can be shared, and it requires the removal of all personally identifiable information, which is scrubbed out before the cyber threat indicators can be shared. 
In short, this bill improves and increases protection for the personal privacy of Americans, which currently remains so vulnerable to malicious attacks from our cyber adversaries. 
working when it comes to defending against cyber threats. The need to better secure Americans’ personal information and better protect and safeguard our critical infrastructure is precisely what compels congressional action right now. 
vital legislation, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support it as well. I thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership. 
Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). 
be back on the floor today to support the House’s second major piece of cybersecurity legislation in less than 24 hours. 
been a long time coming, for sure. Cybersecurity has been a passion of mine for nearly a decade, and I am absolutely thrilled that, after years of hard work, the House, the Senate, and the President finally are beginning to see eyetoeye. 
The National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act has at its core three basic authorizations. First, it authorizes private entities and the DHS’s NCCIC to share, for cybersecurity purposes only, cyber threat indicators that have been stripped of personal information and details. Second, it allows businesses to monitor their networks in search of cybersecurity risks. And third, it authorizes companies to deploy limited defensive measures to 
describe the informationsharing regime we so desperately need. Under the act, companies would collect information on threats, share it with their peers and with a civilian portal, and then use the indicators they have received to defend themselves. 
Data are scrubbed of personal identifiable information before they are shared and after they are received by the NCCIC. Companies are offered limited liability protections for sharing information they gather in accordance with this bill. 
deployment of rapid automated sharing protocols—something DHS has been hard at work on with the STIX/TAXII program—and it expands last year’s NCCIC authorization. 
liability protections contained in this bill may prove overly broad, and I certainly hope that we can address that point as the legislative process continues, particularly, hopefully, when we get to a conference committee on this issue. 
Member R ICHMOND , as well as the other 
members of the committee and especially committee staff, for a job well done. 
Chairman, is not a silver bullet by any means, but it will substantially improve our Nation’s cyber defenses and get us to a place where our Nation is much more secure in cyberspace than where we are today. 
course, is among our chief concerns. That will allow for the type of information sharing that will get us to a much more secure place. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I hope that the Senate will quickly follow 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER), the vice chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. 
Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the distinguished chairman for yielding the time. 
that have been made thus far that we have a very bipartisan bill and a bipartisan approach. That is, through our committee, in no short measure because of the leadership that Chairman MCCAUL and, quite frankly, our ranking member have exhibited with the vision that they have had, these two gentlemen working together, and both the chair and the ranking member on our Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Mr. RATCLIFFE and Mr. R ICHMOND as well. 
This really has been a tremendous effort, and so important for our country. This particular issue, obviously, is certainly a bipartisan issue. 
our Constitution makes the first and foremost responsibility of the Federal Government to provide for the common defense. That is actually in the preamble of our Constitution. 
seeking harm to our Nation, to our citizens, to our companies, can use many different means, including attacks over the Internet to attack our Nation. 
Recent cyber attacks on U.S. companies like Sony, Target, and Home Depot not only harm these companies, Mr. Chairman, but they harm the American citizens who do business with them, putting their most personal private information at risk. 
coming from nationstates like North Korea, Russia, Iran, China, as well as cyber criminals seeking to steal not only personal information but also intellectual property and sensitive government information. 
duty to defend ourselves against cyber espionage, and the best way to combat these threats is to first recognize the threat and combine private and government resources and intelligence. Mr. Chairman, that is exactly what this bill does. 
help to facilitate greater cooperation and efforts to protect our Nation’s digital infrastructure, including power grids and other utilities and other services that everyday Americans rely on each and every day. 
allow private companies to voluntarily share their cybersecurity threat information with the Department of Homeland Security and/or other companies, I think we will in a very large way improve earlier detection and mitigation of potential threats. 
are debating on the floor today ensures that personal identification information is removed prior to sharing information related to cyber threats and that very strong safeguards are in place to protect personal privacy and civil liberties. 
Mr. Chairman, I point that out because that was something that was discussed a lot by practically every member of the Homeland Security Committee. We were all very, very united on that issue. And I think that is an important critical component, a point to make, and it is reflected in this legislation. 
earlier, 85 percent of America’s critical infrastructure is owned and operated by the private sector—think about that, 85 percent—which means that cyber threats pose as much of an economic threat to the United States as they do to our security, and we have a constitutional responsibility, as I 
pointed out in the beginning, to protect ourselves, to protect our Nation, to protect our American citizens from this everevolving threat. 
all of my colleagues join me, join all of us on our committee, in voting in favor of this important legislation that will provide an additional line, and a very important line, of defense against cyber attacks. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 178. An act to provide justice for the victims of trafficking. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
friend from Mississippi (Mr. T HOMP SON), and I commend him and the distinguished chairman of the committee, Mr. MCCAUL, for their wonderful work 
America cannot wait for a cyber Pearl Harbor. This issue—cybersecurity— may be the most complex and difficult challenge we confront long term as a nation. 
In the wired 21st century, the line between our physical world and cyberspace continues to blur with every aspect of our lives, from social interaction to commerce. Yet the remarkable gains that have accompanied an increasingly digital and connected society also have opened up new, unprecedented vulnerabilities that threaten to undermine this progress and cause great harm to our country’s national security, critical infrastructure, and economy. 
modernize our cyber laws to address those vulnerabilities present in both public and private networks. The bills before us this week are a step in the right direction, and I am glad to support them, but they are a first step. 
inoculate or even defend us from cyber attacks. Indeed, in the critical three P’s of enhancing cybersecurity—people, policies, and practices—the measures before us make improvements primarily to policy. I commend the two committees for 
working in a bipartisan fashion to improve privacy and transparency protections. More is still needed to safeguard the civil liberties of our constituents. 
Further, I hope that the broad liability protections provided by these bills will, in fact, be narrowed upon further consultation with the Senate. Cybersecurity must be a shared publicprivate responsibility, and that includes the expectation and requirement that our partners will, in fact, take reasonable actions. 
build on this effort to address the security of critical infrastructure, the vast majority of which, as has been already pointed out, is owned and operated by the private sector. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
strengthen our Nation’s cyber workforce, devise effective data breach notification policies, and bring about a wholesale cultural revolution so that society fully understands the critical importance of good cyber hygiene. 
The bottom line is that our vulnerability in cyberspace demands that we take decisive action and take it now, but much like the tactics used in effective cybersecurity, we must recognize that enhancing our cyber defenses is an iterative process that requires continuous effort. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ), a member of the 
over the past 40 years, we have experienced advancements in information technology that literally have transformed business, education, government; it has even transformed our culture. 
couple of decades ago would take days, months, maybe even years to accomplish is available, quite literally, at our fingertips and instantaneously. 
been shaped by this immediate access to information. Shopping, you can go shopping without ever going to a store. You can conduct financial transactions without ever going to a bank. You can even have access to entertainment without ever going to a theater. 
have not only transformed the way we access and store information, but it has also transformed the way we communicate. 
voice communication only available through a phone call, but people around the world instantly connect with one another with a variety of methods, from email, instant text messaging, even video conferencing, and 
this can be all down while you are on 
the move. You don’t even have to be chained to a desk or in your business office. 
has been affected by the advancements in information technology, and, for the most part, our lives have been improved by these advancements. 
years’ experience in both the military and private sector, I know firsthand the benefits of this instant access to endless amounts of information, but, on the other hand, I know all too well the vulnerabilities of these systems. 
businesses and governments to automate their operations and ensure they can access their networks anytime and from anywhere. 
However, this global access to information requires a global interconnection of these systems. At almost any time during the day, Americans are connected to this global network through their phones, tablets, health monitors, and car navigation systems. Even home security systems are now connected to the Internet. 
interconnection and so have the businesses and government entities that provide crucial services that we rely on, but as our dependence on technology has grown, so have our vulnerabilities. 
a battleground for a multitude of adversaries. Foreign nations, international terrorist organizations, and organized crime regularly target our citizens, businesses, and government. 
Unlike traditional combat operations, cyber attackers don’t require sophisticated weaponry to carry out their warfare. On the cyber battlefield, a single individual with a laptop computer can wreak havoc on business, the economy, even our critical infrastructure. 
seen an increasing number of cyber attacks on national security systems and private company networks, breaching critical information. Earlier this year, Anthem BlueCross BlueShield’s IT system was hacked by a highly sophisticated cyber attacker, obtaining personal employee and consumer data, including names, Social Security numbers, and mailing addresses. 
states: There are two types of computer users, those who have been hacked and those who don’t know that they have been hacked. 
The incredible advancements made by the IT industry over the past three decades have been predominantly due to the competitive nature of the free market. 
of government bureaucracy, oversight, and regulation, technology entrepreneurs have had the freedom to bring new innovations to the market with little cost and in record amount of 
It is clear that our greatest advancements in technology have come from the private sector. That is why it is imperative that the government partner with the private sector to combat cyber attacks against our Nation. 
today, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, puts in place a framework for voluntary partnership between government and the private 
sector to share information to protect against and combat against cyber attacks. 
critical information, businesses and government will voluntarily work together to respond to attacks and to prevent our enemies from corrupting networks, attacking our highly sensitive data systems, and compromising our personal privacy information. 
this legislation also includes liability protections for the sharing of cyber threat information and thereby promotes information sharing that enhances the national cybersecurity posture. 
groups of hackers and terrorists, but individuals who target large networks, corrupt our database, and get hold of private material. 
must make sure we are affirming individual privacy rights and safeguarding both government and private sector databases from cyberterrorism. 
citizens of the United States is a top priority for me, and it should be for this Congress. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
support H.R. 1731, because it provides that framework of cooperation between the government and the private industry, and it provides the protections and liability protections our industries need. 
We must have this bill. I do stand in 
support of it, and I thank you for allowing me this time to speak. 
Chairman, I have no additional requests for time, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD), a 
have spent almost 9 years, or a little bit over 9 years, as an undercover officer in the CIA. I chased al Qaeda, Taliban. Towards the end of my career, we started spending a lot more time focusing on cyber criminals, Russian organized crime, state sponsors of terror like Iran. 
What this bill does is it helps in the 
protection of our digital infrastructure, both public and private, against 
cybersecurity company, and seeing the threats to our infrastructure is great. This bill, which I rise in support of, is going to create that framework in order for the public and the private sector to work together against these threats. 
you give me enough time, I am going to get in your network. We have to change our mindset and begin with the presumption of breach. How do we stop someone? How do we detect someone getting in our system? How do we corral them? And how do we kick them off? H.R. 1731 is a great start in doing this and making sure that we have the right protections. 
We also are helping small and mediumsized businesses with this bill, making sure that a lot of them have the resources that some larger businesses do and making sure that the Department of Homeland Security is providing as much information to them so that they can keep their company and their customers safe. 
both sides of the aisle that is working to make this bill happen, and I look forward to seeing this get past this House and our colleagues in the Senate. 
Chairman, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
no further requests for time. I am prepared to close if the gentleman from Mississippi is prepared to close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
many years, I am not surprised by the overwhelming support that H.R. 1731 has garnered. Today, the House has the opportunity to join with the President and stakeholders from across our critical infrastructure sectors to make our Nation more secure. 
1731, you will be putting the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal civilian lead for cyber information sharing, on a path to fully partnering with the private sector to protect the U.S. networks. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
moment today and face a stark reality. The cyber threats to America have gone from bad to severe, and in many ways, we are flying blind. 
The current level of cyber threat information sharing won’t cut it. In the same way that we failed to stop terrorist attacks in the past, we are not connecting the dots well enough to prevent digital assaults against our Nation’s networks. 
The information we need to stop destructive breaches is held in silos, rather than being shared, preventing us from mounting an aggressive defense. In fact, the majority of cyber intrusions go unreported, leaving our networks vulnerable to the same attacks. When sharing does happen, it is often too little and too late. 
If we don’t pass this legislation to enhance cyber threat information sharing, we will be failing the American people and ceding more ground to our adversaries. 
I hope, today, that we have the momentum to reverse the tide and to do what the American people expect of us, pass prosecurity, proprivacy legislation to better safeguard our public and private networks. Our inaction would be a permission slip for criminals, hacktivists, terrorists, and nation states to continue to steal our data and to do our people harm. 
Members across the aisle and from other committees in developing this legislation. I would like to specifically commend, again, subcommittee Chairman RATCLIFFE for his work on this 
bill, as well as our minority counterparts, including Ranking Member THOMPSON and subcommittee Ranking 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Chair, I rise today to 
oppose H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015. I commend Chairman MCCAULand Ranking Member T HOMPSON for crafting a cybersecurity bill 
that improves upon legislation this body has previously voted on, but ultimately I cannot support it in its current form. 
Protecting Cyber Networks Act (H.R. 1560), I continue to have concerns about the ambiguous liability provisions in this legislation. Specifically, H.R. 1731 would grant immunity to companies for simply putting forth a ‘‘good faith’’ effort when reporting security threats to the Department of Homeland Security. Like H.R. 1560, companies would receive liability protection even if they fail to act on threat information in a timely manner. I was disappointed that Republicans did not allow a vote on any of the seven amendments offered to improve the liability provisions in this bill. 
I strongly believe that we must take steps to 
protect against these cyber threats while not sacrificing our privacy and civil liberties. It is my hope that many of these murky liability provisions can be resolved in the Senate, but I cannot support this bill as it stands today. 
THE CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Homeland Security, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill, for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–12. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 1731 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015’’. 
section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center) is amended— 
technical information that is necessary to describe or identify— 
cybersecurity risk, including a description of the information exfiltrated as a result of a particular cybersecurity risk; 
risk that cannot be used to identify specific persons reasonably believed to be unrelated to such cybersecurity risk, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law; or 
the purpose of protecting an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system from a cybersecurity risk or incident; 
that destroys, renders unusable, or substantially harms an information system or data on an information system not belonging to— 
State, local, or tribal government, operating such measure; or 
scan, identify, acquire, monitor, log, or analyze information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; 
Federal entity that is an individual or private group, organization, proprietorship, partnership, trust, cooperative, corporation, or other commercial or nonprofit entity, including an officer, employee, or agent thereof; 
State, local, or tribal government performing electric utility services; 
management, operational, and technical controls used to protect against an unauthorized effort to adversely affect the confidentially, integrity, or availability of an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; and 
The second section 226 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 148; relating to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center) is amended— 
(ii) by striking ‘‘cybersecurity risks,’’ and inserting ‘‘cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, cybersecurity risks,’’; 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
defensive measures, and information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents; and 
measures, and other information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents with Federal and nonFederal entities, including across sectors of critical infrastructure and with State and major urban area fusion centers, as appropriate; 
the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on 
that have shared cyber threat indicators or defensive measures that are known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the requirements of this section; and 
and local governments on cybersecurity risks and incidents, and has entered into a voluntary information sharing relationship with the Center; 
Readiness Team that coordinates information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents, proactively and collaboratively addresses cybersecurity risks and incidents to the United States, collaboratively responds to cybersecurity risks and incidents, provides technical assistance, upon request, to information system owners and operators, and shares cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, analysis, or information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner; 
‘‘(ii) provides training, upon request, to Federal entities and nonFederal entities on industrial control systems cybersecurity; 
‘‘(iv) provides technical assistance, upon request, to Federal entities and nonFederal entities relating to industrial control systems cybersecurity; and 
measures, or information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents of industrial control systems in a timely fashion; 
of the relevant critical infrastructure sector in accordance with this section; 
indicators and defensive measures with the relevant critical infrastructure sector with the Center in accordance with this section. 
a voluntary information sharing relationship with any consenting nonFederal entity for the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures for cybersecurity purposes in accordance with this section. Nothing in this section may be construed to require any nonFederal entity to enter into any such information sharing relationship with the Center or any other entity. The Center may terminate a voluntary information sharing relationship under this subsection if the Center determines that the non Federal entity with which the Center has entered into such a relationship has, after repeated notice, repeatedly violated the terms of this subsection. 
decline to enter into a voluntary information sharing relationship under this subsection if the Secretary determines that such is appropriate for national security. 
nonFederal entity, the Center shall make available a standard agreement, consistent with this section, on the Department’s website. 
of a nonFederal entity, and if determined appropriate by the Center, the Department shall negotiate a nonstandard agreement, consistent with this section. 
between the Center and a nonFederal entity that is entered into before the date of the enactment of this section, or such an agreement that 
is in effect before such date, shall be deemed in compliance with the requirements of this subsection, notwithstanding any other provision or requirement of this subsection. An agreement under this subsection shall include the relevant privacy protections as in effect under the Cooperative Research and Development Agreement for Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Collaboration, as of December 31, 2014. Nothing in this subsection may be construed to require a nonFederal entity to enter into either a standard or negotiated agreement to be in compliance with this subsection. 
entity receiving a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure from another Federal entity or nonFederal entity shall comply with otherwise lawful restrictions placed on the sharing or use of such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure by the sharing Federal entity or nonFederal entity. 
entities and nonFederal entities shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reasonably believed at the time of sharing to be unrelated to a cybersecurity risks or incident and to safeguard information that can be used to identify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition. 
‘‘(iii) require a new information sharing relationship between any nonFederal entity and a Federal entity; 
and Infrastructure Protection, in coordination with industry and other stakeholders, shall develop, publish, and adhere to policies and procedures for coordinating vulnerability disclosures, to the extent practicable, consistent with international standards in the information technology industry. 
provision of law, a nonFederal entity, not including a State, local, or tribal government, may, for cybersecurity purposes, conduct network awareness of— 
Federal entity, upon written consent of such other nonFederal entity for conducting such network awareness to protect the rights or property of such other nonFederal entity; 
‘‘(iii) an information system of a Federal entity, upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for conducting such network awareness to protect the rights or property of such Federal entity; or 
by, or transiting an information system described in this subparagraph. 
of an information system, or the use of any information obtained through such conducting of network awareness, other than as provided in this section; or 
Federal entity upon written consent of such other nonFederal entity for operation of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of such other nonFederal entity; 
‘‘(iii) an information system of a Federal entity upon written consent of an authorized representative of such Federal entity for operation of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of such Federal entity; or 
by, or transiting an information system described in this subparagraph. 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall, in coordination with the Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department, establish and annually review policies and procedures governing the receipt, retention, use, and disclosure of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents shared with the Center in accordance with this section. Such policies and procedures shall apply only to the Department, consistent with the need to protect information systems from cybersecurity risks and incidents and mitigate cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner, and shall— 
practicable, the receipt, retention, use, and disclosure of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures associated with specific persons that is not necessary, for cybersecurity purposes, to 
protect a network or information system from cybersecurity risks or mitigate cybersecurity risks and incidents in a timely manner; 
prompt removal and destruction of obsolete or erroneous names and personal information that is unrelated to the cybersecurity risk or incident information shared and retained by the Center in accordance with this section; 
threat indicators and defensive measures retained by the Center, including information that is proprietary or businesssensitive that may be used to identify specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition; 
threat indicators and defensive measures associated with specific persons to the greatest extent practicable; and 
Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, in consultation with the Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department, and the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (established pursuant to section 1061 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee)), shall ensure there is public notice of, and access to, the policies and procedures governing the sharing of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. 
for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection when establishing policies and procedures to support privacy and civil liberties may consult with the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
Officer of the Department, on an ongoing basis, shall— 
‘‘(ii) regularly review and update privacy impact assessments, as appropriate, to ensure all relevant constitutional, legal, and privacy protections are being followed; 
Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that contains a review of the effectiveness of such policies and procedures to protect privacy and civil liberties; and 
place for officers, employees, or agents of the Department who intentionally or willfully conduct activities under this section in an unauthorized manner. 
the Senate a report containing a review of the use of cybersecurity risk information shared with the Center, including the following: 
‘‘(ii) Information on the use by the Center of 
such information for a purpose other than a cybersecurity purpose. 
‘‘(iv) A review of the actions taken by the 
‘‘(vii) A review of the sharing of such information within the Federal Government to identify inappropriate stove piping of such information. 
General of the Department for improvements or modifications to information sharing under this section. 
Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department, in consultation with the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, the Inspector General of the Department, and the senior privacy and civil liberties officer of each Federal agency that receives cyber threat indicators and defensive measures shared with the Center under this section, shall biennially submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report assessing the privacy and civil liberties impact of the activities under this paragraph. Each such report shall include any recommendations the Chief Privacy Officer and the Chief Civil Rights and Civil Liberties Officer of the Department consider appropriate to minimize or mitigate the privacy and civil liberties impact of the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this section. 
entity, not including a State, local, or tribal government, that shares cyber threat indicators or defensive measures through the Center or otherwise under this section— 
cyber threat indicators or defensive measures solely for cybersecurity purposes; 
‘‘(ii) shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reasonably believed at the time of sharing to be unrelated to a cybersecurity risk or incident, and to safeguard information that can be used to identify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition; 
‘‘(iii) shall comply with appropriate restrictions that a Federal entity or nonFederal entity places on the subsequent disclosure or retention of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures that it discloses to other Federal entities or nonFederal entities; 
control to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; and 
‘‘(vi) may not use such information to gain an 
unfair competitive advantage to the detriment of any nonFederal entity. 
that receives cyber threat indicators or defensive measures shared through the Center or otherwise under this section from another Federal entity or a nonFederal entity— 
cyber threat indicators or defensive measures solely for cybersecurity purposes; 
‘‘(II) shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reasonably believed at the time of sharing to be unrelated to a cybersecurity risk or incident, and to safeguard information that can be used to identify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition; 
control to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; and 
or defensive measures to engage in surveillance or other collection activities for the purpose of tracking an individual’s personally identifiable information. 
‘‘(II) may not be used by the Federal Government for regulatory purposes; 
‘‘(III) may not constitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, 
tribal government that receives cyber threat indicators or defensive measures from the Center from a Federal entity or a nonFederal entity— 
cyber threat indicators or defensive measures solely for cybersecurity purposes; 
‘‘(II) shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to remove information that can be used to identify specific persons and is reasonably believed at the time of sharing to be unrelated to a cybersecurity risk or incident, and to safeguard information that can be used to identify specific persons from unintended disclosure or unauthorized access or acquisition; 
commercial, financial, and proprietary information of such Federal entity or nonFederal entity if so designated by such Federal entity or nonFederal entity; 
shared such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures; and 
control to protect against unauthorized access to or acquisition of such cyber threat indicators or defensive measures. 
State, local, or tribal law or regulation that requires public disclosure of information or records by a public or quasipublic entity; and 
‘‘(II) may not be used by any State, local, or 
tribal government to regulate a lawful activity of a nonFederal entity. 
against a nonFederal entity that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this section; or 
subsection, the term ‘willful misconduct’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
‘‘(III) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit. 
person as a result of such violation or $1,000, whichever is greater; and 
by the court and other litigation costs reasonably occurred in any case under this subsection in which the complainant has substantially prevailed. 
under this subsection may be brought in the district court of the United States in— 
agency of the Federal Government that disclosed the information is located; or ‘‘(iv) the District of Columbia. 
apply only to information that is shared or assistance that is provided in order to assist with— 
or mitigation of a cybersecurity risk or incident to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system; or 
threat indicator or defensive measure to help prevent, investigate, or mitigate the effect of a cybersecurity risk or incident to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
section may be construed to permit pricefixing, allocating a market between competitors, monopolizing or attempting to monopolize a market, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning. 
in this section may be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for a nonFederal entity to provide information to a Federal entity. 
or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any nonFederal entities, or between any nonFederal entity and a Federal entity; or 
‘‘(ii) abrogate trade secret or intellectual property rights of any nonFederal entity or Federal entity. 
this section may be construed to permit a Federal entity to— 
‘‘(ii) condition the sharing of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures with a nonFederal entity on such nonFederal entity’s provision of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures to a Federal entity; or 
grant, contract, or purchase on the sharing of cyber threat indicators or defensive measures with a Federal entity. 
Nothing in this section may be construed to subject any nonFederal entity to liability for choosing to not engage in the voluntary activities authorized under this section. 
Nothing in this section may be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing authority of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any information shared under this section for any use other than permitted in this section. 
section may be construed to restrict or condition a nonFederal entity from sharing, for cybersecurity purposes, cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, or information related to cybersecurity risks or incidents with any other non Federal entity, and nothing in this section may be construed as requiring any nonFederal entity to share cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, or information related to cybersecurity risks or incidents with the Center. 
develop policies and procedures for direct reporting to the Secretary by the Director of the Center regarding significant cybersecurity risks and incidents. 
the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, shall— 
about how to voluntarily share cyber threat indicators and defensive measures with the Center; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘related to critical infrastructure’’ and inserting ‘‘related to cybersecurity risks, incidents, critical infrastructure, and’’; 
terms ‘cybersecurity risk’ and ‘incident’ have the meanings given such terms in the second section 226 (relating to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center).’’. 
PROTECTION .—The National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department of Homeland Security shall, after the date of the enactment of this Act, be known and designated as the ‘‘Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection’’. Any reference to the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be deemed to be a reference to the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection of the Department. 
of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 113) is amended— 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection of the Department of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the feasibility of becoming an operational component, including an analysis of alternatives, and if a determination is rendered that becoming an operational component is the best option for achieving the mission of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, a legislative proposal and implementation plan for becoming such an operational component. Such report shall also include plans to more effectively carry out the cybersecurity mission of Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection, including expediting information sharing agreements. 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149) is amended— 
Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new sections: 
‘‘The National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center, in coordination with the Office of Emergency Communications of the Department, shall assess and evaluate consequence, vulnerability, and threat information regarding cyber incidents to public safety communications to help facilitate continuous improvements to the security and resiliency of such communications. 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall develop and implement an ongoing and comprehensive cybersecurity awareness campaign regarding cybersecurity risks and voluntary best practices for mitigating and responding to such risks. Such campaign shall, at a minimum, publish and disseminate, on an ongoing basis, the following: 
improving awareness among State, local, and tribal governments, the private sector, academia, and stakeholders in specific audiences, including the elderly, students, small businesses, members of the Armed Forces, and veterans. 
Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection shall consult with a wide range of stakeholders in government, industry, academia, and the nonprofit community in carrying out this section.’’. 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Science and Technology, shall submit to 
Congress a strategic plan to guide the overall direction of Federal physical security and cybersecurity technology research and development efforts for protecting critical infrastructure, including against all threats. Such plan shall be updated and submitted to Congress every two years. 
and gap analysis that considers information received in such consultations. 
technologies that need to be accelerated due to rapidly evolving threats or rapidly advancing infrastructure technology; and 
programmatic initiatives for fostering the rapid advancement and deployment of security technologies for critical infrastructure protection, including a consideration of opportunities for publicprivate partnerships, intragovernment collaboration, university centers of excellence, and national laboratory technology transfer. 
experts on critical infrastructure protection from universities, colleges, national laboratories, and private industry; 
Not later than one year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on the feasibility of the Department of Homeland Security creating an environment for the reduction in cybersecurity risks in Department 
data centers, including by increasing compartmentalization between systems, and providing a mix of security controls between such compartments. 
Not later than two years after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that contains an assessment of the implementation by the Secretary of Homeland Security of this Act and the amendments made by this Act and, to the extent practicable, findings regarding increases in the sharing of cyber threat indicators, defensive measures, and information relating to cybersecurity risks and incidents at the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center and throughout the United States. 
Infrastructure Protection shall produce a report on the feasibility of creating a riskinformed prioritization plan should multiple critical infrastructures experience cyber incidents simultaneously. 
Homeland Security shall review the operations of the United States Computer Emergency Readiness Team (USCERT) and the Industrial Control Systems Cyber Emergency Response Team (ICSCERT) to assess the capacity to provide technical assistance to nonFederal entities and to adequately respond to potential increases in requests for technical assistance. 
by this Act may be construed to grant the Secretary of Homeland Security any authority to promulgate regulations or set standards relating to the cybersecurity of nonFederal entities, not including State, local, and tribal governments, that was not in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Act or the amendments made by this Act shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for such purposes. 
amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 114– 88. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 23, insert ‘‘, or the purpose of 
identifying the source of a cybersecurity risk or incident’’ before the semicolon at the end. 
utility services’’ and insert ‘‘utility services or an entity performing utility services’’. 
Page 5, line 15, insert ‘‘(including all conjugations thereof)’’ before ‘‘means’’. 
Page 5, line 16, insert ‘‘(including all conjugations of each of such terms)’’ before the first period. 
the period at the end and inserting ‘; and’’’ and insert ‘‘inserting ‘and’ after the semicolon at the end’’. 
Page 6, line 6, strike the first period and 
Page 7, line 20, insert a colon after ‘‘paragraphs’’. 
Page 11, line 6, insert ‘‘the first place it appears’’ before the semicolon. 
Page 14, line 25, insert ‘‘, at the sole and 
unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection,’’ after ‘‘subsection’’. 
Page 15, line 8, insert ‘‘, at the sole and 
unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection,’’ after ‘‘section’’. 
Page 15, line 21, insert ‘‘at the sole and 
unreviewable discretion of the Secretary, acting through the Under Secretary for Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection,’’ after ‘‘Center,’’. 
Page 23, line 23, insert ‘‘, or’’ before ‘‘that’’. Page 29, line 25, strike ‘‘paragraphs’’ and 
Page 33, line 2, insert ‘‘, except for purposes authorized in this section’’ before the period at the end. 
Page 36, line 18, insert ‘‘in good faith’’ before ‘‘fails’’. 
section may be construed to permit pricefixing, allocating a market between competitors, monopolizing or attempting to monopolize a market, or exchanges of price or cost information, customer lists, or information regarding future competitive planning.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and a Member opposed 
1731 further clarifies the intent of several important provisions of the bill. These modifications were made in consultation with privacy groups, industry leaders, and both the House Intelligence Committee and House Judiciary Committee. 
made are: the expansion of protections for personally identifiable information to include the ‘‘exclusion’’ of information and not just the ‘‘removal’’ of information, a modification to clarify that the use of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures is limited to the purposes authorized in the bill only, and clarifying language to say that identifying the origin of a cybersecurity threat is a valid ‘‘cybersecurity purpose.’’ 
others made in the manager’s amendment, strengthen the bill and further support the committee’s mission to help protect America’s networks and systems from cyber attacks while, at the same time, ensuring that an individual’s private information enjoys robust protection as well. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, the McCaul amendment makes several technical and clarifying changes to H.R. 1731 to reflect feedback from committee Democrats, Department of Homeland Security, and stakeholders. 
Last week during committee consideration, the gentleman from Louisiana, Representative RICHMOND , offered an 
of limitations on citizen suits against the Federal Government for privacy violations. The underlying bill requires the clock to toll from the date when the government violated the citizen’s privacy. The likelihood that a citizen will know the exact date when the personal information was mishandled is pretty remote. As such, Democrats argue that the provision was tantamount to giving the Federal Government a free pass to violate the privacy protections under this act. 
I am pleased to see that the gentleman from Texas, Chairman MCCAUL, has listened to Democrats’ concerns 
and has the amendment adjust the language, though it could use further refinement. 
I am also pleased that the amendment clarifies that all public utilities— not just electric utilities—are covered under this bill. 
that this amendment would make are in line with our shared goals of bolstering cybersecurity and improving the quality of information that the private sector receives about timely cyber threats. Accordingly, I support the McCaul amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . RATCLIFFE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
rise as the designee of the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) to offer 
Page 1, line 12, insert the following (and redesignate subsequent subparagraphs accordingly): 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) and a Member opposed 
rise today in support of amendment No. 2. This is a bipartisan amendment that will help clarify language in both the Homeland Security Act and this bill. 
This amendment narrows the definition of the word ‘‘incident’’ to ensure that a cybersecurity incident is limited to actions taken against an information system or information stored on that system. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, ensures that information shared with the NCCIC or other private entities is limited to threats and actions against information systems and information stored on that system. 
Mr. RATCLIFFE. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I support this bipartisan language that will help clarify language in both the Homeland Security Act and this bill by narrowing the definition of the word ‘‘incident’’ to ensure that a cybersecurity incident is limited to actions taken against an information system 
This amendment ensures that information shared with the NCCIC or other private entities is limited to threats to and actions against information systems and information stored on that system. 
being a leader on this issue and for calling this loophole, if you will, to the attention of the committee to make this a stronger bill on this floor. 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Chairman, I 
support this amendment to make an important change to a definition in the act and the law. 
by some in the privacy community are the limitations that the bill places on the authorizations for sharing and network monitoring. These activities can only be carried out for a ‘‘cybersecurity purpose.’’ Among other things, this limitation is intended to ensure that information is not shared for surveillance or law enforcement purposes and the authorization for network monitoring is not exploited by an overzealous employer who wants to track his employees’ every move on the Internet. 
a term within the definition of ‘‘cybersecurity purpose,’’ it came to light that the language could be interpreted far more expansively than intended. 
now offering the amendment, for tightening up the definition of ‘‘incident’’ in this bill and the underlying law. 
computers for all manner of things, from setting up doctor appointments to buying groceries or ordering books. It is important that, even as we seek to bolster cybersecurity, we do not lose sight of the need to protect the privacy interest of ordinary Americans. That is why I support the Ratcliffe amendment. It will ensure that, in practice, the activities undertaken in this bill are limited to protecting networks and the data on them. 
I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement;’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) and a Member 
amendment that I am offering makes a fine bill even better. It clarifies that the definition of ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’— and, by extension, the definition of ‘‘cybersecurity purpose’’—does not apply to actions that solely involve the violation of consumer terms of service or consumer licensing agreements. 
that will protect Americans’ privacy and ensure that white hat security researchers are not inadvertently monitored. The cyber threat data that will help turn the tide against malicious actors are security vulnerabilities, attack vectors, and indicators of compromise. What will not help is knowing that a consumer has violated a Byzantine terms of service agreement or that a researcher is testing software for exploitable bugs that he or she will then share with the security community. 
While not every terms of service violation is wellmeaning or born of ignorance, there is no doubt in my mind that the existing body of contract law is more than capable of facilitating dispute resolution in these cases. 
The exclusion my amendment proposes is not new to this floor. Both the 2012 and the 2013 versions of CISPA, which I worked on very closely while a member of the House Intelligence Committee, contained similar exclusions, and the Protecting Cyber Networks Act that passed the House yesterday also includes this language. The amendment also makes clear that the exclusion applies only for actions that solely violate terms of service. An action that disrupted an information system in addition to being a violation of terms of service would still constitute a cybersecurity risk. 
any informationsharing regime. The bill that we are considering is designed to build that trust by limiting the use of information shared to cybersecurity 
purposes and ensuring that indicators are scrubbed of any personal information before sharing. My amendment strengthens that trust by making it clear that our focus is on the many real cyber threats out there, not on consumers and researchers. 
thanks to the chairman of the committee, Mr. MCCAUL, for his steadfast 
dedication on the issue of cybersecurity, and I would like to particularly thank his staff for working with us on 
done this body proud, and I certainly urge the adoption of my amendment and the underlying bill. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment, which would clarify that the term ‘‘cybersecurity risk’’ does not apply to actions solely involving violations of consumer terms of service or consumer licensing agreements. 
This amendment will protect consumers from having information shared with the government due to a minor or unwitting violation of the terms of service, such as a violation of one’s Apple iTunes agreement, which my teenage daughters would appreciate. 
meant to enhance the sharing of cybersecurity information within the government and the public. In order to promote voluntary sharing, the public needs to feel confident that the sole act of violating a terms of service or licensing agreement won’t be shared with the NCCIC and that this bill is not a tool to enforce violations regarding terms of service or licensing agreements. These violations have robust legal remedies in place and should be handled through those channels. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s amendment to do so. I support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the chairman for his kind words of support. 
history on the issue of cybersecurity, from our time as cochairs of the Commission on Cybersecurity for the 44th Presidency to our current roles as the cofounders and cochairs of the Congressional Cybersecurity Caucus, along with a variety of other collaborations that he and I have engaged in. 
yield? Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
for yielding. I would just like to highlight for all my colleagues the great work that we do in the Cybersecurity Caucus with my good friend and colleague from Rhode Island. The briefings we host every few weeks bring some of the brightest minds in both government and the private sector to the Hill to educate Members and staff on this national security issue. 
2008, cyber was a topic very few Members knew anything about. It wasn’t really cool to know about cybersecurity. We have made great progress, I believe, the gentleman and I, since that time in raising the level of debate, engagement, awareness, and education with the Members on this critical subject. 
staff will continue to take advantage of the opportunities afforded by our caucus as our lives become even more interconnected in cyberspace. I think this issue has never been more relevant and more of a threat, quite frankly, than it is today. 
I am fond of saying that cybersecurity is not a problem to be solved but a challenge to be managed. I thank the chairman for his collaboration and his leadership on this issue, along with Ranking Member THOMPSON . I certainly look forward to the caucus’ continuing contributions to the discussion. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield to the gentlewoman from California. 
I would just like to thank him for his 
amendment. It prevents this bill from becoming like the CFAA, which treats noncriminal activity as something wrong. This and the KatkoLofgren amendment that preceded it narrow the bill, and both deserve support. I thank the gentleman for yielding and his amendment. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I thank the gentlewoman for her comments and for her support. 
adoption of the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Page 10, line 11, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
system innovation; industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices;’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member 
let me express my appreciation to the chairman and ranking member of the full committee. Again, they have shown the kind of leadership that the Nation needs on dealing with homeland security. My particular appreciation to the chairman and ranking member of the Subcommittee on Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies, as they have worked together and presented legislation that provided a very vigorous debate in the subcommittee and the full committee. 
We believe that we are making enormous leaps and bounds. We are not where we need to be, but we are making leaps and bounds on the whole question of cybersecurity. 
Chairman, even someone just reaching kindergarten understands hacking, understands the collapse that we have seen in the variety of major retail entities and banking entities, and they recognize that we have a new lingo but a new problem. 
or maybe somewhere around 7 years ago, as the infrastructure of the United States was under transportation security, we made the note that 85 percent of the Nation’s cyber is in the private sector. This legislation is a real approach. The National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015 clearly puts the Department of Homeland Security where it needs to be and provides the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center as the anchor of the information coming into the Federal Government and the vetting entity where Americans can feel that their data can be protected and our civil liberties are protected. 
with the industrial control systems. All of us know them. I have been to water systems and seen the impact that a cyber attack could have; the electric grid, all of these are in the eye of the storm, and they are in private hands. Attacks against industrial control systems doubled last year, according to a new report from Dell. 
sending data to us on a minuteby minute basis,’’ said John Gordineer, director of product marketing for network security at Dell. 
Gordineer said: We anonymize the data and see interesting 
trends. In particular, attacks specifically targeting SCADA industrial control systems rose 100 percent in 2014 compared to the previous year—2014. 
Countries most affected were Finland, the U.K., and, yes, the United States of America. The most common attack vector against these systems were buffer overflow attacks. 
amendment, the public benefit of this amendment, is that taxpayer dollars provided to ensure cybersecurity of public and private computer networks will focus on realworld applications that reflect how businesses and industries function. 
This amendment, in particular, will be an important addition to the legislation, which I believe can be supported by every Member. The amendment states that the Department of Homeland Security, in carrying out the functions authorized under this bill, remain current on industrial control system innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. 
thought of as long as they work as designed. Industrial control systems are used to deliver utility services to homes and businesses, add precision and speed to manufacturing, and process our foods into finished products. Industrial control systems are responsible for the lights that brighten our cities; for the clean drinking water, which I indicated many of us visited these systems; of the sewage; of automobiles that travel our highways; and the rows upon rows of foods that fill our shelves at grocery stores. 
contamination of ice cream across the Nation to know that industrial control systems are extremely important. They are also used in largescale manufacturing. A day does not pass in this country when citizens’ lives are not impacted. 
colleagues to recognize that we are in control, but the industrial control systems may, in fact, control our daily lives. My amendment is asking that the Department of Homeland Security, in carrying out its function authorized under this bill, remain current on industrial control system innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. 
I ask my colleagues, as I ask to put 
it lists a whole litany of the private sector infrastructure dealing with industrial control. I am hoping that my amendment will be passed in order to ensure that all aspects of our cyber world are protected for the American people. 
Ranking Member T HOMPSON for their bipartisanship in bringing H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015’’ before the House for consideration. As a senior member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, I am dedicated to protecting our nation from threats posed by terrorists or others who would wish to do our Nation harm. 
This is the first of 3 Jackson Lee amendments that will be considered for H.R. 1731, the ‘‘National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015.’’ 
and will be an important addition to the legislation, which I believe can be supported by every Member of the House. 
the Department of Homeland Security, in carrying out the functions authorized under this bill, will remain current on industrial control system innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. 
Industrial control systems are used to: deliver utility services to homes and businesses; add precision and speed to manufacturing; and process raw foods into finished products. 
for the lights that brighten our cities at night; the clean drinking water that flows from faucets in our homes; automobiles that travel our highways; and the rows upon rows of foods that fill the shelves of grocery stores. 
largescale manufacturing of home appliances, medicines, and products large and small that are found in our homes and offices. 
A day does not pass in this country when 
citizens’ lives are not touched by the output of industrial control systems. 
natural gas, and other utility services are all provided by industrial control systems. 
of everyday consumer products low, and they are essential to meeting consumer demand for goods and services. 
improvements as owners and operators work to address vulnerabilities and improve efficiency. 
Security incorporated industrial control systems in its cybersecurity legislation, because industrial control systems are vulnerable to computer errors, accidents, and cybersecurity threats. 
of industrial control systems is the rapid pace of innovation. 
For example, a new innovation being adopted by industrial control systems involves 3 Dimential or 3–D printing. 
object with a printer made of a highpower laser that fuses small particles of plastic, metal, ceramic, or glass powders into the object’s size and shape. 
3–D printing of jet engine parts to coffee mugs is possible. 
3–D printing has the potential to shrink supply chains, save product development times, and increase customization of products. 
is the smart grid, which is quickly replacing old electricity delivery and metering technology in cities across the Nation. 
of interrelated technologies rapidly moving into public use to reduce or better manage electricity consumption. 
Smart grid systems can aid electricity service providers, users, or thirdparty electricity usage management service providers to monitor and control electricity use. 
The smart grid is also making it possible to 
more efficiently manage the flow of electricity to residential and industrial consumers. 
once a month are being replaced by smart meters that can be read remotely using smart grid communication systems every 15 minutes or less. 
consumption of electricity down to the individual residential or commercial property. 
like 3–D printing and smart grid technologies are introduced to industrial control systems. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment, which will modify the Information Sharing Structure and Processes section of the bill relating to the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center’s, or NCCIC’s, Industrial Control System. 
Team, ICSCERT. This amendment directs the ICSCERT to remain current on ICS innovation, industry adoption of new technologies, and industry best practices. This amendment directs the ICSCERT to keep abreast of new, innovative technologies. This will enable the ICSCERT to respond, when requested, with the latest and most current technologies and practices. 
gentlewoman for bringing it. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
at the end the following: ‘‘, and, to the extent practicable, make selfassessment tools available to such businesses to determine their levels of prevention of cybersecurity risks’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) and a Member opposed 
first, I would like to thank my colleague and fellow Texan, Chairman MCCAUL, and Ranking Member B ENNIE  
THOMPSON of the House Homeland Security Committee for bringing up my amendment for consideration to H.R. 1731. 
This amendment supports small businesses across the Nation at no cost to taxpayers. My amendment would make selfassessment tools available to small and mediumsized businesses so they can determine their level of cybersecurity readiness. Oftentimes, mediumsized and small businesses don’t have the framework or capability in place to protect against cybersecurity threats. In 2014, for example, 31 percent of all cyber attacks were directed not at large businesses but at businesses with less than 250 employees. This is a 4 percent increase from 2013. 
home to many small companies in so many critical industries: biomed and pharmaceuticals, energy, manufacturing, and many more. Some of these businesses employ as few as 5 to 10 people, and their technology is unprotected, vulnerable to cyber attacks. 
Internet, collect customers’ information, and store sensitive information on business computers. Yet many of these same companies don’t have the readily available information to self assess their ability to defend their digital assets. They lack the tools necessary for determining cybersecurity readiness. 
fills that void and provides the information and tools needed to secure and empower small businesses across the country. 
to support the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO). Over the course of the past year, 
cyber breaches at Target, Sony, eBay, and Anthem have consumed headlines and brought awareness to the vulnerability of large corporations to cyber threats. 
small businesses are not wellpublicized, they are a dangerous threat that we cannot afford to ignore. In fact, in 2012 alone, the National Cyber Security Alliance found that 60 percent of small businesses shut down within 6 
months of a data breach. Small businesses are attractive prey for hackers because they often lack the resources necessary to identify cyber vulnerabilities and harden their cyber infrastructure. 
language I inserted into the underlying bill that is aimed at improving cybersecurity capabilities of small businesses. 
to help protect small businesses from cyber threats by supporting this important amendment. 
us that the big businesses that get attacked by hacks make the big headlines, but we can’t forget about small businesses and mediumsized businesses who day in and day out are vulnerable to the same kind of cybersecurity threats. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I support the gentleman’s amendment. The gentleman is correct. Small and mediumsized businesses are the lifeblood of our economy, yet they often cannot dedicate the resources to address cybersecurity issues. Making selfassessment tools available to these businesses will allow them to determine their levels of cyber risk and manage the risk through appropriate prevention. 
amendment, Mr. Chairman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I yield back back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . CASTRO OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
first responders and officials specifically for preparing and responding to cyber attacks; 
to build and sustain capabilities in support of cybersecurity preparedness and response; 
simulation exercises to defend from and respond to cyberattacks; 
Preparedness Consortium to incorporate cybersecurity emergency responses into existing State and local emergency management functions. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ) and a Member opposed 
first, I am very honored to be joined by my fellow colleagues and Members of Congress from both parties from San Antonio, Texas—Congressmen SMITH, 
each represent a portion of Bexar County and have joined me on this amendment. 
My amendment would give the Secretary of Homeland Security authority to establish the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, or NCPC, within the Department of Homeland Security. Doing so would formally allow this consortium, which already exists outside of the government, to assist State and local entities in developing their own viable and sustainable cybersecurity programs, and it would be at no cost to taxpayers. 
partners. The University of Texas at San Antonio leads the effort, along with Texas A&M University in College Station, the University of Arkansas, the University of Memphis, and Norwich University in Vermont. 
These schools proactively came together to coordinate their work, helping State and local officials prepare for cyber attacks. The consortium also develops and carries out trainings and exercises to increase cybersecurity knowledge. 
Additionally, the NCPC uses competitions and workshops to encourage more people to pursue careers in cybersecurity and grow the industry’s workforce. States and communities need the 
ability to prevent, detect, respond to, and recover from cyber events as they 
would any other disaster or emergency situation, and they need to be aware of the fact that cyber events could impede emergency responders’ ability to do their jobs. 
State and local needs by codifying this valuable consortium. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment, which establishes the National Cybersecurity Preparedness Consortium, consisting of university partners and other stakeholders who proactively coordinate to assist State and local officials in cybersecurity preparation and the prevention of cyber attacks. 
The amendment directs the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Directorate to update curriculum for first responders, provide technical assistance where possible, and conduct simulations and other training to help State and local officials be better prepared for cyber attacks. 
The amendment directs the consortium to consist of academic, nonprofit, and government partners to deliver the best training possible, which will further advance the overall goal of H.R. 1731, to strengthen the resiliency of Federal and private networks and, thus, protect the data of the American people more effectively. 
of consortium. I am pleased that the gentleman from Texas brought this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
thank the chairman for his work in making this amendment happen. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to H.R. 1731. 
Oftentimes, large governments and governments have plans in place to mitigate and respond to cyber threats, but many smaller State and local entities do not. This is why I cosponsored and stand in support of Representative CASTRO ’s amendment to H.R. 1731. 
Nation have teamed up to face these cyber issues head on, including the University of Texas at San Antonio and my alma mater, Texas A&M University. The proposed consortium would provide valuable training to local and first responders in the event of a catastrophic cyber attack. It would also provide technical assistance services to build and sustain capabilities in support of cybersecurity preparedness and response, and it would coordinate with other crucial entities, such as the MultiState Information Sharing and Analysis Center and NCCIC. 
cyber preparedness not only at the Federal level, but the local level as well. 
Again, this is why I urge my colleagues to support this. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
obtained through the conduct of activities authorized under this section only to protect Federal agency information and information systems from cybersecurity risks, or, with the approval of the Attorney General and if disclosure of such information is not otherwise prohibited by law, to law enforcement 
such private entity gains access in accordance with this section for any purpose other than to protect Federal agency information and information systems against cybersecurity risks or to administer any such contract or other agreement. 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 226 (relating to cybersecurity recruitment and retention) the following new item: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD) and a Member opposed each 
every day and every hour, hacktivists and state actors are attempting to breach U.S. Government systems. 
with during my time at the CIA, and, since I have left, it has only gotten worse. They are attempting to steal valuable information that could be used against us. 
tool that the U.S. Government can deploy to respond to and mitigate cyber threats. The EINSTEIN Program was intended to provide DHS a situational awareness snapshot of the health of the Federal Government’s cyberspace. 
Based upon agreements with participating Federal agencies, DHS installed systems at their Internet access points to collect network flow data. 
version of the program. This groundbreaking technology uses classified and unclassified information to block cyber espionage and attacks. E3A is allowing the Department of Homeland Security to paint a wider and more intelligent picture of the overall cyber threat landscape within the Federal Government, enabling strong correlation of events and the ability to provide early warning and greater context about emerging risks. Cuttingedge programs such as EINSTEIN can serve as a groundbreaking tool to stop criminals, hacktivists, and nationstates from harming the American public and government. 
I urge my colleagues to support codifying the E3A program and vote in favor of this amendment. 
Mr. M CCAUL. I support this amendment, which would authorize and codify the current EINSTEIN Program operated in the Department of Homeland Security. 
The EINSTEIN Program, as deployed, makes available the capability to protect Federal agency information and information systems. The Einstein Program includes technologies to diagnose, detect, prevent, and mitigate cybersecurity risks involving Federal information systems. 
I would also like to thank my colleague and fellow chairman, Mr. CHAFFETZ , of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee for working with the Committee on Homeland Security on this important issue. 
Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, this amendment would authorize the Department of Homeland Security’s program to provide web based security services to U.S. Federal civilian agencies. 
When fully implemented, it is expected to provide all participating Federal agencies with the ability to know the cyber threats they face and protect their systems from insider and outsider threats. 
protect Federal civilian networks, there are complex interagency privacy and coordination issues that still need to be settled. 
Department of Homeland Security’s efforts at closing out those issues as it confers specific statutory authority to the Department to pursue EINSTEIN. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
this Act shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank the chairman for the opportunity to present this amendment, very similar, Mr. Chairman, to the amendment that I presented yesterday that was approved by a majority of both Republicans and Democrats. It is a 7year sunset provision to the bill. 
with two very real and very serious concerns, security of our people and the freedoms and liberties of our people. We are called upon to do that very often here in Congress. Sometimes, we get those balances exactly right, and sometimes, we don’t. 
side of safety and protection and security to the expense of our individual liberties. Other times, we err on the other side and do not provide the requisite level of safety and security that the citizens rightly demand of Congress. 
All this bill does is force us to make 
sure that we keep an eye on this piece of legislation to make sure that we got the balance exactly right. I know that many folks will say: Well, you know, Mr. MULVANEY , we have the opportunity at any time to go back in and fix the bill. 
from time to time, but, by the same token, this is a very busy place, and a lot of bills tend to fall between the cracks. 
into this piece of legislation will force us not only to keep an eye on this on an ongoing basis, but to come here 7 years from now and make sure that we have done it precisely correctly. 
In fact, I have often wished that we put sunset provisions, Mr. Chairman, in every single piece of legislation that we have, but we don’t have that opportunity here today. 
sunset into this very important piece of legislation, and I hope that the House does the same thing today as it did yesterday and approve this amendment by an overwhelming margin. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
not oppose the inclusion of his amendment here today on the floor, and that was for good reason. 
fair debate on this measure, this amendment. We need transparency in the process here on the floor. My committee has undertaken that since day one as we assembled this bill in a bipartisan fashion. 
provisions, I think, in this case, submitting a sunset provision to this vital national security program would not be in our best interest. 
from industry and other stakeholders that a sunset would stifle the sharing of this valuable cyber threat information. It would undermine everything that we are trying to do here today as we try to incentivize participation and investment in this voluntary program. 
for the gentleman and his point of view on this, I will vote ‘‘no’’ and oppose this amendment. 
applaud the chairman for doing something that doesn’t happen nearly enough in this Chamber. He is allowing an amendment to come to the floor that he opposes. 
enough here. I think it speaks volumes to some of the recent steps we have taken to improve Member participation in the process, and I think we will be better as an institution for it. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. 
Chairman, I appreciate, as I said, the maker of this amendment. 
same amendment in markup. It failed on a partyline vote, and this is democracy; but a little thing that concerns me is that, when we went to the Rules Committee, my chairman gave an indication that he really didn’t have a problem with the 7year sunset. 
clarify what I believe to be the record, and that was I was not opposed to this amendment going to the floor for a full and fair debate. 
I respect the gentleman’s interpretation of that. I simply was not opposed to this going to the floor, and I think it deserves a full debate, as we saw yesterday as well. 
made in Rules. Mr. M CCAULsaid: There is an amendment that has a 7year 
sunset provision, and I will be honest, I will not oppose that. I think 7 years is ample time to advance those relationships and while, at the same time, giving Congress the authority to reauthorize after a 7year period. 
Mr. M CCAUL. I must say that, obviously, since the time the Rules Committee discharged the amendment, there has been tremendous opposition from industry, which concerns me, about the participation in this program and the success of this program if the sunset provision is allowed to go forward, just to clarify my point of view. 
Chairman, reclaiming my time, I accept the gentleman’s reinterpretation of the statement, and we will go forward. 
7year sunset on an Intelligence bill, the House resoundingly voted for this very same amendment, 313–110. It is clear that the congressional intent is, within 7 years, that it should have been ample time for this bill to be law and now set a record for us to come back as Members of Congress and do our oversight responsibility. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. I yield back the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MS . HAHN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation of the Senate a report on cybersecurity vulnerabilities for the ten United States ports that the Secretary determines are at greatest risk of a cybersecurity incident and provide recommendations to mitigate such vulnerabilities. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. 
Chairman M CCAULand Ranking Member T HOMPSON for allowing me to offer 
I rise to offer a National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act amendment, one to increase cybersecurity at our Nation’s most atrisk ports. 
This amendment will direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report to Congress assessing risks and providing recommendations regarding cybersecurity at America’s most atrisk ports, such as Los Angeles, Long Beach, Oakland, New York, Houston. 
According to the American Association of Port Authorities, our ports contribute $4.6 trillion to the U.S. economy, making their security critical to our Nation. 
In order to remain efficient and globally competitive, our ports have become increasingly reliant on complex computer networks for everyday management. However, The Brookings Institution has found that there is a cybersecurity gap at our Nation’s ports. Currently, we do not have cybersecurity standards for our ports to give Federal agencies the authority to address cybersecurity issues. 
threat of cyber attack on the networks that manage the flow of U.S. commerce at our ports is real. 
busiest port complex and as cofounder of the Congressional Ports Caucus, I know that a significant disruption at our ports cripples our economy. An estimated $1 billion a day was lost during the lockout at the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach back in 2002. Imagine the possible damage of a more severe disruption. For example, if our ports were targeted and hacked and unable to operate, it could cost our Nation billions and billions of dollars. 
participant in the FBI’s Cyberhood Watch program and has an awardwinning cybersecurity operations center, we need to ensure that all of our ports have the same ability to protect themselves from cyber attacks. This is why I have offered this amendment that addresses the lack of cybersecurity standards and safeguards at our ports. 
the networks managing our ports long enough, and it is pointless and ironic for government to continue awarding funds that are spent on the installation of new technologies if the networks they are on remain vulnerable to cyber attacks. This amendment adds no new cost to this legislation, but it will offer great security to our Nation’s movement of goods. 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
support this amendment, which requires the Department of Homeland Security to identify and mitigate cybersecurity threats to our Nation’s seaports. It requires the Secretary to identify the 10 ports with the highest vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents and to fully evaluate and establish procedures to mitigate relevant cyber vulnerabilities. 
America’s seaports are critical infrastructure, and 95 percent of America’s foreign trade travels through these seaports. A cybersecurity incident which impacts a major U.S. port could have profound effects on the global economy. The Department of Homeland Security must take immediate, proactive measures to identify and mitigate cybersecurity threats in America’s most vulnerable ports. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. HAHN. I thank you for your support, and I applaud you and the committee for working in this bipartisan manner. I urge all of my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
Not later than 60 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment on the impact on privacy and civil liberties limited to the work of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member 
leadership and for the importance of this legislation on the floor today and—this is something that I have often said—for the importance of the Department of Homeland Security’s 
being the front armor, if you will, for domestic security, and this is a very important component of domestic security. 
states that not later than 60 months after the date of this act the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate an assessment on the impact of privacy and civil liberties, limited to the work of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. 
is that it will provide public assurance from a reliable and trustworthy source that their privacy and civil liberties are not being compromised. Whether it is the PATRIOT Act or the USA FREEDOM Act that is now proposed, the American people understand their security, but they understand their privacy and their civil liberties. The intent of this report is to provide Congress with information regarding the effectiveness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
have been through too much hacking, and we have lost too much personal data from a number of retail entities and elsewhere—for the American people not to be protected. This amendment will result in the sole external report on the privacy and civil liberties’ impact of the programs created under this bill. 
Jackson LeePolis amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
The report required by this amendment would provide a quantifiable tool for the transparency, accountability, and oversight of Americans’ civil liberties, and it will address privacy concerns. 
and any opportunity to highlight to the American people how well DHS is protecting their civil liberties, while strengthening the cyber resilience of our Federal and nonFederal networks, is a welcome endeavor. 
well the program is working, and it will potentially identify any areas of improvement, which will further strengthen the robustness of DHS’ cyber informationsharing practices. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the chair 
concern to the American public in a digital economy where personal information is one of the most valuable assets of successful online business. Again, I ask for support of the Jackson LeePolis amendment. 
their leadership and work on H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015 to the floor for consideration. 
Committee on Homeland Security brought before the House this opportunity to defend our Nation against cyber threats. 
that, not later than 60 months after the date of this act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate an assessment on the impact of privacy and civil liberties limited to the work of the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. 
The intent of the report is to provide Congress with information regarding the effectiveness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
This amendment would result in the sole external report on the privacy and civil liberties’ impact of the programs created under this bill. 
public in a digital economy where personal information is one of the most valuable assets of successful online businesses. 
allows companies to better tailor services and products to meet the needs of consumers. 
Instead of relying on surveys to try to determine what consumers want, companies know what they want through their online and increasingly offline activities that are recorded and analyzed. 
their privacy published by the Pew Center found that a majority of adults surveyed felt that their privacy is being challenged along such core dimensions as the security of their personal information and their ability to retain confidentiality. 
consumers have lost control over how personal information is collected and used by companies. 
88% of adults believe that it would be very 
sites believe they are concerned about third parties accessing their data. 
some concerns about the government accessing some of the information they share on social networking sites without their knowledge. 
For this reason, the Jackson Lee amendment providing an independent report to the public on how their privacy and civil liberties are treated under the implementation of this bill is important. 
I ask that my colleagues on both sides of 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–88. 
consult with sector specific agencies, businesses, and stakeholders to produce and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on how best to align federallyfunded cybersecurity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties while assuring security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infrastructure, including— 
enable the secure and resilient design and construction of critical infrastructure and more secure accompanying cyber technology; 
cybersecurity investments and the adoption of critical infrastructure design features that strengthen cybersesecurity and resilience. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. This is a comprehensive approach, Mr. Chairman, to the issue of cybersecurity and national cybersecurity protection. 
now states that the Secretary of Homeland Security may consult with sector specific agencies, businesses, and stakeholders to produce and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on how best to align federally funded cybersecurity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties while assuring the security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infrastructure. Again, I can recount the incidences 
that have brought this issue to the attention of the American people. Certainly, one of the most striking were the actions of Mr. Snowden’s, so it is important that we develop research that really blocks those who would intend to do wrong, or ill, to the American people. 
The amendment includes a cybersecurity research and development objective to enable the secure and resilient 
design and construction of critical infrastructure and more secure accompanying cyber technology. We want it to be impenetrable. We want to have a firewall that stands as a firewall. I believe that we have the capacity to have the R&D to do so. 
is that it will make sure, as innovations occur in the private sector that can improve privacy and civil liberties protections, that they will be adopted by DHS for its programs established by this bill. 
the Jackson Lee amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Chairman, I support this enhancement that allows the Secretary of Homeland Security to consult with stakeholders and to submit a report on how best to align federally funded cybersecurity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties, while assuring the security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infrastructure. 
The promotion of research and development activities to design resilient critical infrastructure that includes cyber threat infrastructure and that also includes cyber threat consideration in its plan is important as we build the fences against the cascading effect of cyber attacks on critical infrastructures. 
Again, I want to thank the gentlewoman for bringing this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentleman from Texas. 
people deserve the kind of investigatory work that results in R&D that provides the kind of armor against the attacks that we have noted are possible and have occurred. With that, I ask for the support of the Jackson Lee amendment. 
their leadership and work on H.R. 1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015. 
amendments offered to this legislation. The Jackson LeePolis amendment to H.R. 
Homeland Security may consult with sector specific agencies, businesses, and stakeholders to produce and submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report on how best to align federally funded cybersecurity research and development activities with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties, while assuring the security and resilience of the Nation’s critical infrastructure. 
The amendment includes a cybersecurity research and development objective to enable the secure and resilient design and construction of critical infrastructure and more secure accompanying cyber technology. 
support investigation into enhanced computer aided modeling capabilities to determine potential impacts on critical infrastructure of incidents or threat scenarios and cascading effects on other sectors and facilitating initiatives to incentivize cybersecurity investments and the adoption of critical infrastructure design features that strengthen cybersecurity and resilience. 
The ability to stay current and at the leading 
edge of innovation in the fastmoving world of computing technology will be a challenge, but one that the Department of Homeland Security can meet. 
The Jackson Lee amendment lays the foundation for an array of collaborative efforts centered on learning as much as possible about critical infrastructure operations and technologies, then using that knowledge to discover how best to defend against cyberbased threats. 
I ask that my colleagues on both sides of 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 405, noes 8, not voting 18, as follows: 
Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Coffman Cohen Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold 
Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta 
Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) 
Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Lipinski Meeks Moore Olson Pallone 
BRIDENSTINE, COFFMAN, TIPTON, CRAWFORD, GIBBS, MILLER of Florida, and GOHMERT changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. H ARPER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1731) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to enhance multidirectional sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 212, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
1731 to the Committee on Homeland Security with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Add at the end of the bill the following: 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 141 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
including the electrical grid, nuclear power plants, oil and gas pipelines, financial services, and transportation systems, from cyberattacks, as attacks on SCADA industrial control systems increased by 100 percent in 2014 over the previous year. 
States corporations, particularly the intellectual property of atrisk small and mediumsized businesses, in order to maintain United States competitiveness and job 
risk Americans, including Social Security numbers, dates of birth, and employment information, and health records, insofar as the health records of more than 29,000,000 Americans were compromised in data breaches between 2010 and 2013, and, in 2015, the information of 80,000,000 Americans was compromised by the attack on Anthem Health Insurance.’’. 
contents of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 231 the following new item: 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New York is recognized for 5 minutes. 
final amendment. It will not kill the bill. It will not send the bill back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
dark. The lights went out, the power stopped near the White House, lights out, no power at the Department of State. Federal agencies were plunged into darkness, small businesses plunged into darkness. Business stopped. The business of government stopped because there was a blackout. 
loss of energy was because of a blown transformer, and there was no indication that this was a result of a cyber attack on our energy sources or systems. 
every day, of attempted attacks on our critical energy infrastructure, and this amendment simply strengthens the response of the Department of Homeland Security to protect our constituents, our government, our infrastructure, and our country from this attack. 
2012, we know that there was a sustained and persistent cyber attack on critical gas pipeline control systems. Now, the good news is that we successfully defended against those attacks. 
The bad news is, as we all know, the 
very nature of cyber war means that every time you defend against an attack, you are transmitting to your attackers what your defenses are. 
cases of major cyber attacks handled by DHS’ cybersecurity team in 2013, 40 percent were in the energy sector. There have been attacks on supervisory control and data acquisitions, SCADA. Those attacks doubled between 2013 and 2014, so we know these attacks are being attempted. We know how serious it is. 
We learned, 2 weeks ago, what happens when we plunge into the darkness. We know the economic devastation, the social devastation, the military devastation that will occur when an attack is successful, when a cyber attack against our energy systems succeeds. 
wait until the day after, when we ask ourselves, in the dark: Why didn’t we do more yesterday? This is like being told that Pearl 
Harbor is coming, that 9/11 is coming, knowing it is coming, and deciding: Are you going to do something about it? Or are you going to continue to bury your head in the sand? 
Mr. Speaker. It simply directs the Department of Homeland Security to organize a strong, concerted, focused partnership with energy companies throughout this country. Those partnerships would provide technical assistance from DHS to energy companies and information sharing. These partnerships would be focused on critical infrastructure, the electrical grid, oil and gas pipelines, and nuclear power plants. 
Mr. Speaker, what happened in Washington, D.C., on April 7 of this year can happen in any congressional district in this body. Instead of a blown transformer, it will be a cyber attack against energy systems in any one of the districts represented here today, Mr. Speaker. 
will ask us, from that place in the dark: What did you do to prevent it? And what did you do to protect me from it? 
This vote on this motion to recommit will be your answer. 
Let’s put the protection of our businesses, our government, our military, and our constituents ahead of partisanship and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion to recommit. 
Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
today in strong opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
New York is correct regarding the nature of the threat. However, the activities he has discussed were authorized by Congress last Congress with a bill that I sponsored. In addition, the bill currently before the House strengthens those provisions. 
committee unanimously. This motion is nothing more than an eleventh hour attempt to bring down the bill that we worked so hard on to get to this point where we are today. 
what keeps me up at night. In addition to the kinetic threats posed by al Qaeda and ISIS, it is a cyber attack against our Nation that concerns me the most. 
This legislation is necessary to protect Americans. Every day, America is under attack. Our offensive capabilities are strong, but our defensive capabilities are weak. The attacks on Target and Home Depot stole the personal 
The cyber breach at Anthem compromised the healthcare accounts of 80 million individuals, impacting one out of every four Americans in the most private way. North Korea’s destructive attack on Sony attempted to chill our freedom of speech. Russia and China continue to steal our intellectual property and conduct espionage against our Nation. 
financial sector on a daily basis in response to the sanctions. We also face a growing threat from cyberterrorists, like the ISIS sympathizers who hacked into USCENTCOM’s social media account. 
Terrorists and state sponsors of terror, like Iran, want nothing more than to carry out a destructive cyber attack to bring things down in the United States, including our power grids. 
This bill protects our Nation’s networks, both public and private, by removing legal barriers to the sharing of threat information. 
proprivacy and prosecurity and has widespread support from industry. It allows us to obtain the keys for information sharing, to lock the door, and to keep these nationstates and criminals out. We cannot send a signal of weakness to our adversaries. 
threat of a cyber Pearl Harbor. My father, part of the Greatest Generation, was a bombardier in a B–17 during World War II. He participated in the air campaign in advance of the Dday invasion against the Nazis. 
Today a new generation faces different threats to our national security, and we must protect America in this new frontier. We now live in a new threat environment where digital bombs can go undetected and cause massive devastation. This bill will defend America from these attacks. 
be nothing short of reckless. It is urgent that we pass this bill today, for if Congress fails to act and the United States is attacked, then Congress will have that on its hands. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 180, noes 238, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta 
LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 355, noes 63, not voting 13, as follows: [Roll No. 173] 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer 
Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fincher 
Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Levin Lewis LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) 
Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Becerra Blumenauer Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Capuano Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Conyers Courtney DeLauro DesJarlais Deutch Doyle, Michael 
Fleming Garrett Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Grijalva Guinta Huelskamp Issa Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Labrador Larson (CT) Lee Lieu, Ted Lowenthal Massie McGovern Mooney (WV) Nadler 
Nolan Pingree Pocan Polis Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Serrano Slaughter Takano Tonko Tsongas 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to section 3 of House Resolution 212, the text of H.R. 1731 was appended to the engrossment of H.R. 1560, and H.R. 1731 was laid on the table. 
unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered as the first sponsor of H.R. 637, a bill originally introduced by Representative Schock of Illinois, for the purposes of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO PAY RESPECTS TO THE YOUNG WOMEN WHO DIED SUDDENLY IN SAVANNAH, GEORGIA, APRIL 22, 2015 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay my respects to the young women who died suddenly in Savannah, Georgia, yesterday. On Wednesday morning just before 6 a.m., three tractortrailers, two pickup trucks, and two cars were involved in a chainreaction car accident. 
Clark of Powder Springs, Morgan Bass of Leesburg, Catherine McKay Pittman of Alpharetta, and Caitlyn Baggett of Millen were killed. 
given to these young women and their families in the Eagle Nation. 
the purpose of inquiring about the schedule of the week to come. 
are expected in the House. On Tuesday, the House will meet at noon for morning hour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30. On Wednesday and Thursday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Friday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. 
annual appropriation process. The House will consider the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill sponsored by Representative CHARLIE DENT. This important bill 
provides funding to house and train our military and ensures that we can meet the growing health care needs of our Nation’s veterans. 
The House will also consider the Energy and Water appropriations bill sponsored by Representative MIKE 
SIMPSON . This bill ensures that we safely maintain our nuclear weapons stockpile and provide for critical infrastructure projects through the Army Corps of Engineers. 
expected to consider the budget conference report. I thank the gentleman. 
for that information. He indicates that the appropriations process has started. First I want to say, as a Member who served on the Appropriations Committee for 23 years, I always thought we ought to start the appropriations process early, i.e., in May, but starting it, I think, is good news. We have had trouble on both sides getting all 12 appropriations bills—it used to be 13—12 appropriations bills done. So I congratulate the committee for initiating its work in a timely fashion. 
to, hopefully, passing 12 bills in the regular order, which, as I pointed out 
last week with respect to some other legislation, will require the kind of bipartisanship that we saw displayed ultimately on the DHS bill, but certainly on the SGR bill, and then this week we had two bills pass with a bipartisan— both sides—majority voting for it. Hopefully, we will be able to do that on the appropriations bill. 
I ask my friend on the MILCON, Military Construction bill, VA funding bill and on the Energy and Water bill, does the gentleman expect to follow what the gentleman and his party have indicated would be the process for appropriation bills under an open rule? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
‘‘yes.’’ The gentleman does know, having been a part for many years of the appropriation process, that this is actually the earliest in the history of Congress we have ever started appropriations. It is our goal—I know it is your goal as well—to get all bills done through the House in regular order. It is something that we strive towards, and I thank the gentleman for his help. 
Mr. HOYER. I congratulate the gentleman and his party on bringing these bills to the floor early. 
He also says we are going to be considering a conference report. I don’t obviously know what that conference report is. The budget itself, though— which of course sets the parameters for the appropriations bills in terms of caps on spending—was, as the gentleman knows, not a bipartisan bill. There were party differences on that bill. I would hope that in the conference report we can reach an agreement. 
that if we stay at sequester levels we will not be able to pass bills and the President will not sign them. The reason being that our side, and I think the President, perceives, and many in your party perceive at least as it relates to some aspects of the sequester, that the sequester numbers are not workable. 
Appropriations Committee has called the sequester numbers, which are reflected in the budget that passed the House, illconceived, unworkable, and unrealistic. In that context it will be difficult for us to get, no matter how early we start, these bills completed. I would hope that we could come together at some point in time as was done in RyanMurray. I know there are Members on your side, including I think the chairman of the Appropriations Committee, who believe that if we don’t come together on an agreed figure that will allow the Appropriations Committee to meet its responsibilities, then we will have great difficulty getting appropriations bills done. 
has any thoughts on that, but if he does, I would be glad to yield to him on that. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I appreciate his comments, and we will continue to work together to get our appropriations process finished. 
don’t know whether the gentleman had an opportunity to read an article—it may have been an oped, I have got the clip—but I am not sure where it appeared in the paper. But the former Speaker, Newt Gingrich, wrote an article that essentially stood for the proposition that Republicans and Democrats about a decade or a little over a decade ago were able to come together and to take advantage of the research opportunities that Speaker Gingrich, former Speaker Gingrich, said were apparent and possible in today’s day. I share that view. 
Many people, including your predecessor, Mr. Cantor, were concerned and have recently said that we need to increase substantially the investments and the resources that we have at NIH. Unfortunately, as the gentleman may know, in the allocations to subcommittees that were adopted yesterday in the Appropriations Committee, as I understand it, there was $3 billion cut from the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies, which covers NIH, which will make it very difficult to do what Speaker Gingrich, former Speaker Gingrich, suggested we do in The New York Times today. 
article, doesn’t need to comment on it, but I want to call to his attention that we are very concerned, but people on your side and your former Speaker are very concerned that we are not investing sufficient sums to take advantage of the opportunities, and it is costing us. 
He particularly mentioned Alzheimer’s and the extraordinary costs related to Alzheimer’s disease and that, if we can either delay the onset of Alzheimer’s or prevent Alzheimer’s, that we will, in effect, save tens of billions of dollars. 
of we really do need to get the resources into the Appropriations Committee that Mr. ROGERS , the chairman 
of the Appropriations Committee, a senior Republican in this House, says are necessary to meet our responsibility. 
would be looking at that and would, hopefully, work towards that end. 
Mr. Leader. The highway bill, as the gentleman knows, expires in terms of its authorization for funding on the 31st of May. It is not on the schedule, obviously, this month, but can the gentleman tell me—we are very concerned, and, as you know, every Governor, every county executive, every mayor— you have talked to them; I have talked to them—are very concerned about the resources that they are going to have 
available to do bridges and highways maintenance, infrastructure investment. 
might, in the 2 weeks that we will have in May, be able to consider the highway bill? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
highway funding. We look forward to making sure we get that done on time in a bipartisan manner. We will be continuing to work with you as we move forward. 
that we can work on a bipartisan manner. I look forward to doing that. I know that Mr. DEFAZIO looks forward 
looks forward to doing it—both very, very positive Members of this body. 
I will tell the gentleman, I am somewhat concerned, however, about rumors that I have heard that we are looking at, perhaps, a shortterm patch. The problem, as the gentleman so well knows, with a shortterm patch is it does not allow for the kind of planning that is necessary in terms of significant infrastructure projects, which require some significant lead time. 
not we might be considering at least a 5year or at least a longer term, maybe even as long as a 7year authorization? Or are you contemplating that we, in May, would do another shortterm patch? 
May 31. We wanted a longer extension. The House and the Senate agreed on a shortterm patch—or shortterm May 31 deadline. 
Does the gentleman have any expectations that we have the possibility of doing a 5year or longer, so that the States and communities can plan on a longterm basis, as opposed to a very shortterm basis? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
point. This could be a prime example, just like our work on SGR. 
solve these problems in the long term. There is no reason to come back to it. 
If we have to get in a situation that 
is shortterm, hopefully, that that would be short to fix a longterm, much like the issue that we had with SGR. I am hopeful that we can get that done in a very longterm manner. 
Mr. HOYER. Well, I thank the gentleman for that comment. I think it is a very positive comment. 
perhaps you and I can talk about this towards that end because I think, if we talk about creation of jobs, we talk about giving confidence and stability to the economy, I think that is one way we could do it, and, hopefully, we can work together. The last issue I would bring up, Mr. 
Leader, as you know, I worked with your predecessor, Mr. Cantor, very successfully on the reauthorization of ExportImport Bank. That issue is coming up, and it will be expiring at the end of June, on June 30. We need to reauthorize that. 
is critical in terms of our exports. I know there is some disagreement on that issue, maybe between the two of us and between our caucuses; but, as you know, there are 60 Members in your caucus who have written a letter to the Speaker indicating their support and urging that that be brought to the floor. 
I think we will be unanimous on it, as we were last time. That makes somewhere in the neighborhood of 240 to 250 votes on this floor for the reauthorization of ExportImport Bank. 
of that bill coming to the floor any time in the near future? As I say, as you know, the authorization expires on June 30. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
The gentleman is correct, the authority for the ExportImport Bank does expire at the end of June. 
has, as I do, for regular order and working through committees. The committee of jurisdiction has had a few hearings, and I know they have some hearings scheduled in the future continuing. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I will just say this: we know that the 
chairman of the authorizing committee is opposed to ExportImport Bank. He was opposed to TRIA as well. He is opposed to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. As the gentleman knows, those, nevertheless, enjoy broadbased support in this House to a greater or lesser degree. 
the chairman’s opposition to TRIA, on a bipartisan basis with overwhelming big numbers. I think that was the right thing to do. 
urge the chairman, who I think does not enjoy the support of the majority of this House, on his position. I know you may share that position, but I really do believe the House has a position that we ought to pass the Export Import Bank, and we need to do it sooner rather than later, to make sure that we continue the confidence that purchasers of U.S. goods, whether they be airplanes or widgets, will continue to keep doing so with the thought that we have in place what almost every country in the world has in place, a facilitating of that export ability of our country. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I do want to correct one part of history here. You referred to our chairman. Our chairman did move a TRIA bill through his committee. We did move it off this floor. The chairman you speak of, Chairman HENSARLING , 
managed the bill, got it through the House. We got it over to the Senate, and unfortunately, the Senate didn’t take it up in the last hours, and then we got it done and signed into law this year. 
hard on these issues and did an excellent job in the TRIA. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I have no disrespect for Mr. HENSARLING . I think he is a very able Member of this body, and I have great respect for him. I disagree with him both on the ExportImport Bank, and I think I correctly characterize his view on whether we ought to do TRIA, but I do respect the fact, yes, he did bring it to the floor, and when he brought it to the floor, it passed overwhelmingly. 
I think he honestly believes that we ought not to have an ExportImport Bank involvement, but having said that, I think that is not the position of the majority of this House. 
the position of the majority of your party or of mine. Now, that may have changed; I agree with that, but I think I am pretty confident in saying the majority of this House believes, in order to make sure that we stay competitive with worldwide competitors, that the ExportImport Bank is a critical component of that competitive ability. I simply hope that we will be considering it. 
If it fails, it fails, but I think the 
American public, on this and so many other issues, deserves a vote on this floor. As the Speaker, and I have repeated this time and again, said at the beginning in the last election that his objective was to let the House work its will on this matter, as well as some others that I will discuss in the future, I would hope we could do that. 
more time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 8 p.m. on Monday, April 27, 2015. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. on Wednesday, April 29, 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
1979, the Islamic Republic of Iran has been responsible for the deaths of many, many Americans. 
observe the 35th anniversary on the day on which eight of those Americans gave their last full measure of devotion during a failure to rescue 52 fellow Americans being held hostage by radical extremists in Tehran. 
There is no greater love than to lay down 
to the floor today to read their names and to remind us to keep their families in our prayers: Marine Sergeant John Harvey; Marine Corporal George Holmes, Jr.; Marine Staff Sergeant Dewey Johnson; Air Force Major Richard Bakke; Air Force Tech Sergeant Joel Mayo; Air Force Captain Lynn McIntosh; and Air Force Captain Charles McMillan. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker and Members, I rise to recognize Israel, our partner in peace and prosperity, for its 67 years of independence. 
the British mandate was due to end, Israel’s founding fathers and mothers, led by David BenGurion, declared the birth of the State of Israel in Tel Aviv. 
On that day, 67 years ago, the population of Israel was 806,000. Today, 67 years later, after many difficulties and hardships, a strong, resolute Israel has a population of over 8 million. 
in 1948 were survivors of the Second World War and the Holocaust, which pushed international opinion for the need for a homeland for the Jewish people where they could be free from persecution and free to build a better life. 
Israel and its people have worked tirelessly to build a thriving democracy that is economically prosperous and at 
independence, I am proud to say, was the United States, when Democratic President Harry Truman welcomed Israel into the community of nations just hours after its declaration. The bonds between our two great nations, bound together by common interests and shared values, have only grown with time. 
day, that we reflect on the need to redouble our efforts to bring peace to the region and continue to support our friend and ally in its quest for peace. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Marxist Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, in a direct violation of a cease fire, attacked a resting army unit in Cauca, killing 11 Colombian soldiers and injuring 20. I mourn with the Colombian people for this senseless loss of life. 
Colombia claim that a naval convoy delivering medical and humanitarian care to remote communities in Colombia’s Amazon region twice came under attack by FARC forces. Attacking medical personnel is considered a war crime by international law. 
Colombian President Santos continues to demonstrate a dangerous naivete in his negotiations with the terrorist organization. The FARC demands immunity and political legitimacy, but it is not an honest partner in the peace process. 
Immunity for the FARC would constitute an affront to the memory of thousands murdered by that terrorist organization, innocent victims whose spirits demand justice. 
spent this past week trying to fast track Trade Promotion Authority and the new TransPacific Partnership proposal for trade agreements with several nations in the Pacific; but why rush such a significant piece of legislation that cedes Congress’ constitutional authority to the executive branch? 
Shinzo Abe and President Obama are scheduled to meet on April 28 to further fasttrack this agreement. 
to try to silence a reasonable opposition, but, based on our country’s history of making trade deals that drive up our trade deficit and outsource millions of U.S. jobs, the American people should be alarmed. I and many others are sounding that alarm. 
partners in this agreement, and it is the world’s second largest currency manipulator and is one of the leading protectionist markets in the Pacific. They have much to gain from a weak trade agreement. 
automobile market, but 96 percent of that market belongs only to Japanese automobiles. Since 2000, we have been able to sell 183,000 cars there, but guess how many they sold here—16.3 million. That is 89,000 to 1. 
There is something wrong with trying to work a deal that rewards a country whose markets are closed. We need a new trade model that creates jobs in America again and that does not reward currency manipulators and protectionist markets. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor a significant Hoosier, Mr. Donald S. Powers, who passed away on April 21, 2015. 
for his community service and economic development efforts in my hometown of Munster, Indiana. Most importantly to me, he was a friend and a mentor who was always ready to provide some guidance. More than that, those who claim northwest Indiana as their home can also rightfully claim the same kind of relationship with Don Powers. 
Nation during World War II as a Navy fighter pilot and then again in the Korean war. He was a graduate of Indiana’s beloved Purdue University where he spent several years as president of the board of trustees. 
of Munster’s residential neighborhoods; and, in 1973, Mr. Powers took part in the creation of Community Hospital, which was voted as one of America’s 50 best hospitals 7 years in a row. In 1989, he developed the Center for the Visual and Performing Arts, home to the Northwest Indiana Symphony Orchestra and South Shore Arts. 
to nationwide accolades for the community, even having the town make Forbes Magazine’s 25 top suburbs for retirement. Mr. Powers was highly regarded in the community and throughout Indiana for his philanthropic and business endeavors. 
Speaker, lost one of its best leaders this week, but his legacy will certainly 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
adults who came here through no fault of their own, who have graduated from our high schools, who can pass a background check, who can speak English, and whom the military is asking for to protect and defend the Nation that they know and love the opportunity to actually sign up for the military, to wear the cloth of our Nation, and put their lives on the line. 
they would be eligible for permanent residence in the United States of America. 
an opportunity to create a greater national defense and an opportunity for those kids who know of no other country to call home to actually pledge allegiance and be patriots of this great Nation. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) is 
recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Jersey? 
Speaker, in just a few months in Washington, I have learned that there is always something going on, and this week is no exception to that rule. In the coming days, two very important actions may change life for many of my constituents and Americans across the country. 
and Means Committee, Mr. RYAN, introduced the Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015, legislation that would allow the President to negotiate and to sign trade agreements with limited congressional oversight. The Committee on Ways and Means has reported that legislation out, and I imagine we will be considering it on the floor in short order. Next week, the U.S. Supreme Court 
will hear arguments in Obergefell v. Hodges, which is a case that has the potential to decide once and for all whether every American, regardless of sexual orientation, should have the right to marry and should have access to all of the legal rights and benefits we afford married couples. 
plan to address both of these important issues on the floor of the people’s House this afternoon. I want to start by talking about the legislation that was reported out by the Ways and Means Committee this week. 
track authority, this President and every President elected after him will have the unprecedented authority to negotiate and sign sweeping trade agreements with little opportunity for Congress to intercede on behalf of the many Americans those deals inevitably impact. 
turned out great for American workers here at home, which is all the more important reason that Congress should be able to retain the ability to fight for what is in the best interests of our constituents. After 6 years of secretive negotiations for the TransPacific Partnership agreement, we haven’t been given much motivation to release any of this oversight. 
TPP means that we press fastforward on policies that put American families’ health at risk on policies that are challenging our chemical safeguards, on policies allowing unregulated and potentially contaminated food products into the United States. 
We lose our chance to question policies that would allow foreign corporations to skirt our courts and demand taxpayer compensation when they feel they have been violated by U.S. laws. 
stand up for their interests on TPP and on every future trade agreement to come down the line. We cannot pass the buck on this, and I know that our first speaker today agrees with me. 
I want to talk a little bit about the 
State of New Jersey because the State of New Jersey has seen what can happen when trade deals go bad: factories close, employees are laid off, and cities that have previously made things that have been bought by consumers around the world are suddenly faced with stunted economies and surges in unemployment. 
makes, the World Takes’’—is an illustration of what was a great economy in that locale. That is why it is so important that this body ensures we only sign these agreements when we are sure they will help, not hurt, working families. 
is deeply familiar with the issues in New Jersey, my friend and my fellow freshman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). 
today in opposition of what is being called fasttrack authority. 
deal that, regardless of its impact on American jobs, would go into effect with just a simple upordown vote. We have no other avenue for input, and I think we are seriously misguided. The best indication of that is history, where we have been. 
working up and down the Delaware River, in different plants that manufactured products for not only the United States, but around the world. Now, I go through what is now my congressional district, and I can see the empty boxes which used to be manufacturing, which used to put men and women to work. 
in trying to educate the people of not only my area, but, certainly, of the rest of the country, that this is seriously misguided and that the rhetoric that we heard at the time ended up being the exact opposite. 
19,500 jobs lost and 59 employers who are no longer there. Those empty buildings that we used to call home, that used to pay for college educations, those are dreams erased. I was sent to Congress to create a climate for jobs here in America, and that is my focus. That is why I am so passionate about this issue. 
are just now coming out of the worst economic times since I have been alive—the worst times. Now, what we are seeing and what we are being asked to do is to grant authority to take those jobs—the ones that will take care of our families—and ship them overseas. 
They did it before, and it is going to 
jobs here in America for all of the people, not just for the few who make and own the companies. 
way I can to say ‘‘no’’ to fast track and to say ‘‘yes’’ to American jobs. 
constituents are really relying upon us here to stand up for their interests on TPP because every future trade agreement that comes down the line has an impact on our quality of life and on our opportunities. 
getting ready to hear from knows very well how this trade agreement and how these negotiations are going to impact the communities and the economy of our United States of America. It is my honor to yield to someone who has been fighting furiously for her constituents, who has been adamant about giving a voice to the voiceless, and who has been educating our Caucus on a routine basis. 
Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ). Ms. D ELAURO. Let me say thank you 
to my colleague from New Jersey. I appreciate her kind words, but it is also true that she has been a strong, strong supporter of what this trade agreement might do to working families in the United States because where her heart and soul and where her values are, are going to strengthen the middle class in this country, not take the jobs away, not lower their wages, but make sure they can take care of themselves and their families. 
I was so pleased to see another colleague from New Jersey here as well, and I am proud to join this effort. 
week, I went to Ansonia, Connecticut, which is in my district. I went to a place called the Ansonia Copper and Brass Company. There I was with the gentleman, John Barto, who was formerly the vice president of Ansonia Copper and Brass. John used to work there alongside of hundreds of others. He made specialty metal products, products that were used by U.S. industry and our military. Not so long ago the company employed thousands. Today this site lies vacant. All of those jobs have gone. What closed this plant? Unfair competition from overseas, exacerbated by bad trade deals. 
are the words of a gentleman that I stood with in a hollowedout building where the rain was coming through the roof on Monday because it is vacant and it is becoming just derelict. They are now taking the steel out of there to see what they can do to sell it in order to see what kind of revenue can be raised. 
agreements are always promised to bring money and jobs and prosperity to our country, but they’ve done the exact opposite. We were a supplier to the United States Navy for over 70 years for a very critical part. Now that part is no longer made in this country, and that’s terrible.’’ 
that this is going to be like NAFTA (the North American Free Trade Agreement). There’s something undeniably suspicious about an agreement when you’re not able to see it’’—to read it, to understand what is in it. 
and he did strike a chord when he talked about: 
We’ve long understood that currency manipulation is the driving force behind jobs existing in this country. It hasn’t changed. That’s an issue. We talk about NAFTA, we talk about CAFTA, most recently the Korea free trade agreement, and they are going to change things, bring jobs, help manufacturing. It has done nothing short of the exact opposite. I am living, breathing proof . . . This was a vibrant company. There were 300 peopleplus working here . . . Now there are zero jobs, zero revenues . . . Hundreds upon hundreds of employees, thousands worked here over time . . . generations of families were supported by this company, and it’s with great sadness that we find ourselves here today. The fact is the enemy is ourselves . . . We have got to get our Senators and all of our elected representatives to understand what we’re up against is currency manipulation. I don’t for a second believe that we need to take this deal, negotiate it in the back room. Our elected officials cannot see it. That squashes democracy. It reeks of impropriety. What is going on here where we cannot see this agreement? 
work at Ansonia Copper and Brass. But today, John Barto, a former vice president, is trying to find another job for 
himself and for his family. That is the story that this free trade agreement is all about. 
happening in our manufacturing sector is that problems are leaving people struggling to find middle class jobs. American manufacturing jobs are being lost; foreign products are being subsidized, and those are coming in, and it is about these bad trade agreements. 
the biggest trade agreement of them all, the TransPacific Partnership, and it is a very dangerous prospect for our economy, for our working families. It forces Americans to compete with low paid workers in developing countries like Vietnam, where the minimum wage is 56 cents an hour. It hazards the health of our families by opening up our borders still wider to dangerous, unregulated food, toxic seafood from Malaysia and from Vietnam. It empowers foreign companies to challenge all kinds of U.S. laws, without ever stepping foot inside an American courtroom. It promotes corporate special interests. It relegates labor rights and environmental protections to the sidelines. It does nothing to confront the currency cheats whose abuses have already cost Connecticut over 32,000 jobs. 
give it a rubberstamp to say: You go ahead and complete the negotiations that they have been engaged in for the last 5 years without any congressional input so that they can complete the deal without us knowing what is in this TransPacific Partnership agreement. 
mean? No public scrutiny; limited debate in the House of Representatives; and no ability by Members of Congress, who have the constitutional authority to review free trade agreements, it gives us no opportunity to amend the process. If we wanted to change it, we can’t change it once you have given fast track. 
We have been here before. The administration sought fasttrack authority last year. It failed. They produced another bill that came out of a committee in the United States Senate; and in the House it is exactly the same, almost exactly the same as it was last year. Our view is it is dead on arrival this time as well. 
Barto spoke so poignantly about, which, currency manipulation, when a country devalues its currency, it makes their goods cheaper than our goods. The administration has refused 
trade agreement, and they have said that. They wrote a letter to the United States Senators. That is the biggest link in losing jobs and depressing wages. 
I will finish up on this. What is the 
economic challenge that we face today? People in our country are in jobs that just don’t pay them enough money to pay their bills. Middle class families are struggling. Wages are stagnant today. Why would we want to support a free trade agreement that will only exacerbate this problem? It will not create jobs and, further, it will depress wages. 
and that we are not going to stand by. We are going to exercise our constitutional authority as Members of the House of Representatives. Read this piece of legislation, and it has to reflect not our ideas, but what our constituents believe is the right thing to do on their behalf. 
I can’t thank you enough for organizing this effort today. You can be sure that every single day we are going to be up on our feet and finding the votes to say ‘‘no’’ to fast track and ‘‘yes’’ to the American people and to working families in this country. I thank the gentlelady. 
the gentlelady for having taken this issue and just gone forward with it and having been such an educator of us, of the ones that are new and the ones that have been here and that have taken the time to really speak to the constituents about the impact of this trade agreement and the potential that it has a negative impact on our economy, our safety, our security, our worker protections. I thank you very much. 
people to understand that no one is opposed to trade. We are just opposed to unequal trade. No one is opposed to exporting or importing. We are opposed to not knowing what is in this trade agreement. We are opposed to not having a say in this trade agreement, and we are opposed to anything that creates greater unequal opportunities for the workers of this country to have decent jobs and good wages that are being paid. So I thank you very much. 
whom we love, and any President that we are going to love in the future the authority to do that without our involvement is not what was expected by creating these three coequal branches of government. 
there are two very important issues that our constituents are concerned about, Mr. Speaker, that we are going to speak out today because they are occupying the minds of many of our colleagues over the next few weeks. It is not only this major issue that will be on the minds of American people, but next week, just next week, the U.S. Supreme Court will take up a case that has the potential to fulfill the principles of equality and justice that this 
country stands for. When the court hears arguments in this case, they will have the opportunity to ensure that every American, regardless of whom they love, has access to the legal rights and benefits we give on the Federal and State level to married couples. 
already agree that samesex couples deserve the same recognition that we give heterosexual couples; and just as public opposition has crumbled, so have many of the arguments we have made against giving these couples the same protections we give their heterosexual peers. I am proud to be a member of the LGBT Caucus and to join my colleagues today on the floor this evening as we urge the court to rule in support of equal rights and in favor of marriage equality. 
It is my pleasure now to yield to the 
gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ), a leader in the fight for marriage equality and equality in general for all people. I now ask Mr. TAKANO  
from the great State of California to share his remarks with us. 
Mr. TAKANO. Well, I thank the gentlelady from New Jersey for yielding to me during this Special Order, and I want to give time for us to get set up with our graphics. 
cusp of correcting a longstanding injustice, an injustice that has been embedded into our national psyche and, frankly, our laws for more than 200 years. It is an injustice that says LGBT Americans shouldn’t receive the same rights as everyone else. It is an injustice that the law in many States still says it doesn’t matter how committed LGBT relationships are or how much in love they are. It is an injustice in the law that says LGBT Americans cannot and should not be able to get married. 
Mr. Speaker. Our Constitution says that no person shall be denied equal protection of the laws, and that should include LGBT Americans. To say that it doesn’t matter how committed same sex relationships are is an insult to the thousands of samesex relationships that have been going strong for 30, 40, even 50 years. Gender and sexual orientation should not matter when it comes to the right to marry. What should matter is what is in one’s heart. 
this injustice next week, as it is set to hear oral arguments in a case that could make marriage equality the law of the land. Now, I have never been one to count my chickens before they hatch, but I believe that the Supreme Court will rule on the right side of history. 
marriage equality at a breakneck speed. Ten years ago, only one State had marriage equality; and as you can 
see here, things have changed, as 36 States and the District of Columbia now have marriage equality. 
let us not forget that there are more battles to be fought. As it stands in 28 
States, someone can be fired because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. This puts individuals who live in certain States in a difficult position. I just want to take a moment to point out, this here is a map of where those 28 States are in our country with employment discrimination in the United States. 
I want to tell you the story of Lonnie 
Billard of South Carolina, a high school teacher for more than a decade. Lonnie couldn’t wait to marry his longtime partner when marriage equality came to South Carolina in late 2014. Like so many Americans do, he posted the news of his marriage on Facebook. 
from his assistant principal, and he was fired from his job. 
Speaker, but what does it say about our Nation when people cannot share the happiest day of their life for fear of losing their job? 
with marriage equality and legalized discrimination, we are telling them that they can have the same rights as everyone else, but it is best that they don’t tell anyone about it. 
patchwork map of rights for LGBT Americans. If you look at the marriage equality map, there are 36 States with marriage equality. But if you look at the employment discrimination map, LGBT Americans can be fired in 28 States simply for being who they are. 
Indiana, Alabama, and Pennsylvania— an LGBT American can get married to their partner, but then get fired because of it. 
Every American is granted a certain set of rights, and they should be able to exercise them as freely and openly as they wish. 
Our Nation is becoming a more perfect Union. But until we recognize that LGBT Americans are entitled to all of the same rights and protections as anyone else, full legal equality for LGBT Americans will be incomplete. 
these maps are combined and show that LGBT Americans are receiving full and equal protection under the law. Until then, we fail to live up to our own Constitution. But even when we reach full legal equality, it may take years until we receive equality in the hearts of all Americans. 
equality in the hearts of all Americans, and I know the gentlewoman from New Jersey will fight as well. 
I have to tell you that I am very 
happy to be able to work with you on this issue. As a State legislator, this 
New Jersey. And as we grappled with all kinds of configurations of equality in relationships, we recognized that everything but absolute marriage equality was giving individuals stumbling blocks over very important things like simply being able to visit your loved one in the hospital and making medical decisions for them, or being able to enjoy the financial rights that a heterosexual couple can enjoy. 
is a threatened area to every one of us who at one point has been discriminated against or has been identified as part of a protected class. 
So I thank you for the work that you 
are doing here, and I am your partner in this effort. 
our leader in our Caucus on this and so many other issues, a person who stands up each and every day for the rights of the citizens of this great country. 
her for organizing this Special Order and for her leadership on this issue. She is a new Member, but not a new person to public service, not a new person to leadership, not a new person to fighting for the rights of every American, and I thank her very much for her leadership, her commitment, and her courage. 
the LGBT Equality Caucus for its powerful advocacy on this issue. 
hearing more than just an argument about same sex marriage. It is considering a question fundamental to what it means to be an American. 
founded on the premise that all people are created equal—not the same, but equal—irrespective of the differences. Our Declaration of Independence, as all of us quote so often, says: 
‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men’’—of course, if Jefferson were writing today, it would be either all people or all humankind— ‘‘are created equal, that they are endowed by’’—not a Congress, not by a Constitution, not by a will of the majority—‘‘their Creator’’—by God— ‘‘with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.’’ 
land will be asked to consider whether these words apply to samesex couples who love one another. Many courts have already said that it does. 
households vital legal protections and economic security that we would ask for ourselves. Marriage equality would mean that approximately 250,000 children in America who are being raised in samesex households will see their parents receive equal treatment. One of those families is led by—or 
perhaps his partner would say he leads it—SEANPATRICK MALONEY , with three 
beautiful, loving and loved children. I have seen them all together. They are a happy, healthy family. 
children of samesex households are doing as well as their peers from opposite sex households academically, psychologically, and socially. 
benefits for those who share their lives with and care for their samesex partners. Marriage equality will mean that samesex couples, Mr. Speaker, can make medical and endoflife decisions for their loved one. 
would suggest to you, Mr. Speaker, are the pursuit of happiness. They are tangible benefits and ought to be treated equally under the law in every State of our Union—not in 28, not in 48, but in all 50 and the District of Columbia. 
of millions who have come out to their friends and families, which took a lot of courage, and spoken with their neighbors and coworkers, a majority of Americans now agree that every loving couple ought to be treated equally and have their right to marry recognized. 
three daughters. I have three grandchildren. One of my grandchildren is an adult. All four of those women would say to me: Dad, why is it any of our business who somebody else loves, who somebody else wants to commit to? Why is that our business? Why does it make a difference to us? 
they treat us, whether they obey the law, whether, as Dr. Martin Luther King would say, the content of their character is such that we ought to respect them, not because of the difference of the color of their skin, their gender, their nationality, their religion, or their choice of whom they want to love. 
Born equal, endowed by God with certain unalienable rights, and among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Is there a happier time in one’s life than when one pledges themselves to another? We all gather, we all celebrate, we all wish them well. 
to marry and have their families treated equally in 37 States and the District of Columbia. In the remaining States, however, LGBT residents are watching the Supreme Court with great anticipation. 
Warren’s Court did in Brown v. Board of Education, saying that separate is not equal. Treating people here differently than people here—who love one another—is not equal. 
with our friends in the LGBT community in support of marriage equality and believe, as I do, in a ruling in support of the lower courts that have again and again sided with samesex couples and have said that the law requires, the Constitution requires, that we do in fact live out our promise of treatment on an equal basis. 
Declaration of Independence closer to their full realization, Mr. Speaker. Hopefully, the Court will do that. 
Maryland. I was proud to join in sending an amicus brief to the Court in 
In my State of Maryland, our legislature carried out what MRS. COLEMAN  
and I have said: equality means equality. We passed marriage equality. 
with that and petitioned it to a referendum. I am very proud of the citizens of Maryland. They were the first State to say in a referendum at the polls, We believe equality means equality, and passed this resolution and confirmed that law. 
Jersey, a leader in that State, a leader in our Nation, for leading this Special Order hour. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope we will be able to 
return to this floor over the summer to praise a ruling by the Court that I anticipate will be historic and accurate and one that our Nation can be proud of for generations, indeed, centuries to come. 
Declaration of Independence. Our Nation has not always met that promise. Indeed, we have struggled to realize the reality of that promise. 
Jr., brought that compellingly to America’s attention. In his lifetime, the President whom the majority leader in this House just last week heralded as one of the great figures, great giants in American history, Abraham Lincoln, called the attention of his generation to the gulf between the promise and the practice in America. 
It resulted in a war in which we lost 
more lives in America than any other war in which we have been involved: the Civil War. It is sad that we had to fight. It is sad that we lost lives. But we have redeemed, to some degree, the promise of treating people based upon the content of their character. 
the gentleman from Maryland, and I appreciate the passions with which you have taken on this issue of right and wrong and equality, as you have taken on other issues. Thank you for you leadership. 
seem to have been very diverse issues to bring before the floor at the same time, but they are connected in so many different ways, particularly because our constituents care deeply about both of these issues. 
to move forward, we risk signing up for a trade deal that risks our environment, the health of American families, 
while excusing the reprehensible conduct of many of the governments who would become our new partners, all while putting in the same compromise for future agreements. 
Meanwhile, if the Supreme Court upholds the tenets of justice and equality that our Nation has always valued, LGBT couples across the country will gain the access to the same rights and protections that heterosexual couples expect and enjoy, and the children of those couples will have the confidence and the security of their family’s relationship. I look forward to continuing my work with that. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 19 minutes remaining. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. SARBANES ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
April 24, the arc of the moral universe will intersect with the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. Many will bear witness to that intersection, but sadly, official recognition of the genocide by the United States Government will be conspicuously absent. 
than 1.5 million Armenians were systematically annihilated by Ottoman era Turkish authorities. Men, women, and children were massacred, deported, and condemned to death marches into the Syrian Desert, where they died of thirst and starvation—no final rights, no burial, an assault on the dignity of a dignified and proud people. 
has been acknowledged by innumerable scholars and historians, including the International Association of Genocide Scholars, the Elie Wiesel Foundation for Humanity, and no less than 53 Nobel laureates. The European Parliament and Pope Francis recently joined the chorus that honestly labels this horrific chapter of Turkey’s history a genocide. 
denial, modernday Turkish authorities have now made it clear they were never going to acknowledge the 100th anniversary of the genocide with anything approaching candor, honesty, or the most minimal degree of selfreflection. 
have chosen the genocide anniversary of April 24 to commemorate something wholly different, the 100th anniversary of the landing of British imperial forces at Gallipoli, a landing that actually occurred the next day, on April 25, 1915. 
genocide is no surprise. It is a conditioned reflex that has been codified 
into the laws of the state. In Turkey, anyone who uses the word ‘‘genocide’’ to describe the massacre of the Armenians is subject to criminal punishment under article 301 of the Turkish penal code. 
Obviously, we should have dramatically higher expectations for our own country. That is the reason that, as a Member of Congress who has long supported a resolution to recognize the Armenian genocide, I have dreaded the prospect that the 100th anniversary would come and go without official recognition from either the United States Congress or the President of the United States. 
sense of betrayal felt by the Armenian people and all who support their cause. It is lamentable that, on Capitol Hill, advocacy for recognition is being undermined every day by Turkey’s intense lobbying campaign to block passage of the Armenian genocide resolution. 
In the face of this, it is easy to be 
cynical and angry, but we should remind ourselves and be inspired that, on April 24, hundreds of thousands of Americans will defy the lack of official recognition with their own personal and heartfelt acknowledgment of the Armenian genocide. 
who, at great personal risk, condemn state authorities for their tragic silence. Ultimately, the voices of individual citizens have a special power to move the heart, in this instance, to bless the unmarked graves of 1.5 million Armenians whose own voices and spirits were trampled into the ground 100 years ago. 
This year, I will resist the temptation to mark the anniversary of the Armenian genocide with anger and frustration at the lack of official recognition from those who should know better; rather, I will draw strength from the conviction that the arc of the moral universe will ultimately bend toward justice, toward the eternal memory of those who perished in this undeniable tragedy of history. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. BUCK) is recognized for 60 
for this Special Order on an important subject, the ExportImport Bank. I was just going to start with retelling a story I told at an event not too long ago that I think is important. 
out, I think, all across the country later this afternoon, there is going to be a guy who works second shift at the 
local manufacturing facility. He is going to go out, get in his truck to drive to work. 
shift, which means he has got to miss some of his kids’ Little League games, miss some of his children’s afterschool activities. 
He goes out to get in his truck to go 
to work, and he looks a couple of houses down, and he sees a guy sitting on the front porch, drinking a cup of coffee, reading the newspaper. He knows the guy can work, but won’t work, and is getting his tax dollars. 
He gets in his truck to drive to work, 
and he happens to turn the radio on. It happens to be the news hour. A reporter comes on and talks about the Federal Government’s got an $18 trillion national debt. 
gives money to favored and connected corporations. One of these companies went bankrupt and cost the taxpayers a ton of money. 
what he saw on the front porch of his neighbor’s house. Guess what, this guy is ticked off, and he has every right to be. 
work, there is a lady driving home from work. She teaches second grade at the local elementary school, and she has busted her tail all day long helping her students. 
She views her job as a teacher as a 
mission field, trying to help her students get the skill set they need to start on their path to achieving the American Dream. She has worked hard all day long. 
her radio on, happens to be tuned in to the same station where the same reporter comes on and talks about the Federal Government with an $18 trillion national debt, this program that gives money to favored corporations, connected corporations. This one company went bankrupt, cost the taxpayers millions of dollars. 
her driveway on the same street, sees the same guy sitting on his front porch, drinking coffee, reading the paper. She knows he can work but won’t work, and he is getting her tax dollars. Guess what, she is just as mad as the secondshift worker, and she has every right to be. 
Now, our job, as Members of Congress, is to remember people like the secondgrade teacher and the second shift worker and fight for things they care about. Here is one: they care about this concept that goes on in this town, where connected companies get special deals with their tax money, and they want that to stop. 
We now have a chance to do that, to 
start the process of stopping the corporate welfare, and that is what Mr. BUCK’s Special Order hour is all about, 
stopping the ExportImport Bank from continuing the corporate connectedness, the corporate cronyism, and the corporate welfare. 
Our job is real simple. All we have to 
do is nothing, something Congress is usually pretty good at doing. All we have to do is not reauthorize this Bank, which loans out billions of taxpayer dollars, puts billions of taxpayer dollars at risk, and helps connected corporate entities who got every lobbyist in this town hired to fight for their cause, at the expense of second grade teachers and secondshift workers. 
Let’s show those people we are actually fighting for them. Then once we do that, then we can actually also get into the social safety net, reform that, require work for ablebodied adults, treat taxpayers with respect, help people trapped in our social safety net system get to a better life. 
with those connected companies with the highpaid lobbyists getting the special deals. 
turning it back over to the gentleman from Colorado, who is doing such a great job on this issue, and my good friend from Virginia, who is going to speak as well on this issue and doing a great job, this thing is not only bad because it loans out money, puts taxpayer money at risk, it is corrupt. 
term employee at the ExIm Bank, was indicted on bribery and fraud charges, bribery and fraud charges that go clear back to 2006. 
taking taxpayer money, helping himself, taking bribes from companies benefiting from the ExportImport Bank. 
have had on this issue this Congress, we had the inspector general at the ExportImport Bank say this—and I will close here. He said there may be more indictments in the Gutierrez case. More importantly, he said there may be indictments in the 31—that is right—31 open fraud investigations that the ExIm Bank and the Department of Justice are currently investigating. 
get rid of this thing, I don’t know what is. It puts taxpayer money at risk—corruption, fraud, 31 open fraud investigation cases. Everyone knows it is bad. 
All Congress has to do to end it is not 
a darn thing. For goodness sake, maybe even Congress can accomplish that. 
from Ohio, and I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT). 
honor to follow my fellow Congressman from the great State of Ohio and follow our leader, KENBUCK. 
working on international trade policy and economics for more than two decades. I support free trade and equal treatment under the law. I oppose special privileges. 
gets to the crux of this issue, and I want to go real slowly over this issue 
because everyone knows there is no such thing as free money or a free lunch. Every economics student learns that in their first course in economics. 
point and take our time. If you get free money, right, if a corporation gets free money or you get free money, that is good for you, and you are going to hear a lot of people up here saying: Hey, this hurts business, this hurts my company because I am getting free money. 
someone is paying the tab for that. Guess who that is, that is you. That is the public. That is the taxpayer. You are footing the bill for this free money that falls out of heaven up here, working through special interests and corporate cronies. 
cheap, belowmarket credit to certain exporters. ‘‘Below market,’’ that means the market system is not working, and something has jumped in to distort free markets. Below market is just a fancy way of saying ‘‘disguised subsidies.’’ 
Subsidized exporters and their foreign customers like the goodies. For example, Boeing and its airline customers in the United Arab Emirates, India, South Korea, Chile, China, Ethiopia, and Turkey, among others, appreciate U.S. taxpayers helping to subsidize their planes, or any other good you want to name. 
just looks like a bank that is helping our firms export. But then go and look at the size and the bottom line of the foreign firms who are offering these products more cheaply to their customers, the folks we export to. That is the issue. 
program since they get lighter regulation on U.S. Governmentbacked loans and related products. That is a good thing. But, again, the backstop is you, the taxpayer. If this system ever fails— and we have just seen failure of a massive order with the financial crisis of 2008. And who paid the bill at the end of that failure? The taxpayer. You are the backstop for any failure. 
Hey, I am getting low interest rates— what a great deal. The low interest rates are being paid for by you; and the risk, which is just as important and is easy to hide, is also being borne by you, the taxpayer. 
advance the public interest. ExportImport imposes real costs on you, the American consumer, taxpayers, and other businesses through risk, market distortions, and misallocation of resources. 
this. Export subsidies don’t—do not— increase net exports, and there is plenty of economic literature to support this claim. Sure, subsidized exports increase. Of course they do. But unsubsidized exports—the folks without the deal—drop, and imports increase in response. So someone is getting a benefit, but there is always someone else that is not receiving the benefit, that is being harmed by this free money out of heaven. 
Office noted in a study on ExIm’s jobs claims: ‘‘Additional exports may result in jobs shifting from one firm to another, without an increase in total employment.’’ 
claims: ‘‘Additional exports may result in jobs’’—that is what we care about up here—‘‘jobs shifting from one firm’’— who loses them—‘‘to another’’—who has the free money—but ‘‘without an increase in total employment.’’ 
about. I think you care about increasing total employment, and this program does not accomplish that goal. 
true for production in general and for net exports, which are all part of our GDP. 
by major macroeconomic factors. These are the things we should care about. These are the things that really do improve our economy: worker productivity, United States capital stock, our business climate, and how much we save or borrow. Those are the fundamentals that we need to improve if we want to do better in the rest of the world. And we should also include the United States education system in the mix as well. The ExportImport Bank doesn’t change any of these fundamental market drivers. It just benefits some at the expense of the rest of us. 
enterprise and equal opportunity for all people—equal opportunity. ‘‘Equal’’ means equal, no special deals for anyone. Getting ahead shouldn’t require having friends in Washington, D.C. 
Besides, how can we address the entitlement crisis and the legitimate welfare issues we have on the domestic front, as the gentleman from Ohio, JIM 
reforms if we can’t even tackle a narrow corporate welfare program? 
comparison with the great financial crisis we had in ’07–’08. Fannie and Freddie had a network across 50 States. It was almost a shadow Congress of power that even Members of Congress didn’t want to go up against because they were so powerful. 
Freddie helped to generate mortgages to people who could not pay their mortgages; right? Subsidized rates—is it sounding familiar? Subsidized rates to folks who didn’t have incomes, liar loans, and utter financial collapse starting in the housing sector, spreading over to the financial sector, all too good to be true, all free money falling from heaven, just like I am describing here with the ExportImport Bank. 
And at the end of the day, who paid the 
So the ExportImport Bank is building the same infrastructure throughout the country. They are going State by State by State, Member by Member by Member, saying: Hey, you have companies who really need this special deal. They like the deal. 
good for them, but it is not good for you. 
to end, starting with the end of the ExportImport Bank. 
thank the gentleman from Colorado for the opportunity to rise and speak on this important issue. 
concerns about the future of the ExportImport Bank, particularly with this administration. 
to push extreme environmental policies from the President to guide how it awards their loans. We all know that the President has declared a war on coal; and through his administration, he is doing everything he can to prosecute that war on coal. We have seen the EPA and other departments in this administration, through regulation— not through Congress, but through regulation—attempt to shut down the coal industry and bankrupt the coal industry. The President, himself, said his goal was to bankrupt the coal industry. This, of course, along with the Export Import Bank, is hurting coal companies and costing American jobs as they try to compete in the global market. 
hurt because the ExportImport Bank has awarded loans in countries that do not have to adhere to President Obama’s leftwing environmental regulations. They don’t have an EPA in many of these countries, yet we are financing deals there. Our current President has proven time and again he will use any means necessary to circumvent Congress and the Constitution to promote an agenda the American people just don’t want. 
For example, in 2013, the ExportImport Bank approved a loan in the amount of $694 million in financing for U.S. equipment to develop an openpit iron ore mine in Australia. The mine is owned by the wealthiest woman in the country of Australia. Do you really think she needs U.S. tax dollar support for this project? 
and the Iron Mining Association, these subsidies threaten to displace nearly $600 million worth of U.S. iron ore exports and cause a reduction of approximately $1.2 billion in U.S. domestic sales. The Wall Street Journal recently 
highlighted a $641 million deal the ExportImport Bank made with a Turkish company to build a new fuelproducing plant. According to the CEO of Valero, a company that exports American diesel and gasoline to foreign countries, ‘‘The new Turkish refinery will be a direct competitor of U.S. refineries in the global market.’’ ‘‘It takes away potential export markets.’’ 
Valero, I might mention, has operations in my district, in my State, and in many other States throughout the country. 
Foundation, the ExportImport Bank made a $500 million deal with a copper mine in Mongolia that competes with excavations in Arizona, Utah, New Mexico, Nevada, and Montana. 
to write the laws and make the laws, not the President. The President is the executive branch. He needs to figure this out. The executive branch enforces laws. They don’t make the laws. That is what we do here in the legislative branch. The American people gave Republicans majorities in both Chambers to put a stop to the President’s radical agenda. 
point out is I don’t believe the government should be in the business of picking the winners and the losers. Private investors, you, when you choose to shop, individuals, can pick who you want to support. 
We have a vibrant and highly functioning private banking system. We should let them determine which loans are made to which companies. When the Federal Government inserts itself into the process, you end up with a system where Washington special interests drive decisionmaking, not free market principles. The ExportImport Bank has become the competitor to this private capital and investment. 
support Federal policies that encourage free enterprise and entrepreneurship, not to enter the arena as a competitor to the private sector. The Federal Government should not be in the business of picking winners and losers. Let’s let the marketplace decide who wins and loses. This is the way free markets are supposed to work. 
the traditional values, hard work, and free markets. The ability to create jobs in this country, that is what has made America great. 
We support businesses. Those businesses that create jobs, they have raised more people out of poverty—the businesses and the jobs they create have raised more people out of poverty than any other government program can or ever will. 
to the attention of the American people and this body. This is a serious issue that may or may not come before Congress. If we don’t act at all, the Bank expires; and it is clear from what I have detailed here, there are serious 
throughout my tenure as a State and Federal prosecutor, I saw all of these evils and more. I am disappointed to say that the words I once used to describe whitecollar criminals can now be used to define a federally funded entity. 
know it, the ExIm Bank, has taken advantage of our free market system. An institution that once stood for economic growth, prosperity, and global expansion now stands as a symbol of greed, a pillar of crony capitalism. 
It does not take a trained eye to see 
that the ExIm Bank is exactly what is wrong with Washington today. This 80 yearold institution we once trusted to expand our ‘‘Made in America’’ brand to every corner of the globe has failed to live up to its charter and has, instead, morphed into something else. 
The Bank does not maintain or create jobs. It does not support small businesses as much as its supporters would like you to think. It does not level the playing field for U.S. exporters. It is not even a good deal for taxpayers. The ExIm Bank has become more like a train with no conductor at the helm, running faster and faster, heading straight off the tracks. As so often happens when accountability is slim and punishment is nonexistent, the ExIm Bank has become a breeding ground for corruption, cronyism, and fraud. 
If you think I am wrong, even President Obama agreed with me back in 2008. Before he ascended to the White House, Mr. Obama said that the ExIm Bank was ‘‘little more than corporate welfare.’’ The President is also on record saying: 
U.S. exporters, allowing them to compete based on the quality and price of their goods and services, rather than on the quality of any officially supported financing. 
thing about the Internet is those words never go away, no matter how much you change your tune. 
winners and losers. At worst, ExIm Bank is corruptly accepting bribes, crookedly steering funds to favored foreign companies, and chilling the market for our homegrown companies. 
Delta is suing ExIm Bank because it feels that it is being cheated out of many of its former routes. The airline is on record saying that foreign competitors aided by American taxpayer funded loans from the ExIm Bank can now charge less per flight because they have purchased Boeing aircraft at cheaper prices than our own American companies can. 
Bank’s corrupt practices, following Delta’s suit, Congress mandated that the Bank perform economic impact reviews on all large deals. Take one guess who helped ExIm craft these rules. Boeing. This company received 65.4 percent of the bank’s taxpayerbacked financing to help sell their jets to foreign companies, putting domestic airlines like Delta in a bind. How can Ex Im justify its claims of leveling the playing field and supporting small businesses with these practices? 
Im’s leadership to see how we got to this point. The Daily Caller found that fully half of ExIm’s own advisory committee members led businesses that directly benefited from ExIm financing during their term. Five more members had ExIm funding reach their organizations before joining the advisory committee. And most disturbing of all, if we can have something more disturbing, is that the current advisory committee chair is former Democratic Governor Christine Gregoire of Washington State—Washington State, which receives 43.6 percent of the bank’s total funding. I invite you once again to take one guess at what company is headquartered in Washington State. Yes, you guessed it: Boeing. 
enough, between October 2007 and March 2014, there were 124 investigations linked to corruption surrounding the ExIm Bank. This includes some 792 separate claims involving more than $500 million. The ExIm inspector general also revealed last week that 31 other ExIm Bank employees are currently being investigated for fraud. That brings us to nearly 40 ExIm employees who have already been investigated or are currently being investigated for fraud. 
Reform Committee hearing during the week of April 15, the ExportImport Bank’s inspector general revealed that four seniorlevel ExIm employees were relieved of their duties last summer. These employees were allegedly steering taxpayerfunded loans to favored companies in exchange for cash payments and other kickbacks. A former Congressman is sitting now in Federal prison until 2023 on bribery charges linked to Bank practices. Another former ExIm employee was indicted in the same scheme for soliciting and accepting $173,500 in bribes. The list goes on and on. How can we justify allowing a Federal agency to continue to operate in flagrant disregard of the law? 
cases features a former ExIm loan officer, Johnny Gutierrez. You may remember Mr. Gutierrez as one of the four ExIm employees I mentioned before. He has the dubious honor of being the first of these four to be formally charged with bribery by the Department of Justice. He allegedly accepted cash bribes 19 times between 2006 and 2013 to help direct taxpayerbacked loans to a Floridabased construction equipment exporter, Impex Association. Mr. Gutierrez was apparently 
very good at his job. He secured between $1 million and $5 million to finance Impex Association projects in both Mexico and the Dominican Republic in June 2007. Similar guarantees were also promised to Jamaica and the Turks and Caicos. It is clear this is, unfortunately, not an isolated incident. 
2009, former Democratic Congressman William J. Jefferson from Louisiana was convicted of accepting bribes from U.S. telecom company IGATE and a Nigerian company in exchange for selling access to ExIm Bank employees. Jefferson was even videotaped receiving $100,000 at the RitzCarlton hotel right across the river in Arlington. When Federal investigators raided Jefferson’s house, they discovered over $90,000 in cash stashed away in his freezer. This does not even take into account the former ExIm employee, Maureen Scurry, who was indicted for accepting $173,500 worth of bribes to help the Nigerian company. 
internal poll shows that only 42.1 percent of your employees think the organization’s leaders maintain a high standard of honesty and integrity, and only 50.2 percent of employees believe they can disclose violations of the law without fearing for their jobs, there is something terribly wrong. 
It is time for a change here in Washington. The ExIm Bank is the perfect example of what happens when a single agency is allowed to pick winners and losers. For too long, ExIm employees have been accepting falsified documents, failing to record applicants’ eligibility, and forging mandatory checks on applicants’ financial integrity. There is a systemic sickness poisoning this agency with greed and corruption. It must be stopped, and it must be stopped now. 
This battle may be hard. But it is one 
I feel deep down that we must fight. We cannot allow this corrupt agency to continue picking winners and losers, laughing in the face of our laws and degrading our free market principles. The ExIm Bank is a portrait of exactly what is wrong with Washington today, and it is finally time for a change. That is why I ask you to join me on June 30 in allowing this pillar of crony capitalism to expire once and for all. 
MIDDLE SCHOOL SCIENCE OLYMPIAD TEAM UPON WINNING ITS 13TH CONSECUTIVE SCIENCE OLYMPIAD STATE CHAMPIONSHIP 
BOST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. DUNCAN ) for 30 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize an exceptional group of students, teachers, and parents of the Bell Street Middle School Science Olympiad Team, which just won their 13th consecutive Science Olympiad State championship. Let me repeat that: the 13th straight Science Olympiad State championship, a remarkable group of parents, teachers, and students. 
one of the premier science competition programs in the Nation, which for the past 31 years has been dedicated to interscholastic academic competition that provides a series of individual and 
team events requiring the knowledge of scientific facts, concepts, processes, skills, and science applications. They provide constantly changing challenges to nearly 7,000 teams across all 50 States that allow for students to be exposed to a variety of career choices while meeting practicing scientists and lifechanging mentors. 
Clinton, South Carolina, began competing in this competition in 1986. The Science Olympiad team here was founded by three exceptional teachers: Dr. Rosemary Wicker, Dr. David O’Shields, and Michael Mack. Mr. Mack and Dr. David O’Shields still work in the school district today, and Dr. O’Shields is the superintendent of Laurens County School District 56. He continues to be a part of the team and coaches the Bell Street Middle School Science Olympiad. 
Olympiad alumni have gone on to be extremely successful in the fields of science and technology. One example is Elizabeth Humbert, who went on to obtain a master’s degree in geology at the University of Tennessee and later went on to help manage mastodon excavation at the Paleontological Research Institution in Ithaca, New York. She also participated in the Hyde Park Mastodon Project, which was the discovery of the most complete mastodon to date. She has spent countless hours working in outreach to students through helping to build the Museum of the Earth and through an outreach position at Cornell University for NASA, through which she helped build the STEM internships across the State of New York for underrepresented students. 
Today Elizabeth is living on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia, developing a class for upper elementary school students on their regional ecology and geology. When asked about her love for science, Elizabeth states: My building block, my love for learning, my discovery that I could do what I found interesting, dates specifically back to Bell Street Middle School and to our Challenge classes, to enjoying the freedom and the openended research it offered and to Science Olympiad and the connections it created. 
Science Olympiad, she states it provided her with ‘‘the feeling that being different might not be a burden, but a great blessing and an exciting path to follow. Science for me has always been that exciting path and perhaps an unusual one in 1994. I have been so glad to see more women in the field in these last 20 years. I know Science Olympiad fosters that in all students and creates visions of possibilities that really exist,’’ she said. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe that her statement sums up how valuable this organization has been and continues to be to our Nation’s youth. 
this history of success and innovation with their firstplace finishes in 11 of the State competition’s 20 events. One event in particular required students to create a wheeled vehicle that could travel a specific distance in the shortest amount of time. This year the length of the track was longer than in previous years, and there was a coffee can placed in the middle of the track. I have got a graphic here to kind of show you what that is. Students lost points if the car went over the finish line or didn’t stop close enough to it. 
event, Dillon Snead created a formula based on what he is learning in his geometry class. He created a triangle with a square ruler which he accurated with his car and then used a formula to calculate the distance from the starting point—starting point being here— to the ending point. This allowed him to create an arch with a point 1/12th of the total distance. 
partner, Alyssa Shiflet, were able to create a car that stopped 2 centimeters away from the finish line, winning the team first place. This victory helped the team achieve the overall first place award at the State competition. 
You can look at this Web site and actually watch a video. They had to take a motorized vehicle that they created, calculate the distance, the energy, and the radius to go around an obstacle in the middle of the path, and they stopped it at the other end within 1 centimeter of the finish line. This is an eighthgrade student that did this, helping his class win the first place. I think Dillon Snead’s mathematic abilities are tremendous. I would like to congratulate him. 
this opportunity to congratulate all the coaches and members of this year’s Science Olympiad team from School District 56’s Bell Street Middle School on their 13th consecutive State championship. I will try to read their names without stumbling. If I do, students, I apologize: 
Sydney Argoe, Victor Barcenas, Jordan Barker, Sean Bell, Jonathan Braswell, Sienna Brent, Jakiya Campbell, Erin Caughman, Justin Easter, Mason Gibbs, Cole Gresham, Karl Gustafson, Anjela Gutierrez, Grace Johnson, Matthew Lane, Dequan Lindsay, 
Patrick Nelson, Toni Parenti, Jakob Pountain, Tytajha Robinson, Alyssa Shiflet, Dillon Snead, Destiny Spoone, Bailey Stephens, Maren Vondergeest, Nathan Vondergeest, Gary Walsh, Caitlyn Watson, David Wilkie, and Kari Young. 
team, Mr. Speaker, and while I don’t have all the names of their parents and the teachers, I want to congratulate them as well and thank them for their efforts in helping create our future scientists and innovators, and for challenging these middle school students to be the very best they can be. You see, these things don’t happen overnight. These Science Olympiad teams train weekend after weekend, spending Saturdays and sometimes Sunday afternoons with the teachers and the parents involved, figuring all these mathematic formulas out and figuring out this science. 
I also want to wish the best of luck 
to all of you as you make your way to Lincoln, Nebraska, for the national competition, which is in May. 
God continue to bless these students, their teachers, and their parents; may God put a hedge of protection over them as they travel; may God continue to bless Bell Street Middle School; and may God continue to bless the United States of America. 
I would also like to take this opportunity to finish my comments here today talking about one of my heroes. My dad passed away Tuesday, a week ago, from complications with Alzheimer’s. It is a terrible disease. The Alzheimer’s Association and others are working hard to come up with a cure for that. 
the first in his family to finish college. He went on to send my brother and me to Clemson as well. My brother has one son that has graduated from Clemson, one that is attending, and I have one that is attending. That is because of my father. 
our ‘‘blood runneth orange.’’ When they prepared my dad’s body, I believe they found his blood to truly runneth orange because of his love for our alma mater, and that is Clemson University. 
My dad studied industrial management, textiles emphasis. He went on to be a plant manager and supervisor and, ultimately, vice president at Arkwright Mills in textiles. 
pocket. I think that was the philosophy that helped him succeed not only in life as a general manager or a plant manager or supervisor in the textile industry, not as a member of the community, not as a father, but just as a human being. That is a marble that had a saying on it that was given to us by Jesus Christ, and that is: Do unto others as you would have others 
would want to be treated. I think my dad used that philosophy as he walked the plant floor in the textile mills that he oversaw. I think he treated the people that were pushing the brooms or working on the looms or the spinning frames or actually weaving and spinning or actually the supervisors, I think he treated them all the same. 
that he would want to be treated if he was pushing that broom or if he was working on that spinning frame or if he was actually a weaver and supervisor. 
treated. I think if we are able to do that in life, I think we will go far. I think it is a great motto. It is inspiration to me, so I will try to treat others as well. 
My dad was one of my heroes. I lost 
him on April 14 of this year, Tuesday, a week ago. I am going to miss him. He was proud of what I did, proud of what I have been able to accomplish, proud of me serving this great country that he loved so much, the United States of America. 
If he was at home, he would be sitting in front of the TV, watching C– SPAN, watching me give this speech; and he would be proud. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN) for 30 minutes. 
today to address the Armenian genocide, the first genocide of the 20th century. 
Now, I know a number of other Members were planning to join me—there has been some confusion as to the schedule—but I hope that Members interested in this issue would come to the floor and join me during the next 30 minutes. 
LOWENTHAL , for being at the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific, of which I am the ranking member, so that I can be here on the floor at this important time. 
Mr. Speaker, today, it is the afternoon of April 23 here in our Nation’s Capital; but in Istanbul, it is night. It is about to be midnight, bringing in the 24th of April. As we are here, at this very hour, 100 years ago, agents of the Ottoman Government, the government ruling the Ottoman Empire, went out into the night to arrest the leadership of the Armenian community there in Istanbul, then the capital of the Ottoman Empire. 
effect. Having arrested and killed the leadership of the Armenian community, agents of the Ottoman Empire felt free to go into the ancient Armenian lands of Eastern Anatolia and begin a process of ethnic cleansing, to begin a process of mass murder, to begin a process of sending people into the desert to die or simply annihilating them on the spot, to begin a well thoughtout plan of genocide, the first genocide of the 20th century. 
Now, I am asked: Why is it so important that we remember this genocide? Well, first, genocide denial is the last step of the genocide itself. When I say genocide denial, you might think that, in recounting history of 100 years ago, that I was simply here to commemorate and to mourn. 
modern Turkey has begun and continued a multimillion dollar plan of threats, of lobbying, of secret money, all designed to deny the Armenian genocide. That genocide denial is the last stage of the genocide that began 100 years ago this hour. 
First, in a genocide, a people is destroyed, and then we see the destruction of the memory of their annihilation; but worse than genocide denial being the last step of a genocide, it is the first step of the next genocide. 
henchmen and they wondered whether they could get away with the total destruction of the Jewish people, he was able to turn to them, as he did, and said: 
This genocide denial creates the expectation among other evil men that they can get away with genocide. Why do we here, in the United States, kowtow to Turkey’s demand that we fail to recognize the Armenian genocide? 
Last week, the European Union overwhelming passed a recognition recognizing not only the murders and atrocities that took place in Eastern Anatolia, but also using, as was appropriate, the word ‘‘genocide.’’ 
the word ‘‘genocide’’ for the first time in the history of the Vatican to commemorate this 100th anniversary of massacres. Over 40 State legislatures in our own country and 20 foreign governments have recognized that the acts of the Ottoman Empire against the Armenians in the early 20th century constituted a genocide. 
what thenSenator Barack Obama did and acknowledge that what happened 100 years ago today, what began 100 years ago today, was, indeed, a genocide. 
I see that we are joined by the chair 
of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I yield now to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ). 
colleague from California, and I also rise today on the 100th anniversary of 
the Armenian genocide. Mr. Speaker, that period of time represented a generation of Armenians, a generation lost to assassination, to depravation, to assault, to starvation, 1.5 million souls, a half a million others left homeless, decades of Armenian culture and history and religion erased from the landscape of Anatolia; and, on this significant anniversary, 100 years, we cannot remain silent. 
called on the world leaders to ‘‘oppose such crimes with a firm sense of duty, without ceding to ambiguity or compromise.’’ 
thousands of pages documenting the premeditated extermination of the Armenian people. Our own Ambassador to the Ottoman Empire, Henry Morgenthau, recalled in his memoirs that that Ottoman Empire ‘‘never had the slightest idea of reestablishing the Armenians in a new country,’’ knowing that ‘‘the great majority of those would . . . either die of thirst and starvation, or be murdered by the wild . . . desert tribes.’’ 
elderly Armenian who had survived the genocide only because of a compassionate Turkish family that hid him from sight, and he was the only one in his village—the only Armenian in his village—that survived. 
The U.S. has long been a global leader in promoting human rights around the world. The issue of the Armenian genocide is taught in our textbooks. The French, Swiss, Swedish, German Governments, the Russian Government, they recognized the Armenian genocide, as does the EU. As a global leader in human rights, it is important for the U.S. to stand on principle and recognize the annihilation of the Armenians as genocide. 
first of the 20th century, the blind eye cast to the slaughter of Armenians at the time was a point used by Hitler when he said to his officer corps: ‘‘Who . . . speaks today of the annihilation of the Armenians?’’ 
Yesterday impacts today, which impacts tomorrow. It is much harder to get tomorrow right if we get yesterday wrong. The world’s strength to oppose killing today is made greater by accountability for actions present but also past. It is weakened by denial of accountability of past acts. Not recognizing the Armenian genocide, as such, weakens us. 
I wanted to say a bit about the Near 
East Relief, which was the name of the American charity specifically organized in response to the Armenian genocide. I quoted our Ambassador at the time, Henry Morgenthau, and he very much urged support for this effort. 
collections and with the assistance of charitable organizations and foundations, that committee raised millions in his campaign to save the starving Armenians as the campaign went 
operations, Near East Relief administered an amazing $117 million in assistance. It delivered food, clothing, and materials for shelter by the shipload from America. It set up refugee camps in clinics and hospitals, orphanages, and centers for vocational training. 
Near East Relief is credited for having cared for 130,000 Armenian orphans scattered across a region that stretched from Tbilisi to Yerevan to Istanbul, Beirut, Damascus, and Jerusalem. Where they could find those orphans, they cared for those orphans. 
quite literally kept a people, a nation, alive. Unfortunately, since 1950, hundreds of Armenian religious, historic, and cultural sites have been confiscated. They have been destroyed. They have been vandalized. 
Turkish leaders must act now to prevent losing any more. The United States must keep pressing Turkish leaders until they commit to protecting these sites and to return all confiscated church properties to their rightful owners. 
those Armenians who are living under the threat of violence today. 
targeted for violence by Islamist terrorists due to their religious beliefs, and, in NagornoKarabakh, Armenians have suffered under the greatest escalation of violence along the line of conflict in 20 years. 
first genocide of the 20th century, let us also commit to working for the safety and freedom of their descendents. Such efforts would be a fitting and needed tribute to the innocent victims of the Armenian genocide. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. I want to associate myself with his comments and particularly thank him for focusing our attention on the struggles of the people of Artsakh. 
that, with the support of the Government of Turkey, the Government of Azerbaijan has threatened to shoot down civilian airplanes headed to the Stepanakert Airport. Those are the kinds of threats and intimidation that the people of Armenia and of Nagorno Karabakh face today. 
my colleagues from California for taking the time and effort to come here and to put these very important expressions of outrage into the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD . 
that people today would even consider not acknowledging the fact that there 
that the Turkish people and the people of the United States need to be close. We were in the cold war, and I am grateful to their contributions to our security over the years; but this doesn’t mean that we should not be totally honest with each other and with them as friends in that all of us have made mistakes. Certainly, the United States has committed errors in its past that we should agree to acknowledge. 
putting ourselves in solidarity with the families of those who were victimized 100 years ago by the Armenian genocide. We also express ourselves to our friends in Turkey that this is the time to just acknowledge that, in the past, mistakes were made and that, indeed, it is time to move on and to make sure that people today in Turkey are treated with greater respect for their rights and in continued cooperation with the United States and with other free people in the world. 
I thank my friend Mr. BRAD SHERMAN, who has been a leader on this 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the gentleman for his comments. 
floor where we, today, should be voting on a resolution to recognize the Armenian genocide. Several of us, I believe including the gentleman from California, introduced the Armenian Genocide Truth and Justice Resolution, but that resolution is not on the floor today because of the pressures, arguments, and an incredibly expensive lobbying campaign by the Turkish Government. 
It was 100 years ago today, as I pointed out in the beginning, that 650 writers, lawyers, poets, doctors, priests, and politicians were rounded up, deported, and murdered by the Ottoman Government. No one should give any credence to the argument that somehow these were a few individuals who were acting alone, that this was not a coordinated governmental campaign. There were 1 million to 1.5 million people who died, and it was because of a premeditated and carefully planned effort by the Ottoman Government. 
ally of the United States and that, therefore, we dare not recognize the genocide here on the House floor. 
that we could do that is more important for the people of Turkey than to recognize the genocide and to urge them to do so as well. How will Turkey be a great country in the future if it is so focused on lying about its past? What relationship would we have with the government in Berlin if it were engaged in a Holocaust denial? Who in the world would trust American leadership if the government here in Washington were lying or denying slavery? 
Every nation has a past. Every nation ought to honestly come to grips with that past. 
Then we are told that we cannot recognize the genocide because of threats from the Turkish Government. 
this Congress than in its kowtowing to threats that turn out to be not only outrageous but illusory. Turkey threatened harsh retribution for those countries that recognized the genocide and then took only token steps against Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Belgium, Argentina, and 10 other countries. Some 40 American State legislatures have recognized the Armenian genocide and have not lost a single dollar of exports to Turkey. The greatest attempt by the Turkish Government to muzzle a national legislature was their effort, roughly a decade ago, to prevent France from recognizing the genocide. They threatened an economic boycott. In the 6 years that followed France’s courageous recognition of the genocide, exports from France to Turkey increased fourfold. 
The only thing worse than kowtowing to ridiculous and outrageous threats is kowtowing to ridiculous and outrageous threats that turn out to be illusory paper tigers. 
how outrageous it is for Turkey to be threatening the United States, because look at what we have done for Turkey. 
have saved them from communism and the Soviet Union. We disbursed over $23 billion in aid. We prevented the creation of a fully sovereign and independent Kurdish state. We helped build the pipeline that brings them oil today, and we have been the loudest voice in urging that Turkey be admitted to the European Union. After we have done all of that, they say it is not enough and that we have to be accomplices 
with them in denying and in hiding the first genocide of the 20th century. 
Congress to show that America is worthy of world leadership, not only because of our values of freedom and democracy, but because we have the courage to acknowledge the facts that actually occurred, and we are not tempted to gain some sort of illusory alliance advantage by denying the greatest crime that a nation can commit. 
who survived the genocide—or the nieces and nephews of those who died— come to the end of their days, that America should recognize this great genocide. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) for 30 minutes. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, 
let us note in this great hall of freedom that this is the culmination of over 200 years of sacrifice and hard work and commitment by generations of Americans who started back in the 1700s to build a country that was based on freedom, liberty, and a democratic ideal of which all people’s rights are respected and laws are made by the consent of the governed and that, indeed, we could have established a government at the Federal level which had its areas of authority but where other authority was vested in the States and in the people, themselves. This great, wondrous experiment of democracy is in great danger today from a number of areas. 
Islam on the rise, and they would like to terrorize the population of Western civilization, especially those of us in America. We also have people who fear forces within our own society. Ironically, one of the things most our people fear is that our own government is out of control and that we have a government today that in no way matches the model that our Founding Fathers had in mind for the United States of America and for the people of this country at this time. 
city on a hill, and what we have instead is an evermore controlcentered government that is not democratically oriented but is, instead, run for special interests, run by crony capitalists, run by bureaucrats in the Nation’s Capital themselves, run by rogue elements within our own government, run by a too decentralized system that has emerged over these last several decades. 
The United States was created by individuals who proclaimed a commitment to liberty and to the pursuit of happiness and life. Even as the Declaration of Independence declared our independence from Great Britain, we declared we were, instead, not just a country that was free of Great Britain but that we were going to be a special country in which people’s rights were respected. 
Even as we did declare our independence in that same document, what did we do? 
going on of the great oppression that our Founding Fathers were experiencing by the British, who were trying to suppress their desire for liberty and independence—many of those items that were declared in our own Declaration of Independence that were reason enough for us to declare independence and to declare ourselves revolutionaries and patriots. Instead, we see many of those same items now being part and parcel of our own government. Our own bureaucracy claims the right to do some of the things that our Founding Fathers felt should have been left to the people and should not be permitted by any government. 
prominent role in the degree of freedom that is enjoyed by our people. The second issue that I will mention gets a lot more publicity than the first, but the first issue that I would like to talk about today, which is a dramatic diminishing of the freedom and liberty of our people, is a bill that is designed to dramatically change our patent system. All of a sudden, there are yawns. ‘‘Oh, the patent system. Who can understand that?’’ No. It is very easy to understand. 
Constitution that Americans would have the right to own and control the product of their own creative genius for a period of time, that way we would encourage people to innovate, to come up with new ideas. And, in fact, that patent concept was so revolutionary that it was what catapulted America into a major power in the world. 
and the prosperity of the average person and the rights of the average person were respected. Much of this can be traced back, yes, to the Constitution, to rights, and especially the patent rights because people had a right to own for a period of time the product of their own creative genius. 
We developed the technology that uplifted America’s middle class. We have a working group in this country who have always had a higher standard of living than other countries in the world. Now, why is that? People all over the world and in the United States work very hard. There are hardworking people all over the world, but it was here where hardworking people were able to prosper; people were able to live in dignity, to have families, to look forward to owning things of their own that they could then possess and enrich their own lives. There was nothing wrong with that, and, in fact, it was our technology that permitted that to happen. 
legal foundation, as I say, in our own Constitution. Benjamin Franklin saw to it, that wise man, and our other Founding Fathers who listened to him and were captured by the idea. Thomas Jefferson, another man who believed in technology, Benjamin Franklin, these were people who knew that with freedom and technology there is no limit to what America can accomplish, and they set out to build the most creative, the freest, the most prosperous land of all, and they succeeded. 
away from our freedom every day. This attack on the patent system, while it is stealth and not many people are seeing it, is a huge attack on the well being, the prosperity, the security of the American people. 
trying to bring about these changes in our patent law that will hurt the little guys, hurt the individual inventors, make sure that the American people 
don’t see this as an individual right but look at it as something that corporations do? No, no. What we have are huge multinational corporations that are trying to do their best to undermine the patent rights that we have enjoyed as Americans for over 200 years. 
rights of the American people, and we are talking about crony capitalism at its worst in that these are huge corporations having their say in the Nation’s Capital and in Congress because they have influence here. 
being bought off in their votes. I am not saying that at all. But as this system works, every Member of Congress and every person here, just like most Americans, is busy with their lives and busy with specific responsibilities; and what we have are these huge multinational corporations that have basically given campaign donations, not to buy a vote, but to buy someone’s attention. 
So only about 10 percent of the people here know anything about these patent proposals that are now working their way to the floor of the House. These 10 percent, unfortunately, they know. Over the years, they have been given donations by major multinational corporations who explained their point of view. It is just that the other side has never gotten explained, and nobody knows about the other side. 
the floor a bill, H.R. 9, that will greatly diminish the patent rights of average Americans, of the little guy in a way that it will help these great multinational corporations steal the technology that they did not create. This is the big guys versus the little guys; and I will tell you that the little guys don’t always win, and the big guys don’t always win. But if the little guys become active and they make sure that their Representative in Washington knows what is going on and knows that they stand for a strong patent protection of the American citizens, of patent rights for the American people, the little guys will win; otherwise, the crony capitalists, these major, huge multinational corporations who don’t care about the American people. They care about their profit at the end of the year, which may or may not go into America’s warehouse or America’s banks. It may go overseas, because these are multinational corporations who know no allegiance to the United States. 
So what we have got is a bill coming 
before the House, H.R. 9. Every one of the provisions in this bill has been designed to weaken the ability of American inventors to be able to defend their patent rights in court against major corporations that are trying to steal from them. 
did we get to this point where a bill may come to the floor—and it passed last year. We stopped it in the Senate. But how is that possible? Well, it is 
possible not because these multinational corporations said: Oh, we want to weaken the patent protection of America’s inventors. No. They said: We have got a problem with trolls. 
years ago, they weren’t talking about trolls. They were talking about submarine patents. There is always some sinistersounding threat that is being used in order to try to diminish the actual patent protection of our average inventor. Today it is ‘‘trolls.’’ 
mean? A troll, according to these corporations, is someone who did not invent something but has purchased the patent rights from the inventor mainly because that inventor maybe doesn’t have the money to actually go and to enforce his or her own patent rights upon some huge corporation. So you have some people who come along who have got resources and say, ‘‘I will be your partner;’’ or, ‘‘Hey, I will just buy 
our whole process. You take that away—which is what these big corporations want to say: Unless you invented it, you can’t make a profit from it. No, no, no. This is a property right, and if they take that away, individual inventors will never be able to raise the money for their own research, individual inventors won’t be able to sell their product. Thus, the number of people who can buy it from them will be so greatly diminished that the value of their patents will be dramatically cut by this bill. 
But of course these huge corporations don’t care. They just want to use other people’s ideas and creations for their own profit. They don’t care what happens to these little guys; although we know that it is the small inventor that comes up with the genius that changes the lives of people. But of course these huge multinational corporations are only interested in a profit at the end of the fiscal year. 
Well, this is a huge threat, and people are being told that the trolls—these are people who didn’t invent, and thus, again, they are going to benefit anyway by bringing the lawsuit. Well, what they describe and try to claim are that the lawsuits brought on are mainly frivolous lawsuits. Well, let me just note, we have a problem with frivolous lawsuits throughout our system. 
frivolous lawsuits in every area of our economy. Yes, there are frivolous lawsuits, but this is the equivalent of saying, because some lawyers have frivolous lawsuits, we are going to totally decimate the rights of the American people to sue anyone who has caused them damage. No, no. We don’t want to eliminate the rights of the American 
Let me note that the frivolous lawsuit end of this equation has already 
continue to press for H.R. 9 because their real goal is to diminish the rights of American inventors to sue huge multinational corporations who are stealing their technology. 
where did this come from? To show how cynical this debate is, the word ‘‘troll’’ has actually been created as a PR device to trick the American people into believing that the changes they are bringing about are going to hurt some scurrilous person, a troll, when in fact every provision we are talking about hurts the honest little guy who is struggling to develop new technology or the fact that, if he develops something important but doesn’t have the ability to enforce it, he can at least enforce it by selling it to someone who will give him a price for his property. By the way, it is only for about 15 years or so that someone is going to own that, but he has a right to do that. But we are going to eliminate that right for the little guy so that he and nobody else can sue a multinational corporation that is stealing from him. 
about? I talked to a business executive who was in the room with various business executives from major corporations trying to decide: How will we deceive the American people? What we can do is build up a straw man and make it sound like, oh, this is a horrible person, this straw man; thus, we are going to pass laws against that straw man when, in reality, they are trying to get the little inventor over here. 
around: What really scurrilous name can we think of? My friend told me: Well, I actually put into the hopper that we should call them patent pirates. Well, that wasn’t scurrilous enough. That wasn’t sinister enough because one of them came up with trolls, patent trolls. Well, okay, patent trolls. That is just how cynical this is, that we have businessmen who are sitting in a room trying to decide what word can be used to fool the American people into acquiescence into letting their inventors have their patent rights decimated. 
One big problem is it is not just the 
small inventors that are hurt by this change of patent law. Our universities, which now have many patents, our laboratories, which come up with so many new innovations, they are hit dramatically by this. This would probably decrease the value of our patents and people who have whole collections of patents as part of their economic package; it decreases their value perhaps by 50 percent. 
The major universities stepped forward and stopped it in the Senate, this bill, last time. Well, H.R. 9 is coming up again. We need to stop it here, and we need to stop it in the Senate. Whether you are someone who depends on a job that is a technologyrelated job, whether you work at a university or a technology laboratory, we need to 
make sure that the freedom of technology development is maintained in our country. This is necessary for my colleagues and the American people to become active. The little guys can win as long as we are active. We can beat the crony capitalists who try to diminish our freedom. 
The second bill I would like to mention today is H.R. 1940. H.R. 1940 was submitted by me yesterday. Basically, I would like to call the attention of my colleagues and the American people to the importance of H.R. 1940. What it does is sets a policy concerning the Federal Government that if a State government has legalized the medical use of marijuana last year—now, we are going to include whatever marijuana laws are on the books of various States—that the State law should be what is respected and not the Federal Government coming in to States and local communities where people have decided that they don’t believe that the police and Federal action and court action should be used against people who use marijuana. 
part of our appropriations process and for DOJ and basically said, for medical marijuana, if a State has a law that legalizes medical marijuana, the Federal Government cannot come in and supersede that State law. In H.R. 1940 I extend that. It will be the same as it was before, only this will also include States that have basically made marijuana for personal use legal. 
10th Amendment to the Constitution. Let’s respect states’ rights. Let’s respect local communities’ rights to control what is going on in their communities. Let us not have an aggressive Federal law enforcement bureaucracy making decisions for us and superseding what local people want to do with criminal justice in their own neighborhoods. 
hope my colleagues read this and take this into consideration, perhaps coming on board to support this effort. 
medical marijuana and put it in as an amendment that said that the Federal Government can’t use any of those resources to supersede State law. We got that in last year. And there were 50 Republicans that signed onto the argument that the States have a right to make their determination on these types of things. 
the Federal Government to have criminal justice control over this country. That was supposed to be left at the local level and at the State level. Our Founding Fathers did not want there to be a Federal police force. 
a militaristic Federal police force that comes into people’s neighborhood and now is insisting that even if a State and local community doesn’t want 
something illegal, we are going to enforce a Federal law on them that is a criminal justice law that the local people don’t even want. 
That is not what our Founding Fathers had in mind. Our Founding Fathers wanted local people to control their communities and wanted criminal justice to be a State issue. They didn’t want to have the Federal Government to have such control over our lives. 
we passed that law here in this Congress—it won by a solid majority—that we would not supersede State law when it came to medical marijuana. Yet we have prosecutors in the United States who are still moving forward, filing charges, bringing people to court, even though the States in which they are in have agreed to legalize the medical use of marijuana. These rogue prosecutors are thumbing their noses at the law. 
This is what happens when government gets out of line, gets away from the Constitution. The Constitution want us to control our lives at the local level and the State level. They want the Federal Government to handle things that are international and across State borders and are important for trade, et cetera, and our national security. They did not have in mind that we would have Federal prosecutors coming in and stepping on local authority and stepping on local prosecutors and insisting on people being prosecuted, even when the United States Congress is telling them not to do it. 
threat to our freedom is an understatement. We need to pay attention to this because we have built up in the name of protecting people from themselves a law enforcement drug policy that is a dramatic threat to the freedom and wellbeing of the American people. 
force. Policemen used to be known as peace officers. When I was a kid, they were peace officers. ‘‘I am a peace officer.’’ That means they were there to protect us from each other. 
into the police being called law enforcers. Well, think about what that does. You change the relationship between the law, between the police, and between the citizenry. We have created animosity, we have created fear, we have created violence where there wasn’t violence. 
because they have a baggy of marijuana, that is unconscionable. Breaking into their home with guns drawn— and this happened. And, of course, we have an Attorney General who is insisting not only are we going to supersede states’ rights, but we are going to have asset forfeiture. So if someone is providing medical marijuana for one of our veterans or for some people who are suffering, we are not going to give the parents the choice, or someone 
agony, the chance to try medical marijuana. No, no. What we are going to do if somebody does that is seize their property. We are going to seize the property of the person that sold them the marijuana to alleviate their suffering. 
Founding Fathers had in mind. This is contrary to the ideal of American freedom and respect for individual rights. 
writers, as everyone knows, and I have been a Republican all my life, and here I am with my fellow Republicans, and we talk about getting the government off our backs. We talk about states’ rights. We talk about individual responsibility all the time. And we talked lately about the doctorpatient relationship as being so important to us. 
And then we turn around and a majority of my colleagues on the Republican side vote to have the Federal Government come in and step all over state’s rights, step all over the rights of the individual to control his life and consume for himself, make his own determinations. 
Individual freedom, limited government—these are things that we supposedly believe in, but when it comes to the drug issue, no, no; we think the Federal Government has to come in and make that determination for people in their own lives. 
legislation will take a long step forward to making this a public issue. We should be debating this. 
My first legislation that was successful was last term in Congress, the one that these arrogant prosecutors are ignoring now that has actually been put into law that they can’t use their own resources, meaning their pay, their time, and their office in order to prosecute medical marijuana, but yet several of them are doing exactly that. That shows you how the law and how our constitutional rights are being threatened. 
friends who are more conservative would have. I did not know that. I 
didn’t know that maybe some of them would just say: Well, that is a lot of baloney, and just go on using the cliches about the states’ rights and individual freedom and not really confront my argument. That is what I thought most of them would do. 
mine just to see what he would say. He is a retired naval officer—a pilot—and he is a typical conservative voter in my district, or in our area in southern California. 
the fact that the guy you supported these years is now the point person in legalizing medical marijuana? And this officer said to me: You know, you don’t know me very well, do you? 
me. You are a retired military officer, and you are now engaged in the aviation business. And he said: Yes, but what you don’t know is I have three 
I said: Yeah. And he said: Let me tell 
you what happened. Two of my sons came home whole. One son came home having seizure after seizure after seizure every day. 
marches off to war, and there he is, and you can’t control the situation. He is having seizures. 
They took him to the veterans hospital, and the veterans hospital couldn’t do anything to help him. And then one veterans doctor pulled him aside and said: Come and see me off campus. I have got to tell you something. He said: Here is a prescription for medical marijuana. That is what your son needs. I am not permitted to tell you that at the VA hospital. 
mine said: My son hasn’t had a seizure since. I saw him just a while ago, and he said: It has been 4 years, and my son is still not having seizures. How do I feel about you being the point man on legalizing medical marijuana? I want to give you a big hug. 
whose parents are dying or their family, their children, are going through seizures. My child recently had a problem with leukemia. Why would I think that, if she was having a seizure and that would help stop it, that the Federal Government should step in and prevent that? 
American people need to wake up. My bill will take us a step in the right direction. 
H.R. 1940. Do it because we believe in freedom. Do it because we believe in the wellbeing of the American people, and we believe in the system that our Founding Fathers decided of ultimate individual responsibility and freedom. That is what we are deciding, as well as the issue of whether or not some poor suffering soul shall be prevented from getting something that might alleviate their suffering. 
Government. We need to stand tall on this. My colleagues need to be honest and open with their own constituents, and they will find that they are more supportive than they think. 
With that said, I yield back the balance of my time. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 55 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until Monday, April 27, 2015, at 8 p.m. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 172. A bill to designate the United States courthouse located at 501 East Court Street in Jackson, Mississippi, as the ‘‘R. Jess Brown United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–89). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. SHUSTER: Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. H.R. 1690. A bill to designate the United States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’ (Rept. 114–90). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 1981. A bill to amend the Fair Labor 
Standards Act of 1938 to provide that an employee’s ‘regular rate’ for purposes of calculating overtime compensation will not be affected by certain additional payments; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. T IPTON , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
Mr. J ORDAN , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. H URT 
of Virginia, Mr. D UFFY , Mrs. L OVE, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
MULVANEY , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. L ANCE , 
Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
Mr. R OTHFUS , and Mr. I SRAEL ): 
Investor Protection Act of 1970 to confirm that a customer’s net equity claim is based on the customer’s last statement and that certain recoveries are prohibited, to change how trustees are appointed, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1983. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to ensure that the receipts and disbursements of the Social Security trust funds are not included in a unified Federal budget and to provide that Social Security contributions are used to protect Social Security solvency by mandating that Trust Fund monies cannot be diverted to create private accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. D EFAZIO (for himself, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. S LAUGHTER ): 
H.R. 1984. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and title II of the Social Security Act to repeal the cap on compensation subject to the payroll tax, to reallocate payroll tax revenue to the Social Security Trust Funds, to apply the CPIE to Social Security costofliving increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
gray wolves in Washington, Oregon, and Utah as endangered species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. ROUZER (for himself, Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. J ONES , Mr. W ALKER , Mrs. 
H.R. 1986. A bill to repeal the Environmental Protection Agency’s most recent rule for new residential wood heaters; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1987. A bill to authorize appropriations for the Coast Guard for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1988. A bill to provide for the waiver 
of the Medicaid IMD limitation in order to permit Medicaid coverage for substance use disorder treatment services furnished to certain individuals in a communitybased institution for mental diseases; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
COFFMAN , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. D OLD, Mr. N UNES , Mr. 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mr. 
H.R. 1989. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to authorize the enlistment in the Armed Forces of certain aliens who are unlawfully present in the United States and were younger than 15 years of age when they initially entered the United States, but who are otherwise qualified for enlistment, and to provide a mechanism by which such aliens, by reason of their honorable service in the Armed Forces, may be lawfully admitted to the United States for permanent residence; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Water Pollution Control Act to prohibit certain discharges of dredged material into the Great Lakes System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1991. A bill to extend the authority of 
the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to carry out the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COOK (for himself, Mrs. LUMMIS, Mr. H IMES, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. V ALADAO , 
Mr. S CHRADER , and Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California): 
royalty required to be paid for sodium produced on Federal lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1993. A bill to permit the chief executive of a State to create an exemption from certain requirements of Federal environmental laws for producers of agricultural commodities, and for other purposes; to the 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1994. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
H.R. 1995. A bill to prohibit the Department of Housing and Urban Development from implementing certain regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1996. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to prohibit the assignment of social security account numbers to certain individuals seeking employment in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
RODGERS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. S IMPSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. B UCK, and Mr. 
H.R. 1997. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to provide certain Western States assistance in the development of statewide conservation and management plans for the protection and recovery of sagegrouse species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
herself, Mr. POEof Texas, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C LAY, Mr. 
Ms. M ENG, Ms. B ASS, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. CHABOT , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and 
the Human Exploitation Rescue Operative (HERO) Child Rescue Corps, a Cyber Crimes Center, a Child Exploitation Investigations Unit, a Computer Forensics Unit, and a Cyber Crimes Unit to support the mission of the Homeland Security Investigations directorate of United States Immigration and Customs Enforcement to combat the exploitation of children; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1999. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to deny the right to grant retransmission consent to a television broadcast station if an AM or FM radio broadcast station licensed to the same licensee transmits a sound recording without providing compensation for programming and to prohibit the Federal Communications Commission from imposing radio tuner mandates for mobile devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
WILSON of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and 
H.R. 2000. A bill to provide for a competitive grant program for apprenticeship and internship programs through the Manufacturing Extension Partnership Program; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 2001. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to clarify the conditions under which certain persons may be treated as adjudicated mentally incompetent for certain purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2002. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend expensing of environmental remediation costs; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
COOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
Ms. S INEMA , Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. G RAHAM, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. M URPHYof Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M OULTON , 
Payments Elimination and Recovery Improvement Act of 2012, including making changes to the Do Not Pay initiative, for improved detection, prevention, and recovery of improper payments to deceased individuals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2004. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for more effective online education verification metrics; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2005. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to require drug manufacturers to provide drug rebates for drugs dispensed to lowincome individuals under the Medicare prescription drug benefit program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ensure that projects that assist the establishment of aerotropolis transportation systems are eligible for certain grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2007. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a grant program to assist the development of aerotropolis transportation systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2008. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for clarification regarding the children to whom entitlement to educational assistance may be transferred under the Post9/11 Educational Assistance Program; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2009. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain land inholdings owned by the United States to the Tucson Unified School District and to the Pascua Yaqui Tribe of Arizona; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2010. A bill to require the periodic review and automatic termination of Federal regulations; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2011. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to remove the authority of the Secretaries of the military departments to revoke combat valor awards; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Stevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act to authorize competitive grants to support programs that address needs of fishing communities; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the authorization of appropriations for the Carol M. White Physical Education Program and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of the Interior to carry out programs and activities that connect Americans, especially children, youth, and families, with the outdoors; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be 
subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
seminars at United States ports of entry to improve the ability of U.S. Customs and Border Protection personnel to classify and appraise articles that are imported into the United States in accordance with the customs laws of the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H.R. 2016. A bill to end the use of body 
gripping traps in the National Wildlife Refuge System; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to improve and clarify certain disclosure requirements for restaurants and similar retail food establishments, and to amend the authority to bring proceedings under section 403A; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2018. A bill to ensure that the Metropolitan Washington Airports Authority complies with auditing standards; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2019. A bill to prevent the reclassification of certain ammunition as armor piercing ammunition; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2020. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to include foreign terrorist organizations as enemies of the United States for purposes of treason, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2021. A bill to prohibit the expenditure of Federal funds to Amtrak; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. RANGEL , Mr. 
Georgia, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mrs. 
MCNERNEY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. P OLIS, 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to create a demonstration project to fund additional secondary school counselors in troubled title I schools to reduce the dropout rate; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCHRADER: 
H.R. 2023. A bill to reduce the annual rate 
of pay of Members of Congress if a Government shutdown occurs during a year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
VARGAS , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. J ACKSONLEE): 
providers and smartphone manufacturers to give consumers the ability to remotely delete data from smartphones and render 
smartphones inoperable; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
LEWIS, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
POCAN , Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
ALLARD , Ms. E STY, Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. P INGREE , 
H.R. 2025. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to provide for equal treatment of individuals in samesex marriages, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2026. A bill to enhance the sexual assault prevention and response program of the Department of Defense; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
and lasting peace in northeast Nigeria and areas affected by Boko Haram through development of a regional strategy to support multilateral efforts to successfully protect civilians and eliminate the threat posed by Boko Haram, to support efforts to rescue female students abducted in Nigeria on April 14, 2014, as well as other kidnapping victims of Boko Haram, and to provide funds for humanitarian relief, development programs, transitional justice, and victim support, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
BYRNE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of 
Indiana, Mr. C LAY, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
COURTNEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
LANCE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. N EAL, 
Mrs. N OEM, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S TEWART , 
HOLLEN , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. Y OUNG  
the establishment of a Presidential Youth Council; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Georgia, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. L EWIS, Ms. C ASTOR of 
H. Con. Res. 41. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the people of United States have the Constitutional right to record law enforcement authorities, and they have the full protection of the law to the possession of the recording devices, and full protection of the law regarding data saved on the recording devices; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. D OLD, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. E NGEL ): 
Government of Iran’s statesponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of the International Covenants on Human Rights; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
RYANof Ohio, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
RUIZ, Mr. V ELA, Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. 
GABBARD , Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. L EE, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
CAPPS , Mr. B ERA, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , 
KENNEDY , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. K USTER , 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. T ORRES , and Ms. 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘National Stress Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1981. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). 
H.R. 1982. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 1 (‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’), 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’), and 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’). 
H.R. 1983. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 1984. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 1985. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Commerce Clause’’ of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1986. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution. The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1987. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1988. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1989. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, 16, and 18), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia; and to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the foregoing powers. 
H.R. 1990. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all Laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1991. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the 
H.R. 1992. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1993. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3—The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with Foreign Nations, and among several States, and with Indian Tribes. 
Delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. 
H.R. 1994. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1995. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 affords Congress the power to legislate on this matter. The executive branch, through the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), has misinterpreted its authority under the Fair Housing Act of 1968, as demonstrated in its Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing Rule. Two cases before the United States Supreme Court—Magner v. Gallagher and Mount Holly v. Mount Holly Gardens Citizens in Action—were settled less than a month before the Court entertained oral arguments. The plaintiffs were concerned that their challenges would not be affirmed by the Court. The Court is currently considering a case, Texas Department of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclusive Communities Project, which may set a precedent for the issue of ‘‘disparate impact.’’ Regardless, Congress has the legislative authority to address the Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing rule head on and prevent that rule, or any substantially similar successor rule. 
Section 3 of the bill promotes a core component of our republic known as federalism. It requires the executive branch, through HUD, to consult with State and local officials to further the purposes and policies of the Fair Housing Act. 
H.R. 1996. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1997. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 1998. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this bill rests is the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 2000. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; 
H.R. 2001. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2002. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2003. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2004. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United 
H.R. 2005. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clauses 3 and 18 of the 
H.R. 2006. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2007. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2008. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2009. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
power to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2011. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the US Constitution, 
which allows Congress ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces’’, and ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof’’. 
H.R. 2012. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2013. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 2014. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2015. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2016. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2017. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act. 
H.R. 2018. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 2019. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2020. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to 
H.R. 2022. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
article I, section 8, clause 4 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 2023. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §6 
H.R. 2024. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, which states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ In addition, this legislation is introduced pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution, which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 2025. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2026. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 2027. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article 1, 
H.J. Res. 47. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. L ONG, and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 237: Ms. G ABBARD and Mr. R OYCE . 
H.R. 251: Mr. C ONYERS and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 539: Mr. H ANNA and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 611: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 653: Mr. L EWIS and Mr. V ARGAS . 
H.R. 664: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. M AXINE WATERS  
of California, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. J OHNSON  
of Georgia, Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. W ALZ, 
Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , and Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi. 
H.R. 680: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
H.R. 711: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C APUANO , and 
H.R. 745: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 842: Ms. Adams, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and 
H.R. 855: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 879: Mr. H ECK of Nevada and Mr. 
H.R. 880: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. 
H.R. 893: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. S MITH 
of Texas, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
VARGAS , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. 
JOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. R USH, Mr. K INGof 
Iowa, Mr. D OLD, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. S IMPSON , 
Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. D ENHAM . 
H.R. 907: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C HABOT , and Ms. 
H.R. 969: Mr. B OUSTANY , Ms. Maxine Waters 
of California, Mr. C LEAVER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
H.R. 980: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1174: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 1233: Mr. S TIVERS . H.R. 1258: Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. 
H.R. 1274: Mr. C APUANO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
Mr. P OCAN , and Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAMof New Mexico. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mrs. B ROOKS  
DOLD, Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. B ABIN, and 
H.R. 1342: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. E STY, Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 1387: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. H IGGINS , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT and Mr. N ORCROSS . 
H.R. 1462: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. Rogers of Kentucky, and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1493: Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S HERMAN , 
H.R. 1523: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. Z INKE, and Mr. 
H.R. 1541: Mr. Ben Ray LujA ´n of New Mexico, Mr. V ELA, Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. M CNERNEY. 
H.R. 1557: Mr. C HAFFETZ , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
H.R. 1559: Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. C OHEN , and 
H.R. 1571: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. D ENT, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. R EED, and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1572: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 1599: Mr. F LEISCHMANN and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1604: Mr. R OGERS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 1607: Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. D ELBENE, 
H.R. 1608: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. P ETERSON , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. P OCAN , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. P ETERSON , 
H.R. 1654: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 1701: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 1718: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 1732: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. M ICA, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H ANNA , 
H.R. 1801: Mr. H INOJOSA and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1833: Mr. V ELA, Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. M CNERNEY . 
H.R. 1842: Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. N UNES , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. E LLISON. 
H.R. 1845: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
H.R. 1857: Ms. K APTUR and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1858: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , and 
H.R. 1886: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. V ALADAO , and 
H.R. 1902: Ms. L EE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1924: Ms. V ELAQUEZ , Mr. D ANNY K. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1937: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
H.R. 1968: Mr. P ALAZZO and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, 
Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. F LEMING , 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H. Res. 50: Mr. S IRES and Mr. S HERMAN . 
H. Res. 95: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 128: Mr. J ONES and Mr. R OUZER . 
H. Res. 130: Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mrs. B EATTY , 
Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. D ELANEY . 
H. Res. 147: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and 
H. Res. 176: Mrs. B USTOS and Mr. R YAN of 
H. Res. 181: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
H. Res. 207: Mr. C OOPER and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H. Res. 211: Ms. S PEIER , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2361 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2015 No. 60 