Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. ABRAHAM led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
today to pay tribute to the life of Bill Carey, a beloved central New York television and radio journalist. 
voice could be heard in households throughout central New York. His stories were always memorable. He possessed the stunning ability to transform ordinary news into a fascinating story. Bill’s love for his work earned him a special place in the hearts of central New Yorkers. 
here in Washington by Bill on the very day that I was sworn in to represent central New York in Congress. Today, I am joined here by Bill’s beloved wife of more than 40 years, MaryEllen, and his daughter Joelle. 
was a great reporter and an even better friend and that he touched the lives of so many in our community; but they already know that. They know it from the tributes that ran on every type of media outlet in central New York upon the news of his death. 
Bill made stories count. He will forever be remembered as one of the best journalists our town has ever known, and he was a great guy as well. 
Sunday, mass shootings inflicted violence on Elkhart, Indiana, and Fort Myers, Florida. There have been more than 300 mass shootings in the United 
One of the causes for this gun violence epidemic is that the NICS system, which is the background check system that we rely on to keep our communities safe, is not working. 
Aurora, Charleston, and at Virginia Tech were all able to buy guns legally despite numerous red flags; and, as of last year, 11 States still were not even providing information to the NICS system. Congress needs to do more to bring them into the system. 
Right now, someone who has committed a violent crime could walk into a gun store and put an assault rifle on the counter, and if a background check is not completed within 3 days, there is no prohibition to selling that individual the gun. We need to extend this review period so NICS can thoroughly vet someone before he is able to buy a gun. 
and it is time for Congress to act and put a stop to an epidemic that is taking the lives of thousands of Americans each year. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize Art Conservationist Specialist George Stout in honor of his granddaughter and Mishawaka resident, Lauren Parker. 
of the Monuments Men, a group established in 1944 of men and women who served in the Monuments, Fine Arts, and Archives section under the Allied Armies during World War II. 
We cannot thank him and the Monuments Men enough for their heroic role in the preservation, protection, and restitution of monuments, works of art, and artifacts of cultural importance during and following World War II. 
the Monuments Men Recognition Act of 2014, a Congressional Gold Medal was given in commemoration of the Monuments Men. 
eyes, and I am grateful for the opportunity to meet his family as we honor him and the other Monuments Men with the Congressional Gold Medal Award. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring George Stout and the other Monuments Men for their invaluable efforts during World War II. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the American people saw the television spectacle of the Benghazi hearing. In 
watching my Republican friends on television, it was like watching an ‘‘I Love Lucy’’ episode—the same plot, the same characters, the same script, and nothing new. 
not see yesterday from the majority in this Congress: They didn’t see a hearing to create jobs. They didn’t hear an idea to increase incomes. They didn’t hear one single solution to reduce the cost of education. 
The American people want Republicans to spend their time increasing incomes and less time trying to take down Hillary Clinton. We are tired of this calendar of chaos, Mr. Speaker. It is time for action. It is time for negotiation. It is time for compromise. It is time to stop wasting time and tax dollars. 
today in celebration of National Forest Products Week. I would like to recognize the more than 18,000 hardworking men and women who are employed by the forest products industry in Louisiana, including nearly 2,500 working in the pulp and paper sector in my district alone. 
support a strong market for forest products—markets that encourage landowners to replant forests responsibly and manage them sustainably. In Louisiana, this industry provides hardworking Americans with over $1.1 billion in compensation every year and is a top 10 manufacturing sector in the State. 
celebrating National Forest Products Week and reflect on the fact that, today, the U.S. has 20 percent more trees than it did on the first Earth Day in 1970. Together, let’s ensure that the sustainable and renewable products that come from these forests endure for generations to come. 
weeks ago, I stood in this Chamber and called on Congress to take action to improve our Nation’s background check system for firearm purchases. 
support across the country for universal background checks and bipartisan legislation to implement them, this Congress has still done nothing. It is just the latest example of Congress failing to do the work of the American people. The debt ceiling and transportation funding are two others. Last week, I joined with our former 
police chief and Republican mayor and a group of moms and other San 
Diegans who now imagine the possibility of sending their children to school and never seeing them again, and we called on Congress to take action, to do something. 
hands of those who shouldn’t have them is not a partisan issue. In fact, more than 90 percent of Americans support increasing background checks and closing loopholes. I have brought the signatures of those San Diegans with me here to Washington and have personally delivered their requests for action to the Speaker of the House. 
It is time to get to work. It is time to 
Commander in Chief, the President of the United States is tasked with upholding the safety and security of our Nation; but, yesterday, President Obama vetoed the annual defense bill that ensures the right policies are in place to protect us. 
Act is actually one of the few pieces of legislation up here that regularly gets voted out of the House and Senate, regardless of who controls the Chamber. 
House of Representatives by a vote of 270–156, and it passed the Senate 70–27. It is one of the few things that gets done like it is supposed to. In fact, the NDAA has been enacted into law every year since its inception in 1961. 
because he disagreed with its substance, but because he wanted to use it as a bargaining chip to force Congress to increase its spending for his nondefense programs. 
Mr. Speaker, the Taliban is reentering Afghanistan. Islamic extremists are attempting to conquer Iraq. The U.S. is at odds with Russia over Syria’s civil war; and China is expanding beyond its territorial claims in the Pacific. Frankly, the world is in chaos. 
office, there could not be a worse time for President Obama to so selfishly— no—so recklessly—push his agenda at the cost of U.S. national security. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to protect a national treasure. 
from a dire lack of resources. This has meant that the 3 million yearly visitors who have flocked there for the trees, trails, and streams have been greeted with graffiti, trash, and safety hazards. 
love these mountains have fought to get the San Gabriels the resources they deserve; and, just 1 year ago, we celebrated as President Obama declared them a national monument—opening the door to new funding. 
Today, I am introducing the San Gabriel Mountains, Foothills and River Protection Act to expand that monument and to create a new national recreation area. This bill, with the support of local water, conservation, and recreation groups, will complete the vision of a city seamlessly and sustainably connected to its mountains, mountains that are accessible for all. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Learning Disabilities, nearly 5.8 million students in the U.S. have been diagnosed with a learning disorder. Up to one in five of these students suffers from dyslexia. 
This learning disability causes difficulty with reading comprehension, math, and a variety of other subject areas. More research is needed to understand dyslexia so students receive researchbased instruction and have the best opportunities to learn and succeed in the 21st century. 
READ Act of 2015, a bill that requires the National Science Foundation to fund dyslexia research. This bill is good for students, good for educators, and good for America. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, November 3 is when we reach our statutory budget limit. That is when we must raise our debt limit or we default on our obligations: Social Security payments, Medicare reimbursements, and military paychecks. 
the limit. They say that spending is too out of control; but, frankly, that is like going into a restaurant, eating a meal, and then skipping out on the check because you wanted to save on calories. If that happens, you are not paying what you owe. 
nothing more, you are still on the hook for your financial obligations and commitments. I have a lot of hardworking smallbusiness owners in my district. They don’t skip out on their bills, and they don’t expect the government to either. 
There is no doubt about it. Our economy will suffer. At a time when our budget deficit is at its lowest level in 8 years, we should not take this step backward. Let’s pay our bills, not torch our economy. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 483, I call up the bill (H.R. 3762) to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
Resolution 483, the amendment printed in House Report 114–303 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015’’. 
health insurance premiums and health plan benefits and related reporting requirements. 
U.S.C. 201 et seq.) is amended by repealing section 18A (as added by section 1511 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148)). TITLE II—COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND 
the funds made available by such section 4002, the unobligated balance is rescinded. 
this section, the term ‘‘prohibited entity’’ means an entity, including its affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, and clinics— 
(ii) in the case where a woman suffers from 
a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a lifeendangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself; and 
and State expenditures under the Medicaid program under title XIX of the Social Security Act in fiscal year 2014 made directly to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity, or made to the entity and to any affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, or clinics of the entity as part of a nationwide health care provider network, exceeded $350,000,000. 
apply with respect to any month beginning after December 31, 2014.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
apply with respect to any month beginning after December 31, 2014.’’. 
made by this section shall apply to months beginning after December 31, 2014. 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking subchapter E. 
subchapters for chapter 32 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter E. 
made by this section shall apply to sales in calendar quarters beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
HEALTH INSURANCE PREMIUMS AND HEALTH PLAN BENEFITS AND RELATED REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking section 4980I. 
sections for chapter 43 of such Code is amended by striking the item relating to section 4980I. 
shall be debatable for 2 hours equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on the Budget or their designees. 
PRICE) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. V ANHOLLEN ) each will control 60 minutes. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative 
days in which to revise and extend their remarks on H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
time in over a decade, Congress adopted a 10year balanced budget agreement. The House and Senate were able to agree on a plan that would reduce spending by over $5 trillion, save and strengthen important health and retirement programs, provide for a strong national defense, and support a growing economy with greater opportunity for more Americans to achieve their dreams. 
It is a bold plan at a time in our Nation’s history when we face tremendous fiscal and economic challenges, challenges that are being fueled by an ineffective, inefficient, and unaccountable government bureaucracy right here in Washington. It is this bureaucracy that is interfering in the daily lives and livelihoods of the American people. 
intrusive Washington has become is the President’s healthcare law. ObamaCare imposes taxes and onerous mandates on individuals, families, and job creators. It undermines the sacred doctorpatient relationship. It is driving up the cost of health care with higher premiums and higher deductibles, while destroying access to quality, innovative healthcare choices. It is discouraging work and making job creation and economic growth more challenging. All this, Mr. Speaker, at a time when we are experiencing the worst economic recovery in the modern era. 
Now, when Congress passed our bicameral budget resolution earlier this year, we initiated a powerful process called reconciliation. Under reconciliation, we are able to move legislation through the House and the Senate in an expedited manner and put a bill on the President’s desk. So with the legislation before us today, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, we are using this powerful budgetary tool to help end ObamaCare’s attack on Americans’ health care and its attack on our economy. We are doing so to pave the way for a more appropriate, responsive, patientcentered healthcare system that puts patients, families, and doctors in charge of health care, not Washington, D.C. 
and the rules governing reconciliation, three committees in the House—the Education and Workforce Committee, the Ways and Means Committee, and the Energy and Commerce Committee—produced individual pieces of legislation to repeal major components of ObamaCare. The House Budget Committee then took those pieces and combined them into a single bill that we have now brought to the House floor today. 
Freedom Reconciliation Act repeals the individual and the employer mandates. It repeals the onerous Cadillac tax, it repeals the medical device tax, and it repeals an ObamaCare slush fund, as well as undue demands on employers and employees. Additionally, it prohibits, for 1 year, taxpayer dollars from being used to pay abortion providers that are prohibited under the legislation, while dedicating additional resources—that is, more money, Mr. Speaker—to community healthcare centers across this country for women’s health care. 
Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimate that this legislation will lower deficits by $130 billion over the 10year budget window. Roughly $51 billion of those savings would come from the positive macroeconomic effect of what we are proposing. CBO and JCT estimate that this bill will lead to an increase in the labor supply, an increase in economic growth, an increase in capital investment, and an increase in total compensation. That is takehome pay, Mr. Speaker. It would also eliminate work disincentives while decreasing Federal borrowing. 
that are repealed under this legislation represent the core of the coercive nature of the President’s healthcare law, policies that are forcing people into a healthcare system that Washington is simultaneously making more expensive, less accessible, lower quality, and with fewer choices. Nothing in what we are proposing would take insurance coverage away from Americans or their families or preclude anyone from purchasing coverage. What we are doing is freeing Americans from government coercion. 
The provisions included in this legislation also share another important distinction, and that is that they all fall within the limited scope of the reconciliation process. This is vitally important. Reconciliation is not a silver bullet. There are limitations. And if a piece of legislation breaches those limitations, it runs the risk of derailing the entire process. 
this discussion is not about process. It is about people. It is about the men and women, the families that we have the privilege of representing who know that the only folks who should be making personal healthcare decisions are individuals, their doctors, and their families. 
Americans who have seen their premiums go up and their deductibles go up and their outofpocket costs skyrocket after being told that the law, in fact, would bring those costs down, which it has not. 
Speaker—2.6 million, according to the Hoover Institution—who are at risk of seeing their working hours cut because of ObamaCare. 
This is about those Americans, particularly the one in four Americans living in rural parts of our country who found that, in many cases, their healthcare coverage comes with such narrow provider networks that they have to travel long distances to find the treatment that they need and run the risk of even higher costs. 
can do better by these Americans and all Americans who long for a healthcare system that is responsive to their needs, that is accessible and affordable and not contributing to the decline of economic opportunity and job security. 
solutions that would advance the cause of quality health care in this country, and none of them require handing more authority over to Washington. ObamaCare puts Washington in charge. We want to put the American people in charge of their healthcare decisions, and an important step in that direction is this legislation that we have before us today. 
of this legislation. I look forward to this debate and moving forward on this effort and putting a bill on the President’s desk. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
are going to have today is, I guess, a fitting end to an unproductive and shameful week in the United States Congress. 
Yesterday, we just witnessed an incredible abuse of power where a so called special Benghazi committee, funded by taxpayer money, conducted their political witch hunt against Secretary Clinton. The Republican majority leader in this own body told the Nation on television that it was about bringing down Hillary Clinton’s polls. That dishonors the memory of the four Americans who were killed in Benghazi. 
passed legislation that says, you know what? The United States Government doesn’t have to pay all of its bills. We will just pay some of our bills. Forget about the full faith and credit of the United States. We will decide we are going to pay some people and not others. 
It is as if, Mr. Speaker, one of us got 
up in the morning and said we are just going to make our mortgage payments but forget about the car payments, or we are going to pay this person but not that person. When the United States Government tries to do that, the economy goes downhill fast. 
when we are going to pay certain people, we are going to pay the big bondholders first. The Government of China and Wall Street, they are going to get paid. Our veterans aren’t going to get paid. Our soldiers aren’t going to get paid. 
what they are passing here in the United States Congress, because that is what they did earlier this week. 
the 61st time in this House of Representatives, our Republican colleagues are moving forward on legislation to dismantle the Affordable Care Act. 
own opinions. He is not entitled to his own facts. All you have to do is read the report of the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office that analyzed this bill, and here is what they say: that, as a result of this legislation, insurance coverage would decline by about 16 million people in most years; 3 million of those people would be children. 
Why in the world are we here on the 
floor of the House of Representatives passing legislation that is going to take away affordable health care to 15 million Americans, including 3 million children? 
shows the decline in the number of uninsured people in the United States. As you can see, you see a rapid drop in the number of uninsured Americans as a result of the Affordable Care Act. Our Republican colleagues’ bill wants to get rid of that progress, put all those people back in the position where they don’t have affordable health care. 
health programs, including Planned Parenthood, where the testimony from the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. CHAFFETZ , is very clear. They haven’t 
violated any laws. He said it on national television. Here is what he was asked: ‘‘Is there any evidence, in your opinion, that Planned Parenthood has broken any laws?’’ 
just like the Benghazi hearing. You know what? When the regular committees found there was no wrongdoing by Planned Parenthood, our Republican colleagues created a special committee on Planned Parenthood as well. 
Mr. Speaker, when the American people had been asked what they think of Congress these days, this is a chart of the words they come up with first: Ridiculous. Waste of time. Terrible. Frustrating. 
by coming here to this floor, for the 61st time, repealing the Affordable Care Act, a bill that you know has no chance of becoming law because, if it gets to the President’s desk, he has told this Congress long ago he will veto it because the President doesn’t want to get rid of affordable health care for 15 million Americans and 3 million American kids. The President doesn’t 
our Republican colleagues thought this was a good way to end an unproductive week. It is a sad and shameful statement of the state of affairs in this body. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, so we heard about Benghazi. We heard about the debt limit. It sounds kind of like a political speech, doesn’t it, Mr. Speaker? 
nothing in this legislation that would keep families from purchasing coverage for their children—nothing, nothing at all. 
only provides tax relief to working families and individuals. It gives them the freedom from government coercion in the area of health care. 
from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), a wonderful and productive member of the Budget Committee. 
thank the chairman for all the wonderful work you are doing to advance this bill and to advance our budget. 
As a member of the Budget Committee, I am proud to support the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, which is a very, very important bill that does dismantle key provisions of ObamaCare that are harming people. 
American people. They do not want their health care dictated to them by Washington, and they don’t want their tax dollars going to go abortion providers. 
flow of taxpayer dollars to abortion providers. The people have, for years, begged Congress to end the flow of taxpayer dollars to Planned Parenthood, especially in the wake of the recent horrendous videos showing Planned Parenthood officials exhibiting a blatant disregard for human life. 
funding for abortion providers and redirects these funds to increase funding for community health centers. These health centers serve eight times more women patients than Planned Parenthood, and they provide more comprehensive care to women. 
I am proud to support this bill, and I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU), a distinguished member of the Committee on the Budget. 
Speaker, my parents immigrated to America because they saw that shining city upon the hill. America became exceptional because we invested in education, we invested in infrastructure 
Security and Medicare that provided economic freedom for so many Americans. 
points is to defund Planned Parenthood. These are not the priorities of the American people. This is a hyperpartisan document that is just talking points for extremists. 
do what we were all elected here to do in Congress. We were elected to lead 
the greatest country on Earth. It is time we start acting like it. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Hyperpartisan? Let me show you a chart here. These are four items that are included in this piece of legislation, that are packaged in this piece of legislation: 
and Public Health Fund. When that bill itself came to the floor of the House, 147 Democrats voted ‘‘yes’’—147. 
that bill came to the floor of the House, 27 Democrats voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
that bill came to the floor of the House, 35 Democrats voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
that came to the floor of the House, 46 Democrats voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, these are mostly—mostly—bipartisan issues. The American people are for repeal of these portions of ObamaCare. Democrats even in this House have recognized the wisdom of it. 
I now yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), another good member of 
the chairman mentioned, today we are voting to repeal some of the burdensome taxes and mandates the Obama administration has placed on hardworking Americans with this healthcare law. 
vote in a bipartisan way to end the individual mandate, the employer mandate, the medical device tax, the Cadillac tax, the slush fund, and the auto enrollment mandate. 
to be unaffordable for millions of Americans who lost the coverage they enjoyed and must now pay higher premiums. Already hardworking families in my district have been told about the rate hikes that will make the healthcare premiums that they pay more expensive this next year. 
But, unfortunately, we are not, in this legislation, able to repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board that determines which treatments Americans are allowed to have or the health insurance tax that eliminates consumer choice and access. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), a distinguished member of the Committee on the Budget. 
are considering this reconciliation bill, I looked up the word ‘‘reconciliation’’ because I thought maybe I don’t know what the word means. They say that reconciliation is a process of making consistent or compatible. 
bill before us that is either consistent or compatible with a woman’s constitutional right to control her body. This bill is neither consistent nor compatible with a woman’s human right to reproductive freedom. 
the majority’s machismo, Mr. Speaker, the stubborn resolve to deny women— especially the poorest women in our country—access to health care. Despite the claims that you have heard here on this floor that ‘‘there is nothing to stop women from accessing health care,’’ just let me point out a few facts. 
of Planned Parenthood’s patients are at or below 150 percent of the poverty level, 41 percent of lowincome women consider OB/GYN their primary source of health care, which Planned Parenthood provides, and in my own State, 14,000 women each year, many of whom are low income, do not have access to family planning services. I ask that we not pass this bill. 
Speaker, I would ask the gentlewoman who just spoke to read the bill. In fact, the bill increases funding for women’s health care through the community health centers by $235 million in both fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), a distinguished member of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
don’t know why we are here this morning; I guess out of desperation. After 11 hours of trying to attack the former Secretary of State, now we come this morning to continue our attack on women and again to have Republicans address the Affordable Care Act that has, in my State, put a dent in some 25,000plus who did not have health care. 
repeals the individual responsibility requirements that people must have their own health care; repeals the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which focuses on making Medicare solvent for our seniors; and the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which supports evidencebased programs designed to keep Americans healthy, prevent chronic infectious diseases, and reduce future healthcare costs. 
front of the United States Capitol calling out my State, the State of Texas, that about 3 days ago declared war on Planned Parenthood to close 39 different clinics. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Closing the clinics would cut into the very essence of service to vulnerable women. It would cut into their mammogram services, their cervical cancer examinations. The Supreme Court just a year or a couple of months ago said this kind of pointed, targeted attack was unconstitutional. 
not you add other clinics, the clinics in Texas, Planned Parenthood, have been there for years for the minorities, for young people, and others. 
Mr. Speaker, this is not a reconciliation bill. This is another attack bill. We need to be able to stand for our women and women’s health care. Vote against this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak in opposition of 
H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, because this bill does not restore healthcare Freedom. 
This bill is not a serious effort to address 
this nation’s budgetary needs and its details reveal that it is another opportunity for the majority to hide behind a legislative gimmick in an attempt to kill the Affordable Care Act. 
This is a waste of taxpayer money and this 
body’s legislative calendar, which has too few days left for wasting any of our lime voting on bills that the President has communicated in writing that he will veto. 
This bill is bad for the Affordable Care Act 
because it: continues the majority’s relentless crusade to put barriers between women and their right to have the healthcare provider and services that they want and need; repeals individual responsibility requirements that people must have their own health insurance; repeals the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which works to keep Medicare solvent; and repeals the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which supports evidencebased programs designed to keep Americans healthy, prevent chronic and infectious diseases and reduce future healthcare cost. 
the healthcare freedom and choice created by the Affordable Care Act for first time health insurance consumers is overwhelmingly positive. 
Unfortunately, today the majority has targeted a women’s right to control her own healthcare by attempting to defund Planned Parenthood. 
In my state of Texas, a law that would have 
cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged 
made unconstitutional a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospitalstyle surgery center building and staffing requirements. 
be allowed to continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to women. 
threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. 
couched with renewed attacks against the Affordable Care Act, which the majority has attempted to overturn with over 50 votes since its enactment. 
a social and econo statement that if you are a woman with money you have the right to think for yourself regarding your healthcare choices, but if you are poor or lack healthcare options you do not have that same right. 
for comprehensive women’s preventive medical services, and they rely upon Planned Parenthood for healthcare. 
Women in this nation have a right to selfdetermination. 
It is a fundamental human right and one that 
each person to determine their destiny and this right has to be freely exercised. 
for our nation’s citizens with the best possible outcomes for the millions of people who had no healthcare due to preexisting illnesses or were penalized with higher premiums for pre existing conditions. 
School of Public Health reported that between 2007 and 2010, overall deaths among Massachusetts residents between the age of 20 to 64 declined by 2.9%. 
with illnesses that could be successfully treated though healthcare intervention such as those who have: tuberculosis; cancer; cardiac disease; Leukemia; Diabetes; Epilepsy; High blood pressure; All respiratory illnesses; and Pregnancy and childbirth. 
100 million Americans no longer have a life time limit on healthcare coverage. 17 million children with preexisting conditions can no longer be denied coverage by insurers. 6.6 million youngadults up to age 26 can stay on their parents’ health insurance plans. 6.3 million Seniors in the ‘‘donut hole’’ have saved $6.1 billion on their prescription drugs. 3.2 million Seniors have access to free annual wellness visits under Medicare, and 360,000 Small Businesses are using the Health Care Tax Credit to help them provide health insurance to their workers. 
Act reveal that: 3.8 million Texas residents receive preventative care services. 7 million Texans no longer have lifetime limits on their healthcare insurance. 300,731 young adults 
can remain on their parents’ health insurance until age 26. 5 million Texas residents can receive a rebate check from their insurance company if it does not spend 80 percent of premium dollars on healthcare. 4,029 people with preexisting conditions now have health insurance. 
This year for the first time insurance companies are banned from: discriminating against anyone with a preexisting condition; charging higher rates based on gender or health status; enforcing lifetime dollar limits; and enforcing annualdollar limits on health benefits. 
can no longer be charge higher rate just because they are women. 
nationally the uninsured rate in the United States was reduced to 12.9%. 
points since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in defeating 
another effort to turn the clock back on women’s rights and the healthcare safetynet that is assuring longer and healthier lives for millions of Americans. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), a 
wonderful, contributing member of the Committee on the Budget and a member of the Committee on Rules as well. 
excited to be here today, and I am saddened by some of the shrillness of the conversation. This is the first reconciliation package that I have seen in the 4
of this institution have never seen a reconciliation bill come to the floor of this House. Why? Because Congress hasn’t functioned in a way where the House and the Senate have been able to come together to do this. That is happening this year for the first time. We ought to be celebrating that. 
exercise—and I understand folks have a lot of grievances, and this may just be the day that folks are going to air all of their grievances. But to describe this as a partisan exercise misses the point that the only bipartisanship in this entire conversation is around trying to reject the damaging provisions of the President’s healthcare bill. 
through using the reconciliation process, it was jammed through in a partisan fashion. The bipartisan vote was a vote ‘‘no.’’ 
fund that was going for all sorts of programs that America would reject, the bipartisan vote was the vote to abolish it, as this bill does today. The bipartisan vote was to delay the individual mandate, as this bill abolishes today. 
The bipartisan vote was to delay the employer mandate, as this bill does today. 
divides us in this body and in this Nation, but this is a day for celebration. I applaud the chairman for what he has been able to do. He has been able to do what no other chairman has been able to do in the 4
this institution, and that is bring the House and the Senate together around a budget for the United States of America. I am proud of what we have done, we have done together. 
If this has to be a day of airing of the 
grievances, let it be a day of airing of the grievances, but let it not be said that it is a partisan exercise. The bipartisanship exists in this reconciliation package. I hope we come together on it today. 
celebrate legislation that takes away affordable health care to 15 million Americans, including 3 million American children. That is not our definition of bipartisanship. 
Congressional Budget Office report. The Congressional Budget Office is headed by someone who was chosen by our Republican colleagues, and their report tells us this legislation will take away affordable health care from 15 million Americans. That is nothing to celebrate. 
I now yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the very distinguished ranking member of the Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. 
opposition to this bill. It is deja vu all over again. This bill represents the majority’s 61st attempt to weaken, undermine, or repeal the Affordable Care Act, legislation that, yes, has brought health care to millions of Americans and significantly reduced prescription drug costs for seniors. 
of the majority’s crusade against women’s health. It targets Planned Parenthood again, an organization that provides millions of lowincome Americans with lifesaving services many families cannot get anywhere else. 
billion from efforts to protect people against deadly diseases: measles, listeria, Ebola. 
Why are we wasting time on ideological attacks such as this? There are so many real issues to deal with. Wages are stagnant. Families are struggling to make ends meet. Stop playing games. Return to serving the American people. You should start by voting against this disgraceful bill. 
Speaker, may I inquire as to the amount of time remaining on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has 461⁄2minutes 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time as well. 
Speaker, the understanding of the chair here was that we were going to divide the time equally between three committees at the beginning in 15 minute segments. May I inquire of the gentleman from Maryland if that plan 
understanding of the agreement, too. Would it be possible, Mr. Speaker, to just tell us—I guess we can do the math—how much time in the 15 minutes remains for each side? 
original 15minute agreement, the gentleman from Georgia has 1
I inquire if the gentleman has any additional speakers? 
Speaker, I have one additional speaker from the Committee on the Budget. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. R OKITA ), the 
Committee on the Budget, for getting us to this point, the first time in over a decade that we have been able to use the reconciliation process. 
difference the way we are using it now in this bipartisan fashion, in a transparent lie today, a long process, not the day before Christmas Eve and not in a partisan way. That was used the last time regarding a major healthcare change of policy in this country. 
I think all of us deserve to not only 
pat ourselves, quite honestly, a little bit on the back, but also take advantage of this moment to end the lie, the lie being, ‘‘If you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ That lie continues today, and it has become a full blown nightmare. 
to the President’s desk is real and a real positive step in ending governmentcontrolled health care in this country so that patients of whatever condition in a consumerbased, consumercentered fashion can use their own judgment, their own resources, along with the help of all of us, to get the health care that they need. 
I doubt that 15 million people are actually covered better today than they were or could have been before. That 
should be our goal: to cover every American in the fashion that they deserve, in the fashion that they choose, with the doctor that they choose. 
leadership. I urge my colleagues to vote for this reconciliation package. 
and simple, takes away affordable health care to 15 million Americans, including 3 million kids. 
and awful the Affordable Care Act is. The reality is the majority of Members gathered right here in this Chamber are on the Affordable Care Act. The government is not dictating to them their health insurance. They are on it. 
Speaker, is take away access to affordable health care for 15 million Americans who would not otherwise get affordable health care and, in the process, take away funding for women’s health programs, targeting Planned Parenthood as part of a political witch hunt, the same kind of witch hunt we saw just yesterday in the Benghazi special committee hearing, where, the majority leader of this House told the public, it was simply about bringing down Secretary Clinton’s poll numbers. 
has been so difficult for our Republican colleagues to find a replacement for the Speaker. You have got a faction of this House that wants no compromise, that thinks it is a celebration to get 
rid of health care, affordable health care for 15 million Americans. That is nothing to celebrate, and this is a terrible way to end an already unproductive week here in the House of Representatives. 
against this legislation. It is not going anywhere because the President of the United States is not going to sign a bill that deprives 15 million Americans of access to affordable health care that they didn’t have before. 
to deal with the debt ceiling. We have got to deal with a way where we actually pay all our bills, not just some of the bills, and when we decide which ones to pay, we don’t say we are going to pay China first. We have got to make sure we come together to prevent a government shutdown. Instead, for the 61st time, this House is voting to take away health care from the American public. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote against this legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), 
the chairman of the Health Subcommittee of the Ways and Means Committee, be allowed to control 15 minutes, as my designee. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. 
Budget Chairman Dr. TOMPRICE, dismantles the twin pillars of the controversial and unpopular Affordable Care Act, repeals Democrat tax increases that force American jobs overseas, and punishes American workers who have good healthcare insurance. It empties a multibilliondollar slush fund and ends taxpayer funding of the gruesome practices at Planned Parenthood and its affiliates. 
lowers spending, and lowers the deficit. It grows the economy, encourages work, and increases incentives to invest; and it also invests in community healthcare centers to ensure access to true, highquality health care, especially for women. 
mandates that force American families to buy governmentapproved health care they don’t need and that force local businesses to offer health care their workers can’t afford, this bill dismantles the foundation of the President’s healthcare law. It frees millions of Americans from an unpopular law that harms patients, harms families, and harms businesses, local doctors, and community health providers. 
Care Act, which the House approved 9 months ago and still lingers in the Senate, this measure uses the traditional budget process to allow the Senate to pass the bill with a simple majority and send it to the President’s desk. 
the President’s desk is because Congress is doing its job. We passed a budget that balanced; that put our entitlement programs on a strong, sustainable path; and that afforded three House committees, including the Committee on Ways and Means, on which I serve, the opportunity to craft legislation to reduce the deficit and advance important policy goals. 
This process, called budget reconciliation, is a critical tool. It is not a silver bullet. It is not a cureall, but it is a gridlockbusting practice I hope we can continue. 
provisions crafted by the Committee on Ways and Means targets the foundational pieces of the President’s healthcare law, including repealing tax hikes totaling over $100 billion that slow our economy. 
Americans into a healthcare law they don’t want and giving taxpayer dollars to controversial and unethical practices at Planned Parenthood; but if he does, he will have to explain to the American people his support of all this, including tax increases and mandates in the name of a law that has increased healthcare costs, raided Medicare, and forced millions onto an already broken Medicaid system. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to hear those answers from the President, and the American public wants to hear those answers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I 
don’t have time to respond to all of the misstatements that were made, but now I am going to turn it over to the ranking member of the Ways and Means Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN) be allowed to control the 
next 15 minutes of debate time as my designee. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? 
There was no objection. Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. 
Well, where do we start? Clearly, there is a feeling this is 
more than an anticlimax. You know, we should have a debt ceiling bill before us. Why don’t we have that? 
premiums. They are right before us. Instead, we are doing this. 
The highway trust fund faces a deadline. Where is it? Where is our legislation? 
Conference is essentially mostly fighting itself, this institution is handcuffed on these issues. So the decision is pass a reconciliation bill and get a bill to the President to veto because, so far, 60 or 61 efforts have never been able to get to the President for a veto. 
Well, I think this is a waste of time 
when there are other issues, because the President has also said he will veto. 
So what is this really all about? I think this is all a prelude, as was 
the socalled prioritization bill yesterday and, I think, also the Benghazi hearing yesterday, socalled hearing, this is all an effort to try to lay a foundation so that next week we will take up a debt ceiling bill, and it will pass with a majority of Democrats and some Republicans, some of whom maybe are made to feel better because we are going through the motions here today. 
going through the motions. All of the pious talk on the Republican side about healthcare reform, those of us now on the Ways and Means Committee who will be speaking, we go to meeting after meeting, if they are called, where there is talk about healthcare reform, and the Republicans have never brought up a comprehensive healthcare reform that could be voted on in the committee, where they have a majority. 
So, essentially, what we are now facing is the dangerous bankruptcy of the majority party in this House of Representatives who now decides, let’s do reconciliation so we can get a bill through the Senate and have the President veto it. By the way, because of the Planned 
Parenthood provision that would defund care for millions of Americans and for other reasons, it isn’t even clear this will get through the Senate. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), one of our 
key healthcare leaders on the Ways and Means Committee. 
I just want to speak to a provision in 
the legislation that repeals the very harmful medical device tax. 
be the fifth time that the House has expressed its strong support for getting rid of this harmful and illogical tax. The last time was just this past June, when the House voted to repeal this tax by essentially a vetoproof margin, and that is because we had Republicans and Democrats voting together to repeal this very bad tax policy. 
knows basic economics. When you tax something, you are going to get less of it. 
industry that is 98 percent small businesses with less than 500 employees? 
industry that has good, highpaying jobs for wage earners? 
industry that has a trade surplus? We should be promoting this industry as much as possible. 
makes zero sense. That is because it is not a tax on profit; it is a tax on the revenue, on the sales of these innovative companies. So now some small businesses have over a 70 percent effective tax rate. It is a tax that is costing us jobs. It is a tax that is stifling innovation. It is harming patients, and it is hurting our healthcare system. 
destructive tax to help protect our seniors, to help protect American innovation, and to help protect American manufacturing. 
minutes to the gentleman from Seattle, Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), 
we are again. I include in the R ECORD  
an article from the Seattle Times entitled ‘‘Why Washington State’s Health Reform Faltered After the Loss of Mandates.’’ 
question of whether individuals can be required to buy health insurance—a key provision in the federal healthcare overhaul— some in Washington state are battling a strong sense of de ´ja`vu mixed with dread. 
They remember 1993, when state lawmakers passed a comprehensive state law aimed at insuring everyone and spreading the healthcare expenses of the sickest throughout a large pool of policyholders. 
But the law, which relied on both mandates and incentives, was soon dismembered, leaving only popular provisions, such as prohibiting insurers from denying coverage to sick people or making them wait many months for coverage. 
Without any leverage to bring healthy people onto insurance rolls, insurers, left with the priciest patients, began a financial death spiral. 
Ultimately, companies pulled out of the individual market and almost no one in Washington could buy an individual policy for any price. 
For those involved, the lessons learned remain sharp as a scalpel. 
face if the Supreme Court blows a hole in the current law,’’ warns Randy Revelle, a former King County executive who was heavily involved in the state effort nearly two decades ago. 
court, the lessons here don’t involve constitutional questions. They’re all about the realities of the healthinsurance market and politics. 
At the top of the list: Lesson 1: Good intentions, no matter how 
1esson 2: A machine doesn’t work so well if 
Lesson 3: Buyin from both political parties and strong public support are needed to maintain enough momentum to sustain complex reforms through potential changes in administration. 
case, Gov. Chris Gregoire and other governors referred to the ‘‘death spiral’’ in Washington’s individualinsurance market that began in 1994. 
The 1993 law, passed when Democrats controlled both houses and the governor’s seat, was then the most ambitious overhaul effort in the nation. 
The delicate balancing act ended when Republicans, who objected to what they saw as heavyhanded government control of the health industry, swept into power in both houses. 
the only parts of the law that survived were the ‘‘consumerfriendly’’ pieces, championed by thenInsurance Commissioner Deborah Senn, a Democrat. 
law, because they were very popular, but we didn’t keep the market reforms,’’ says Pam MacEwan, who was a member of the Health Services Commission charged with implementing the law and is now a Group Health Cooperative executive. ‘‘It was a big problem.’’ 
That’s primarily because there was nothing left in the law to push or entice people to buy insurance when they were healthy, which would have spread costs more broadly. 
in a 1995 letter sent to Premera Blue Cross by a woman in Eastern Washington. 
year, the woman bought an individual policy from Premera. As soon as the insurer paid her hospital expenses, the woman canceled the policy, telling Premera ‘‘we will do business with you again when we are pregnant.’’ 
True to her word, in 1996, she bought insurance, Premera said, once again canceling after the insurer paid for the delivery of her next child. 
You don’t have to be a business genius to 
recognize the problem with those numbers when multiplied by thousands of customers. 
soon only sick people thought insurance was worth the cost. Premiums rose even more. 
Healthy people, like the Eastern Washington woman, waited until they needed insurance to buy it. At the time, Gov. Gary Locke likened it to buying fire insurance after your house is on fire. 
Before deciding in 1998 not to sell any more 
individual policies in the state, Premera lost $120 million in today’s dollars, says company spokesman Eric Earling. By mid–1999, the state’s other two big insurers, Regence BlueShield and Group Health, stopped selling individual policies. 
In 1999, with the individual healthinsurance market essentially dead, Locke began crafting a compromise. Signed into law in the spring of 2000, it was a bitter pill for some, but it got the market back into action. 
In exchange for coming back into the market, insurers could charge whatever they wanted, bypassing the rate review normally done by the insurance commissioner’s office. They could also force patients to wait nine months to be covered, and exclude the most expensive patients. 
To deal with those patients, the state revived its highrisk pool. Insurers, who would help subsidize the pool, would be allowed to reject 8 percent of applicants, who could then buy coverage through the pool—if they could afford it. 
At the time, Sen. Alex Deccio, a Republican from Yakima, summed it up neatly: ‘‘We are in a privateenterprise system.’’ 
worry, could be repeated on a much larger scale, should the Supreme Court find the mandate unconstitutional. 
argue that if the mandate is removed they should be allowed to exclude people and set prices based on health—now barred in the federal plan. 
relatively weak financial penalty for those who don’t buy insurance, isn’t necessary for the federal health overhaul to proceed. 
They calculate that many young, lowincome uninsured would buy policies without a mandate, since the federal overhaul dangles attractively low premiums for the young and subsidizes those with low incomes. 
chairs the Senate’s healthcare committee and a group of lawmakers exploring alternatives, says if the federal mandate is overturned, each state would be left to choose options ranging from doing nothing to legislating ways to bring as many people as possible into a healthinsurance pool. 
country would be made of ‘have’ states and ‘havenot’ states, making the health disparities even worse, which is pretty awful,’’ Keiser said in an email. 
Kreidler says 85 percent of state residents, who now have group coverage, wouldn’t be directly affected by the federal mandate. 
But, he adds, the typical Washington family’s yearly insurance bill includes about $1,000 to cover costs for the uninsured, which his office calculates have reached about $1 billion a year in the state. The state hospital 
association says charges for charity care and bad debt by patients may amount to as much as $2 billion. 
the federal plan, the vast majority of the approximately 1 million uninsured would qualify for Medicaid or subsidies. 
Revelle, now policy leader for the Washington State Hospital Association, says the state’s struggle to improve health coverage was illuminating. 
process—and that unfortunately was not learned in the federal process—is that health care is so big, so complex, so passionate, that it has got to have bipartisan support,’’ Revelle said. 
last through the years it takes to impose changes on an entrenched industry. 
And that’s difficult, he says, not only because of health care’s complexity, but because people do not agree on fundamental values. 
‘‘It’s very hard to look out five or 10 
years,’’ Revelle says. ‘‘But we should constantly be thinking: Where do we need to be five to 10 years from now?’’ 
out here today has already been done in one of the laboratories of democracy, the State of Washington. The Republicans did exactly the same thing. They repealed the mandates, and the individual insurance market died. 
the State of Washington because the insurance companies said: Why should we insure somebody under guaranteed mandate when they could walk in here whenever they are sick and get a policy and when they are healthy cancel it, then walk back in when they are sick again and get a policy? That is what you are setting up. 
would wipe out ObamaCare totally. You would wipe out the individual mandate. But you know that would be death to you politically, so you wipe out these mandates which you think are good. 
the people. I mean, that is pretty clear. But what you are saying is you don’t even care about the insurance industry. 
This bill will die in the Senate because the insurance industry will say: If this passes, we won’t be able to sell individual policies. 
that has already been demonstrated does not work in the real world, and yet the ideologues in the back of the boat over there in the Republican Caucus had the idea that if you hit it with a bigger hammer, reconciliation—I mean, it is not enough to just pass a bill out of here. You are going to use reconciliation, which is a sledgehammer in the House, and that will make it pass. 
the Senate and is certainly dead on arrival in the White House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ), one of our 
BRADY , and I thank Chairman P RICE for 
Mr. Speaker, this is a great opportunity to get some awful things off the back of the American public. 
We heard the gentleman from Washington admonishing the House, but I invite the House. I don’t look at this as an admonition. This is an invitation. 
and the employer mandates; the medical device tax; the Cadillac tax; the prevention and fraud health fund, which is a slush fund for the Obama team; auto enrollment; and we can get Planned Parenthood squared away. 
What is not to love about that? It is 
a great opportunity all the way around. I think we should invite the American public and we should invite clearthinking Democrats to do the same thing. 
I want to draw my colleagues’ attention to a piece of legislation that over 100 Republicans have cosponsored, the Special Inspector General for Monitoring the Affordable Care Act, that is, SIGMA, H.R. 2400. 
heard is that there is no individual inspector general that can look over the whole broad spectrum of ObamaCare. What we need to do is to get one entity that can look at the same thing, that can look at it all in its entirety. 
This worked as it relates to Afghanistan reconstruction. It worked on Iraq reconstruction. It worked on the Troubled Asset Relief Program. It is an opportunity for us to have a holistic review of all of these things and save billions of taxpayer dollars. 
work and would appreciate very much an ‘‘aye’’ vote on this reconciliation effort. 
minutes to the gentleman from the great State of California (Mr. THOMP SON). 
this piece of legislation and strong opposition to the fact that we are back here again rehashing the same old issues that aren’t going anyplace. It has been pointed out they are probably not even going to be taken up in the Senate; and, if by some chance they were, they are certainly not going to be signed into law by the President. 
wasting the time, as we have been wasting the time trying to repeal ObamaCare and defund Planned Parenthood. It is a terrible situation because we have some real important things that we need to do. 
in every one of our congressional districts—will face the steepest premium hikes in the history of the program if this Congress doesn’t act. 
that has been long due to be passed. We keep kicking the can down the road, and it is a very bumpy road because we don’t pass a transportation bill. 
If we pass that bill, we put people to 
work. About 14 million jobs hinge on the passage of a longterm transportation bill. This is for improving roads and highways, making our overpasses and our businesses safe. 
economy; but, instead, we are dillydallying on the floor today with this piece of gonowhere legislation. 
It is long past time that we put the 
American people ahead of the political gamesmanship and address the real issues facing our Nation. 
Let’s fix the issues that are hurting the American people and stop doing this partisan nonsense. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ), the 
former mayor of Manchester, New Hampshire, who understands how badly this bill has hurt his family and community. 
of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, which includes the repeal of components of the most harmful provisions of ObamaCare and, at the same time, sharing bipartisan support for each component of this legislation, bipartisan support. 
across the aisle on provisions that have been hurting families in Manchester, Portsmouth, Conway, and all parts of New Hampshire to ensure their voices are heard. 
this bill is the full repeal of ObamaCare’s 40 percent tax on healthcare benefits, commonly referred to as the Cadillac tax. While this tax is set to take effect in 2018, employers of all sizes are already restructuring plans and cutting benefits to avoid the costly tax. 
This excise tax will impact an estimated 12 million middleclass Americans who will pay an additional $1,000 annually as a result of this tax. They work for big businesses, small businesses, nonprofits, colleges, small municipalities. They need help. They need our support. 
Mr. GUINTA. As I introduced the repeal of the Cadillac tax in its entirety, I am pleased to see that repeal language included in the bill we are debating today. 
has already placed on hardworking Americans and all the rules and regulations American businesses are faced with, this tax will just make it that much more difficult for employers to provide affordable healthcare benefits to their employees. 
the bipartisan fight to support middle class families and support the repeal of this tax. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a very vigorous 
the other side wouldn’t know bipartisan if it hit them in the head. I mean, to just throw this term out there like, you know, if you have one or two on this side of the aisle, it is bipartisan, technically, you are absolutely right. 
funding measure, Mr. Speaker, and replacing the damaging sequester cuts that have hurt our economy. And we are both responsible, both sides of the aisle, for that sequester. I don’t point any fingers. 
ceiling. I mean, we talk about our budgets at home. Why don’t we do the same thing in the Federal Government? I always thought, when I grew up, pay your bills. Pay your bills. That is as important as balancing the budget at home. 
budget cuts which have threatened hundreds of thousands of jobs and cut vital services for children, for seniors, for people with mental illness, and our men and women in uniform. These harmful cuts have cut funding for thousands of first responders in our communities. 
services for children. They have cut funding for our first responders. They have eliminated jobs for 30,000 teachers—30,000. They have cut afterschool programs for nearly 1.2 million kids and eliminated more than 40 million meals for sick and homebound seniors. This is bipartisan. 
talking about holding government funding hostage in exchange for decimating the Affordable Care Act. Enough is enough. 
We are not going to take it anymore. The Republican budget would result 
in 16 million fewer Americans having health insurance and a 20 percent increase in insurance premiums. A vote for this bill is a vote against those 16 million Americans. A vote for this bill is a vote for higher premiums. 
even balance. After 2025, deficits under this budget would begin to skyrocket. It is not a balanced budget. This is a 
with a mutual plan instead of ‘‘a bipartisan fraud’’? 
the failures of the Affordable Care Act in his State. 
in support of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. 
country are victims of ObamaCare’s many broken promises. We all remember the chaos that ensued when the law was first rolled out, a billiondollar Web site that didn’t work, millions of Americans losing their insurance and being forced to find a new plan often at a higher cost. 
Now hundreds of thousands of Americans, including at least 51,000 Kentuckians, are once again losing their health insurance because of the failure of ObamaCare healthcare cooperatives. 
President Obama cited Kentucky as an example of ObamaCare working in a red State. But as we learned last week, ObamaCare does not work in Kentucky. 
ops have failed in my home State of Kentucky, Tennessee, Colorado, Oregon, and South Carolina. Coops have failed in Nevada, Iowa, Nebraska, New York, and Louisiana. 
These failures were entirely predictable because the model was not sustainable. The Kentucky coop lost nearly 60 cents for every premium dollar it collected. Now hardworking taxpayers will be stuck with the bill for hundreds of millions of dollars that will never be paid back. 
Combined with low enrollment numbers, the result of these failures will ultimately be borne by the American people, more consolidation in the healthcare market, fewer choices for consumers, and higher healthcare costs for the American people. This is not the reform we were promised. 
repeal the most harmful mandates and taxes imposed by the law. It reduces the deficit by $130 billion, and it gives us an opportunity to put a bill on the President’s desk that would make life easier for the American people. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 5 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gentleman from Michigan for yielding me the time. 
this latest attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act and the benefits it has brought to millions of Americans. 
has taken to undermine health care, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim that somehow this time is different. That is because this is dressed up in a process called reconciliation. 
procrastination. This is a desperate attempt to avoid working on the real issues facing America today. 
I get it. Governing is hard. It is difficult. But that is not an excuse for giving up on your responsibilities and, instead, pursuing yet another repeal bill. But that is their plan, their only agenda, for America. 
The country is days away from defaulting on our debt? Time to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
Maybe repealing the Affordable Care Act will help us. 
their premiums skyrocket? Forget fixing the problem. Let’s repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
They must think it is a better strategy than the previous 60 votes if they wrap it up with a bow and slap a fancy name on it. Actually, it is odd they call this reconciliation. 
reconciling with us to work in a bipartisan way. They are not reconciling themselves to the fact that the Affordable Care Act is the law of the land and that it is helping people access quality, affordable healthcare insurance; and they are certainly not fooling anyone with what their true intentions are. They are not. Frankly, the only thing they are doing is wasting time. I have had enough, and I know the American people have had enough, too. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), a Member of Congress who is a healthcare provider herself, a nurse, and a key leader of the Health Care Subcommittee. 
support of today’s budget reconciliation to address the heinous abuses of 
life at Planned Parenthood. To date, we have seen 10 undercover videos implicating the abortion giant in the trafficking of unborn babies’ tissue and organs. 
enablers could not defend the conversations on these tapes—which many here in Washington still have not watched— so they tried to discredit the source. The House minority leader even said: ‘‘I don’t stipulate that these videos are real.’’ 
Well, Mr. Speaker, that is my colleague’s prerogative, but the facts—and specifically this forensic report—say differently. Since these revelations were uncovered, the House has voted twice now to cut Federal funding to Planned Parenthood and reallocate those dollars to other providers that better serve women and families. But Senate Democrats repeatedly blocked these solutions. In fact, only two Senators from the minority party could muster the compassion to vote for this proposal. 
I refuse to let the callousness and obstructionism of a select few stop this worthwhile effort. That is why I am voting today for the reconciliation bill to freeze Medicaid funding to Planned Parenthood. This is our best opportunity, to date, to put a bill on the President’s desk and show the American people where his priorities lie. 
Mr. Speaker, we face many challenges in Washington today, but nothing—nothing—could be more important than how we treat an innocent human life. This is a fight worth having, and it is a fight I will continue to have until the very end. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the budget reconciliation bill. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who is a distinguished 
our ranking member for yielding and for his tremendous leadership on so many issues. 
H.R. 3762, the socalled Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. This bill would attack women’s health and the Affordable Care Act once again. This bill would defund Planned Parenthood for 1 year, leaving millions of women across the country without access to critical healthcare services. It would also prevent individuals or organizations that provide comprehensive reproductive healthcare services from treating women enrolled in Medicaid, stripping women of their fundamental right to choose their own healthcare provider, and leaving thousands of women out in the cold. 
services are critical to reducing unintended pregnancies, and they make economic sense also. For every $1 spent on family planning services, we save more than $7 in other costs. Mr. Speaker, denying access to 
healthcare providers such as Planned Parenthood and other safety net providers will hurt women who need these services the most: lowincome women and women of color. It is past time to stop these ideological attacks on women’s right to health care. Instead of continuing with these callous attacks and cuts, we should work to replace the damaging sequester and get a responsible, longterm budget deal. 
nothing. It is divisive, it is misguided, and it is dangerous. I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ). He is the majority whip of the U.S. House and a strong leader against the Affordable Care Act and for defunding Planned Parenthood. 
gentleman from Georgia, for his leadership on bringing this reconciliation bill to the floor. 
years to defeat the President’s healthcare law and the many destructive components to that law that are playing out all across the country, we have got one more opportunity, Mr. Speaker, to send a bill to the President—but this time, not just to send a bill to the Senate that actually goes after and guts the President’s healthcare law, but also a bill that now, with 51 votes in the Senate, will have the opportunity to get to the President’s desk. 
The bill not only repeals the employer mandate, but it repeals the individual mandate, laws that are crushing jobs across the country and killing middle class jobs. The biggest reason, when you talk to smallbusiness owners, why they can’t hire more people and why they are forced by this law to lower the number of working hours of people across the country down below 30 hours is because of these mandates in the law that are crushing American jobs. 
Why not put that bill on the President’s desk? Why not also tell these people who are taking taxpayer money and providing abortion services that you can’t do it anymore? If you want to provide women’s health care, there is funding for you, but you can’t use taxpayer money to provide abortions. That is in this bill to get to the President’s desk. 
and we start cutting taxes that are killing jobs in this bill. The medical device tax is shipping jobs to foreign countries. Let’s cut those taxes. If the Senate wants to go further under their arcane rules, they will have that opportunity, and we would support those changes as well. 
this bill to the President’s desk and let him make a decision. Is he going to finally stand up for American workers 
and sign this bill, or is he going to continue to support a law that is destroying jobs and destroying health care in this country? That ought to be the President’s burden. We ought to send that bill to the President. This is the first step, and it is a critical step to restoring jobs and good health care across this country. 
it over to the Senate, and let them do their work. 
time of the 15 minutes remains on each side? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 1
remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 2 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ), a gentleman who 
has served this committee and this country so well. 
this bill before us shows what is wrong with the Congress. I don’t challenge the corrections that people on the Republican side would want to make in providing health care for our Nation. It is a problem when none of them actually voted for the bill, but that could have been because we didn’t give them access and opportunity. 
we are trying to find out someone who will become Speaker of the House, that, if you have objections to a bill that provides health services for Americans, we would try to find out, before we ask for a veto, what we can do to help. 
that truly believes that we should eliminate preventive health care. Preventive health care is not only humane and the right thing to do, but it saves us a lot of money. We have an advisory board that determines the amount of time that should be spent based on statistics. Yes, these are lifeordeath questions, but it is also saving money as well as saving lives. 
you may have as to how we use the tax system to encourage people and to mandate that people pay into the system. Most of you know, if people can have insurance and not pay for it, then everyone would want it. 
This is insurance. Yes, healthy people have to participate because younger people don’t believe that they ever get sick. So don’t just say that you want to make certain that the President vetoes this for political purposes so you can go back home and say, yes, one more shot against the President, one more shot against the Congress, and in some cases one more shot against your own party. Let’s, for God’s sake, try to work together to try to get something positive done. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), a physician 
and one of the distinguished leaders on health care, to close on behalf of the American people. 
Mr. BOUSTANY. I thank the Speaker, and I thank my friend from Texas for yielding time. 
reconciliation package because it hits right at the financing of ObamaCare. As a physician, I know what the impact of this health law has done. It is devastating and causing serious disruptions in access to care, quality of care, and, really, eroding the doctorpatient relationship. 
Secondly, it puts a halt to the funding of Planned Parenthood. We all know, based on those videos and other information we have had, the practices of Planned Parenthood. It is time to stop it. As a prolife physician, it is 
are standing strong in support of this package, and that is because it contains important provisions like one that I authored repealing the employer mandate, which is hurting job creation in this country. It is an onerous provision, and it is choking small business growth. 
in this package, but we are limited by the Senate rules and the Senate Parliamentarian. I would have liked full repeal of ObamaCare. I would have liked to have seen the inclusion of my bill repealing the health insurance tax, which has been very costly, running up premium costs. We couldn’t do that because of constraints. 
fights, but let’s pass this package. It is really important. It will get job creation going, and it will help roll back the onerous effects of ObamaCare. 
If signed into law, there is no question in my mind that this reconciliation package will cause an implosion of ObamaCare and force us to get to real healthcare reform based on high quality and a highquality doctorpatient relationship built on trust. 
putting this on the President’s desk and have him account for his failed policies. He will have to account for the policies that are killing jobs, adding mountains of debt to this country, and continuing a legacy of failed policy. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) be allowed to control the next 15 minutes of debate time as the designee of the ranking member. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. 
and Commerce Committee, may control 15 minutes as my designee. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of this important bill, H.R. 3762, which addresses some of the most pressing and important issues certainly to folks in Michigan and around the country: the deficit and the President’s healthcare law. 
Rarely a day goes by when I am back 
home in Michigan that someone somewhere doesn’t stop me and say, whether it be in a coffee shop, on a plant floor, or the local service club like a Rotary or a Lion’s Club, you name it, asking what we are doing to address the broken promises, the high cost, and the surprises and the lack of choices associated with ObamaCare, and what are we doing to get spending under control. 
what this bill does or does not do, so let’s set the record straight. This bill would repeal the most harmful, damaging, and unpopular provisions of the health law. 
and Public Health Fund. Don’t let the name fool you. The administration views it as a veritable petty cash fund that has been raided for wasteful projects, including building support for ObamaCare. 
This bill would, for a period of 1 year, 
prohibit any Federal funding to States for a 1year period for prohibited entities like Planned Parenthood. At the same time, the bill would increase funding for community health centers like the Family Health Center in Kalamazoo or InterCare in Benton Harbor, two cities in my district, to help provide access to women’s health care. Stalwarts in the life movement, including the National Right to Life, the Family Research Council, and Susan B. Anthony List support that approach. 
the unpopular individual mandate, which forces Americans to purchase coverage of the government’s choosing, the exact opposite approach that we need to create a patientcentered healthcare system. 
The bill would also repeal the employer mandate. Repealing this provision helps encourage economic growth and improve the job outlook. 
The bill would also, as we know, repeal the medical device tax. This job killing tax has hurt Americans across the country, including in my district, certainly, Kalamazoo, where folks have lost their jobs because of the harmful tax. 
found this bill would reduce the deficit by nearly $130 billion over the next 10 years, spur economic growth and the 
creation of jobs, and cut taxes on literally millions of Americans. 
and around the country: We hear you. Yes, we do. We are addressing what matters to you most. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, I have the utmost respect for the chairman of our Energy and Commerce Committee, but I have to respectfully disagree with almost everything he said. 
basically, what this reconciliation tries to do is repeal the Affordable Care Act. There was some question about that by my colleagues until now. But, clearly, they are admitting that that is what they are trying to do. 
about the positive impact of the Affordable Care Act and how many more people now have health insurance, how many people don’t face discrimination, all the terrible things that existed before the Affordable Care Act became law. 
my chairman saying that somehow we are trying to expand access to health care by providing more funds to community health centers. The fact of the matter is that the community health centers cannot make up for the work on women’s health that Planned Parenthood centers take care of. To suggest that somehow that is going to make up for what Planned Parenthood does is simply not the case. 
Mr. Speaker, this reconciliation legislation amounts to the futile 61st attempt at repealing the Affordable Care Act. It also represents the Republican’s continued assault on women’s right. 
defund Planned Parenthood, and the recently enacted legislation forming a new select subcommittee will continue a fraudulent investigation into Planned Parenthood, and I think that is appalling. This investigation and this effort in reconciliation are nothing more than a radical assault on women’s health. 
away a woman’s right to choose what is best for her and her family as well as her right to choose the healthcare provider that best meets her healthcare needs. This isn’t just an attack on Planned Parenthood. This is an attack on all women across the country. 
I am also disappointed that the reconciliation instructions would repeal the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which is part of the Affordable Care Act. There is nothing more important than the Prevention Fund. My colleague, the chairman of our committee, suggested it was a slush fund. Nothing could be further from the truth. Less than 4 months ago the House 
voted overwhelmingly to support the 21st Century Cures Act, which was one of my chairman’s goals, was to pass that bill. With that vote, we all agreed on the importance of making investments to spur innovation to develop new treatment and cures, investments that could reduce the human toll of disease and reduce the financial strain that disease places on public and private healthcare payers. 
in developing new cures and treatments matter, we know that investments and prevention pay off. According to the Trust for America’s Health, every dollar spent on communitybased interventions generates a return of $5.60. 
have economic benefits, such investments can potentially prevent the human suffering that results from disease. I don’t see how anyone can be against that goal. 
respect to the chairman of my committee, if we were to get rid of the Prevention Fund, I don’t see any point in having the 21st Century Cures Act because the money is similar. One goes for prevention, and the other goes also for prevention. 
This legislation is harmful, unnecessary, and will never become law. I urge all Members to reject it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
commend Chairman PRICE and Chairman U PTON for the work that they 
have done—Energy and Commerce is an authorizing committee, and Chairman PRICE is the Budget Committee—making certain that we meet the targets for reconciliation. 
One of the things we have heard repeatedly from our constituents is the U.S. House of Representatives is responsible for this Nation getting their fiscal house in order. It is an imperative. We know we are not going to have a silver bullet that does it overnight. Those silver bullets don’t exist. 
the right steps at the right time and put a bill on the President’s desk. The President has the choice to say, I agree with you. Let’s move this Nation to fiscal health, or he will veto the bill. And, of course, our goal is to get it over to the Senate so they can do their work and we can see that step of the process take place. 
reconciliation that I do come to strongly support. I think it is imperative that the Affordable Care Act, which has proven to be so unaffordable, too expensive to use, too expensive to purchase—insurance gets you to the queue, not to the doctor. We all know 
What we have learned is that the administration has recently cut in half their enrollment projections for next year. This should trouble everybody because this is something that we said. 
We know from history, from governmentrun programs, that those expectations many times are not met. So then you see a movement into damage control. We are taking the right steps to begin to rein this in and to break this program apart. 
I think it is important to note, as we 
look at the ObamaCare program and the steps we are taking to eliminate portions of that program, that just this week, with the coops that were put in place—and, by the way, about a billion taxpayer dollars spent on those coops and nine—nine of those coops have now failed. They failed, poof, gone. It is these findings that are raising the questions that Americans have for: Look, the program isn’t working. 
do is stop this before it becomes too entrenched to change because people are 
not getting access to care and money is being wasted on healthcare delivery theories that clearly do not work. 
This bill repeals the individual mandate, the employer mandate, the Cadillac tax, the medical device tax, ends auto enrollment, and ends the Public Health Fund, which is a slush fund. When you are paying for pet neutering and other things out of a prevention fund, yes, it is a slush fund, and it needs to be clawed back. 
In addition, there is a 1year moratorium on the funds for Planned Parenthood while Congress completes its investigation into the practices that have taken place around fetal tissues. 
H.R. 3762 is a net tax cut, a net 
spending cut, and reduces the deficit. I urge support. 
As I said, now our vice chair of the 
committee also is going into all the reasons why we should repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
Chairman, I would like to just read, if I could, from the Statement of Administration Policy. This is the President’s statement about why this bill should not pass. He says: 
‘‘The administration strongly opposes House passage of H.R. 3762. The House now has attempted to repeal or undermine the Affordable Care Act more than 50 times. By repealing numerous key elements of current law, H.R. 3762 would take away critical benefits and health care coverage from hardworking middleclass families. The bill also would remove policies that are expected to help slow the growth in health care costs and that have improved the quality of care patients receive. H.R. 3762 would increase 
from the work that Congress could be doing to foster job creation and economic growth.’’ 
and is fully integrated into an improved American healthcare system. Discrimination based on preexisting conditions is a thing of the past. Under the Affordable Care Act, we have seen the slowest growth in healthcare prices in nearly 50 years benefiting all Americans. 
Repealing key elements of the Affordable Care Act would result in millions of individuals remaining uninsured or losing the insurance they have today. An estimated 17.6 million Americans gained coverage as several of the Affordable Care Act’s coverage provisions have taken effect, 15.3 million since the beginning of the first open enrollment in October 2013. This legislation would roll back coverage gains and would cost millions of hardworking middle class families the security of affordable health coverage they deserve. 
have implications far beyond these Americans who have or will gain insurance. More than 150 million Americans with employerbased insurance would be at risk of higher premiums and lower wages or losing their coverage altogether. Reforms that strengthen Medicare’s longterm finances also would be repealed, likely making Medicare’s Hospital Insurance Trust Fund insolvent earlier. 
H.R. 3762 also would defund the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which was created to help prevent disease, detect it early, and manage conditions before they become severe; limit women’s health care choices; and disproportionately impact lowincome individuals. 
battles by once again voting to repeal basic protections that provide security for the middle class, Members of Congress should be working together to grow the economy, strengthen middle class families, and create new jobs. 
reconciliation act. To suggest that somehow we should repeal the Affordable Care Act after all the good things that it is doing to help Americans obtain health care, have access to health care, and lower costs, there is absolutely no justification for it. I thought that the Republicans would stop doing this months ago, but here they are at it again. I don’t really understand it. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ), a member of the 
strong support of H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. 
on significant portions of ObamaCare, striking onerous tax and mandate provisions, and laying the groundwork for a new President elected in 2016 to complete a full replacement plan of ObamaCare—not repeal—repeal and replacement. 
According to the Congressional Budget Office, the package reduces the deficit by nearly $130 billion and provides a 1year moratorium on all Federal mandatory funding for Planned Parenthood, a moratorium to Planned Parenthood, but that funding is redirected elsewhere, to community health organizations that do a fine job across this country. 
ObamaCare fund, known as the Prevention and Public Health Fund, which gives the Secretary of Health and Human Services billions of dollars to spend each year with little accountability. 
All Members of Congress should recognize that that responsibility belongs to us here in this branch of government and not in the executive branch. Funds from this program have financed questionable programs, and there has been waste. Some Democrats have joined in calling for its termination. 
The Energy and Commerce Committee sections also direct that the Planned Parenthood funding will go to other organizations’ highqualityaccess healthcare options both for women and men. 
Education and Workforce and Ways and Means Committees also include the repeal of a series of significant pieces of ObamaCare, including the repeal of the individual and employer mandates, the repeal of the 40 percent excise Cadillac tax—and there is no one I know who favors that Cadillac tax, certainly those hardworking men and women who are in labor organizations in this country—and that forces people to accept different insurance coverage from the coverage they knew and liked, and it includes the repeal of the medical device tax, which increases the cost of care, discourages medical innovation, and harms job creation, particularly in my home State of New Jersey. 
Because the legislation was developed through the reconciliation process, it will be protected from a filibuster in the Senate and could be passed in that body by a simple majority. I call for majority passage in the Senate of the United States. Reconciliation is our best chance to send meaningful legislation to the President’s desk. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
‘‘Here we go again,’’ on the 61st attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act, I mean, give us a break. It is a 
waste of everybody’s time. I don’t know why we are going through this exercise. 
need to reconcile our budget. I do not, however, understand the impulse to do so by gutting both the Affordable Care Act and an organization that provides vital preventive services to more than 2 million Americans, and that is Planned Parenthood. 
money in the long term. Yet this shortsighted measure would abolish the Affordable Care Actcreated Prevention and Public Health Fund, which is our government’s sole investment in prevention. 
have seen the ample returns on this investment in my hometown of the Bronx, where the fund sponsors healthier meals, antismoking campaigns, and increased access to vaccinations. This fund should not be gutted. This bill ignores the progress that the fund is making not only towards saving money but, more importantly, towards saving lives. 
funding for Medicaid reimbursement to Planned Parenthood—again, yet another politically motivated attempt to demonize Planned Parenthood based on discredited allegations of wrongdoing. As I have said repeatedly, more than half of Planned Parenthood centers are in rural or underserved areas where health care is already hard to come by. Yet some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle want to make it even harder to access HIV and STI tests, breast and cervical cancer screenings, and other lifesaving services. 
this bill and to continue to provide preventative care to our country’s most underserved citizens. This is what we should be doing, not making it harder for them to get the help they need. 
my friend from New Jersey how many speakers he has remaining on his side. We are prepared to close. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 6
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Michigan has 6
the part of this reconciliation that eliminates funding for Planned Parenthood and related agencies. 
Basically, the reconciliation instructions would prohibit Federal funding under Medicaid as well as under SCHIP—the children’s health fund— and social services’ block grants to prohibited entities that are defined as 
planning, reproductive health services, and related medical care, and those that provide abortions beyond limited circumstances. 
Now, the thing that is most disturbing to me is the ideological bent. We know that the Supreme Court says that abortion is legal and that women have a right to choose; but this goes way beyond even the abortion issue by talking about family planning and reproductive health services. My colleagues continue to say that there are alternatives to Planned Parenthood, but the reality is that there are not because it is the main provider for family planning, reproductive health services, and related medical care. 
to define this as relating to abortion, but the bottom line is that Planned Parenthood and similar entities provide all kinds of services for women’s health and even for some men, and you are denying them access. So I do kind of resent the fact that there is this suggestion that you are going to allow access at community health centers, because I know, from my own experience, that community health centers are limited—there aren’t that many—and they don’t have the ability to provide these services, particularly this kind of specialty care that women deserve and that women should have. 
longstanding freedom of choice protections that ensure that a woman in the Medicaid program can see the qualified provider she trusts. Remember, when you are talking about Medicaid in particular, you are talking about poor women. You are talking about vulnerable women who will lose access to care because Medicaid is their major source of funding if they want to get care. 
any kind that would leave millions of American women without key preventative health services, including birth control, lifesaving cancer screenings, STI testing and treatment, wellwoman exams, and advice on family planning. Federal rules protect the right of Medicaid beneficiaries to seek care from trusted and medically qualified providers of their choosing. 
debate into what we call ‘‘any willing provider.’’ The idea was that you could decide as a woman—or as anyone— where to go. If an agency provided the services and if it were qualified, you could choose to go there. Now you are breaking that for ideological reasons. My concern is: Where do we go next? We then say that you can’t go to a hospital because it is Catholic or that you can’t go to a clinic because it is Jewish. How are you supposed to define, ideologically, which provider you can go to if you now put the ideological bent on it as saying you can’t go to a provider that may, at one of its clinics—not even the one you go to—provide abortion services? This is a protection that has existed 
for a long time, and you are breaking it. This is the wrong bill—wrong because it repeals the Affordable Care Act, wrong because it denies women access to important care. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, I really thank Chairman PRICE for the budget process that 
we have seen this year. One of the toughest votes any Member has, whether the Republicans are in charge or the Democrats—either side—is the passage of a budget. For a lot of years, at least on our side of the aisle, we complained bitterly that the Senate was never able to pass a budget for, probably, 4 or 5 years, I want to say. 
a responsible budget in the House, and the Senate passed a budget. 
that the budget, itself, does not go to the President for his signature or veto. It is just the roadmap for us, and it sets up the stage where we can use reconciliation. This is a process, I want to say, President Reagan used for the first time back in the eighties. I worked at the White House then. 
This is a way that you don’t need the 
60vote threshold that most bills require in the Senate. You only need 50 votes. So that budget process, by getting a conference agreement, was nurtured through the two bodies—the House and the Senate. Then began the process of reconciliation within the authorizing committees. Our committee—Energy and Commerce—Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, and others can come up with a real savings to match that budget target that we set last spring. 
That is what this is. It is reconciliation. It is a coming together based on the budget, and this, in fact, is a bill that goes to the President. In the Statement of Administration Policy, we are expecting a veto, but at least we are getting the job done. We are delivering on what we said we would do, and we are getting the bill to the President for action either way. 
again thank Chairman PRICE and others and my fellow committee chairs for their hard work because it is. It is hard work to get a bill to the House floor, particularly one that actually does reduce the deficit, something that many of us on both sides of the aisle actually support. 
my time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE), and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control the balance of my time. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) be allowed to control the next 10 minutes of debate time as the designee of the ranking member. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE), 
the chair of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and I ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control the next 10 minutes of debate time as my designee. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. I thank Chairman PRICE 
I rise today in strong support of Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. 
time jobs, loss of insurance coverage, less access to trusted healthcare providers, those are just some of the harmful consequences stemming from the President’s flawed healthcare law— a law that is wreaking havoc on families and small businesses across the country. 
County, Tennessee, moved to close local schools due to severe budgetary challenges. According to the county director of schools, ObamaCare is ‘‘the straw that broke the camel’s back.’’ This local official said it is very difficult for the school district to ‘‘meet the mandates of the law.’’ Of course, that is what school leaders, college administrators, smallbusiness owners, and others have been saying for years. Employers, working families, teachers, and students are paying the price for the President’s government takeover of health care. 
tool we have to dismantle this flawed healthcare scheme, and the bill before us today will do just that. The Education and the Workforce Committee has helped play a role in this effort. 
The committee recently passed a proposal that will repeal a costly and unnecessary mandate in the healthcare law, known as auto enrollment. As the name suggests, this mandate requires certain employers to automatically enroll employees in the governmentapproved health insurance. It may not sound like a big deal, but this one mandate will create costly confusion for employers and employees, will penalize those already enrolled in coverage, and will take wages out of the paychecks of hardworking Americans. The mandate is so complex, Mr. Speaker, that, after 4 years, the Department of Labor still hasn’t figured out how to enforce it. 
Washington to focus on their priorities. By supporting H.R. 3762, we can reduce 
spending and rein in our Nation’s deficit and debt, and we can send a bill to the President that will dismantle his flawed healthcare law. These are leading priorities of the American people that this proposal helps to advance. 
I urge my colleagues to seize this important opportunity by supporting this legislation. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, the House will take yet another vote on the Affordable Care Act. More specifically today, we will vote on whether or not we want to support a budget reconciliation process that will seek to take away health insurance from millions of Americans—but this isn’t a new exercise. 
voted about 60 times to repeal or to undermine the law. There have been multiple lawsuits filed, and countless attacks have been mounted—all with the same goal of turning the clock backwards on the progress we have made. 
Before Congress passed the Affordable Care Act, healthcare costs were skyrocketing. That was before the Affordable Care Act. In the months before we passed the bill, there were months during which 14,000 people a day were losing their health insurance. Women were routinely charged more for insurance than men. If you had a preexisting condition, you may not have been able to get insurance at all; or if you lost your job or wanted a new business and had a preexisting condition, you were just out of luck. 
a system that didn’t work for American families, and as a result of the ACA, more than 17 million uninsured Americans have gained health insurance. Today, young Americans can stay on their parents’ policies until they are 26. If you have a preexisting condition, you can get healthcare insurance at the standard rate; so, if you want to change jobs or start a business or start a family, you have healthcare options even if you have a preexisting condition. Further, the healthcare cost growth has slowed, resulting in the lowest annual increase in healthcare spending in at least 50 years. 
Act is working, and it is even clearer that we should not revert back to the way things were before the ACA when those with preexisting conditions couldn’t get health insurance, when young people had few or no coverage options, and when, of course, the costs were skyrocketing. 
that dismantles the law without any credible alternative to ensure that millions of Americans won’t, once again, be left out in the cold; so I urge my colleagues to protect healthcare insurance by opposing this bill. 
my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), a member of the 
KLINE and Chairman P RICE for their instrumental work in putting this package together. 
President’s healthcare law has led to higher costs, less access to doctors, and fewer choices. This is why it is so important to make commonsense fixes to this law. 
21st District, constituents tell me they want Members of Congress to work together to ease the pain this law has created for so many North Country families and businesses. By moving employersponsored healthcare coverage away from a voluntary and flexible model, the President’s healthcare law has created countless penalties and mandates, including one that requires certain employers to automatically enroll their fulltime employees in healthcare coverage. 
This auto enrollment mandate creates confusion for my constituents, and, by triggering tax penalties, it actually creates duplicative costs for employees who might already have health insurance. For example, if veterans in my district who are eligible for TRICARE or if North Country college students stay on their parents’ healthcare plans and then get jobs, they will be automatically enrolled in unnecessary and duplicative plans unless they know about this confusing provision and decline coverage within a set amount of time. 
is not in line with the patientcentered healthcare system this country deserves. 
under consideration today, would eliminate this misguided mandate, and it does not take away an employee’s ability to opt in and enroll in their employer’s healthcare coverage. 
getting rid of the onerous and duplicative mandate known as auto enrollment. This commonsense fix will save Americans hardearned money. It will protect workers from a onesizefitsall healthcare system. It saves the Federal Government billions of dollars. 
I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
opposition to H.R. 3762, which would make getting health coverage more difficult and more expensive for millions of hardworking Americans. Today 17 million Americans who had 
been uninsured now have highquality, affordable health coverage. We should not overlook this fact. Across the country, people are now able to live their lives, to pursue careers, to start families without the looming fear that any medical emergency could bankrupt them. 
send our country back to a time when hardworking people couldn’t access preventive services, when injuries and illnesses were not only physically debilitating, but could also be financially crippling. 
and fighting for your life to beat it and then facing the prospect of losing your home because you are torn between paying a mortgage and paying for life saving treatment. No one should have to face that choice. 
the fact that Members of both parties have ideas for improving the Affordable Care Act that are worthy of consideration. We just heard one from Ms. STEFANIK of New York. 
issues of common interest, the House is using its time to debate an unrealistic measure that would simply push health care beyond the reach of hardworking people in communities across this country and, yet again, on top of that, try to defund Planned Parenthood. 
So I urge my colleagues to join me in 
me rejecting this bill. Let’s get back to the table and work together. 
minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), the chairman of the 
rise today in support of Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. I thank Chairmen KLINE, RYAN, UPTON , and P RICE and 
their staffs for the work and leadership on this important bill. 
30 years caring for patients, I am keenly aware of the negative impact that the President’s healthcare law has had on the American healthcare system. The mandates, tax increases, wasteful spending, failed Web sites, coops, including ObamaCare, put a strain on hardworking families, and it has succeeded only in making our already struggling economy worse. 
This bill repeals the individual mandate, the employer mandate, stops the damaging and progressive Cadillac and medical device taxes, which have strong bipartisan support, and is estimated to save about $79 billion. Further, it will protect workers from having to purchase insurance plans they may not want or need by excusing them from the auto enrollment provision. 
This bill does not accomplish everything we need to to right the wrongs of ObamaCare, but it is a strong step in the right direction. By using the reconciliation process to repeal the most 
keeping our promise to the American people to protect them from this fatally flawed law. 
level, where I live. I was mayor in Johnson City, Tennessee. I just met with the folks there. They have $185,000 they have to pay into a reinsurance fund. They have 1,000 employees and a large HR department. 
to figure out whether they are complying with all of the regulations, and the city manager said: Under no circumstances will we hire anybody to work more than 25 hours a week because we cannot afford to do that in our local situation. 
help reform our Nation’s healthcare system, and there is no question it was broken before ObamaCare. Unfortunately, this law has only made things harder and more expensive for too many Americans. 
I hear over and over again Republicans don’t have any alternatives. Well, here is one right here, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, a 193page bill which lowers cost, increases access, and gives more freedom to patients. Also, H.R. 2300, Dr. PRICE’s bill, does 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). 
Speaker, here we go again. We are back here using valuable legislative time to make a doomed attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act. 
Next week the highway bill will expire. The week after that we are facing the prospect of defaulting on our Nation’s debt. Next month we could shut down government because we don’t have a longterm budget. 
Affordable Care Act, defunding Planned Parenthood, because maybe the 65th time it will stick? 
that the Affordable Care Act has insured over 17 million Americans and that Planned Parenthood provides care to 2.7 million patients a year, often in underserved areas of our country. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle seem determined to replay these issues, despite the fact that we have already voted on them. 
important timesensitive issues we need to deal with. We need to fund our highway system. We need to pay our bills. We need to keep government open. These are the very basic functions we were elected to perform. These are the minimum of what families need and expect from us. 
debating backward, ideological bills that roll back important progress made for women and families who are working hard to get to and stay in the middle class. 
this partisan attempt to repeal the Affordable Care Act and defund Planned Parenthood. Let’s get back to solving this Nation’s problems. 
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), a member of 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for affording me the opportunity to address such a critical issue. 
This reform package will protect taxpayer dollars while reforming some of the most egregious portions of the Affordable Care Act. As a member of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am proud to support language included in this bill that would repeal the harmful auto enrollment mandate of the ACA. This provision, which would apply to companies with 200 or more employees, would otherwise move employees into a preapproved governmentmanaged health insurance plan. 
and mandates was never the solution to curb rising healthcare costs and to increase access to insurance markets. I was a freshman Member in Congress in 2009 when many of the individuals speaking today took part in a 24hour long markup of an earlier version of the ACA. 
Mr. Speaker, some of these provisions lacked all common sense and that holds true today. Half a decade later the Department of Labor is still struggling to find a way to enforce auto enrollment. 
Say what you want about the Affordable Care Act, this is plain unworkable. Repealing this provision will save $1 billion and maintain flexibility for employers in structuring health insurance benefits for their employees. 
Mr. Speaker, my Democratic colleagues on the other side of the aisle are just in denial. Since its passage, the ACA has been amended more than 50 times, and the bulk of these were changes they supported and were signed into law by the President. We should not stop there. 
the ACA, and the American people deserve as much. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, could I inquire of the gentleman from Virginia how many more speakers he has? 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
You know, when I go out in our district, people want choice. I think the topdown elements of the Affordable 
Care Act are creating tremendous burdens on our people who demand that we give particularly our small business community and our employees the opportunity to have the right choice. 
Freedom Reconciliation Act is important legislation that repeals many of the most harmful provisions in ObamaCare. ObamaCare has had a devastating effect since its passage. 
employer mandates, the medical device tax, and the outrageous Cadillac tax which, again, does not allow for folks to choose the plan they want. This thereby unburdens our families and our businesses from the harmful effects of these mandates. 
grow the economy, and reduce the size and scope of the Federal Government and restore fiscal responsibility in Washington. 
Passing a balanced budget amendment that repeals the jobkilling ObamaCare provisions is a good start. Republicans in Congress are continuing to fight to rein in Washington’s spending problem and get our economy on the right track. 
Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important legislation to give our people the opportunity to choose how they would like to have their health care rendered. 
one from the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal Employees of the AFL–CIO, another from the AFL–CIO, and another one from America’s Essential Hospitals. 
million members of the American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees (AFSCME), I urge you to oppose the budget reconciliation bill (H.R. 3762). This bill would gut the Affordable Care Act (ACA), jeopardizing the ability of millions of Americans to see a doctor, get medications or go to the hospital when needed. H.R. 3762 would create extensive upheaval in health care coverage for children, working families, retirees and individuals with disabilities. 
individual responsibility requirements which the Congressional Budget Office and the Joint Committee on Taxation estimate would cause as many as 15 million to lose their health coverage, 20% of whom would be children. In the individual market, premiums would increase by an estimated 20% over premiums expected under current law. Rather than helping Americans achieve greater financial security in an unbalanced economy, H.R. 3762 would put millions at risk of financial hardship and even ruin from an unexpected illness. 
Public Health Fund, eliminating the nation’s largest single investment in prevention and 
by preventing chronic diseases. Repealing this fund also puts our nation at risk of being unprepared for emerging epidemics and other public health crises. 
We are also opposed to the repeal of the 
modest excise tax on the medical device industry, which has profited substantially from the expansion of health coverage under the ACA. We also oppose the elimination of federal funding for women’s health services provided by Planned Parenthood for one year. This provision will block millions of women from having access to health care services. 
The bill also repeals the 40% tax on high 
cost, employersponsored health benefits. We agree that the 40% tax should be repealed in order to keep health care affordable for working families. However, repeal of this tax should not be included in a bill that would eliminate health coverage for millions of workers. 
AFL–CIO, I urge you to oppose the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act (H.R. 3762). This bill will undermine the coverage expansions of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and restrict women’s access to safetynet medical services. 
The ACA has enabled 171.6 million uninsured people to gain health insurance coverage. Many of these individuals—2.3 million—are young adults who are trying to establish financial independence. Many others are people who could not obtain coverage from their employer or who found coverage in the individual market to be unaffordable. We cannot take a giant step backward in exposing these individuals to the risk that their medical care will be unaffordable or that a catastrophic illness will bankrupt their families. H.R. 3762 will repeal elements of the ACA that enable the coverage expansions to work, resulting in a loss of coverage for millions. 
targets Medicaid funding for nonprofit providers of women’s health care services, eliminating payments for these services for one year for certain providers. The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) estimates that many women will lose access to medical services. Their report on the bill notes, ‘‘The people most likely to experience reduced access to care would probably reside in areas without access to other health care clinics or medical practitioners who serve lowincome populations.’’ It is simply unacceptable to cut women off from these services. 
It is true that the legislation repeals the 40 
percent health benefits tax, which we believe should not be part of a health reform law aimed at keeping care affordable. The tax was intended to increase the outofpocket costs of people with employerbased coverage so they would use fewer services, thereby reducing expenditures on health care. We oppose this policy because it will shift costs to workers without directly addressing the major cost drivers in the healthcare system. However, repeal of the tax does not belong in legislation intended to eliminate coverage for millions of workers. 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER AND REPRESENTA TIVE PELOSI : On behalf of America’s Essential Hospitals, it’s more than 250 member hospitals and health systems, and the millions of people we serve every year, I am 
writing to express my grave concern regarding H.R. 3762, Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. America’s Essential Hospitals is the leading association and champion for hospitals and health systems dedicated to high quality care for all, including the most vulnerable. Our members are vital to their communities, providing primary care through trauma care, disaster response, health professional training, research, public health programs, and other services. 
that we believe would damage the ability of all people—particularly the lowincome and vulnerable—I to access high quality health care. While we appreciate the legislation’s inclusion of a repeal of the Independent Payment Advisory Board, which could usurp Congress’ authority over health care entitlements, there are five provisions in the legislation that we oppose as written: 
not have a formal position on either the individual or employer mandates, we steadfastly support policies that promote health care coverage. We know that health care coverage—whether it be through employerbased insurance, Medicare, Medicaid, through an exchange, or in another venue—ultimately promotes access to care and saves lives. Independent analysists have consistently found that repeal of the individual and employer mandates would significantly erode coverage. Without provisions to retain coverage for affected individuals, we believe Congress should reconsider eliminating the mandates. 
America’s Essential Hospitals firmly opposes repeal of the Prevention and Public Health Fund. The fund represents a significant and needed investment in prevention and public health, particularly for the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), which receives more than 90 percent of the fund’s resources. In 2015 the fund provided (among other items): 
∑half of the funding for CDC efforts to prevent heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. 
a specific health care provider, the reconciliation bill would amend Medicaid statute in an unprecedented way. In what is known as the ‘‘any willing provider’’ provision, federal Medicaid law allows beneficiaries to receive services from any provider that is qualified to perform the service or services. This provision—which has never been waived for fee forservice population—promotes access care for beneficiaries in a program that all too often lacks adequate access due, in part, to inadequate reimbursement. By undermining this critical protection, the reconciliation legislation would set a destabilizing precedent that could lead to further restrictions to access for our nation’s most vulnerable people. 
the opportunity to provide our thoughts on the pending reconciliation legislation. We 
strongly urge you to reconsider this bill and work with all stakeholders to find consensusbased innovative ways to reduce health care spending without damaging access to care for millions of people. 
I yield any remaining time left to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VAN 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, we have 
heard a good debate here today. We have talked about doing some commonsense things. This bill does not repeal all of ObamaCare, but it certainly repeals some egregious aspects of it. 
on ending the auto enrollment feature saves $7.9 billion and removes something that even the administration can’t figure out how to implement. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has 9 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Maryland has 12
Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. May I inquire, Mr. Speaker, of my friend from Maryland how many speakers he has remaining? 
have more speakers, but they are not with us on the floor at the moment. I am not sure exactly how many there are either. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Does the chairman have additional 
that case, in the interest of time, would the gentleman be interested, since we have 9 minutes and 12
1⁄2minutes left and no other speakers, in agreeing that we will each take 5 minutes to close? 
and I am sorry to report that as I come here to close the debate, not much has changed from when we started this debate this morning. This is still, in my view, an unproductive end to an already unproductive and shameful week. 
the spectacle of a kangaroo courtstyle special Benghazi hearing, using taxpayers’ dollars, engaged in a political witch hunt, abuse of power, misuse of taxpayer dollars, and in fact the Republican majority leader himself, Mr. MCCARTHY , told the country that that 
was all about bringing down Secretary Clinton’s poll numbers. 
Then, just earlier this week, we pretended, in passing a piece of legislation, that the United States doesn’t have to pay all the bills that are due and owing. We passed a piece of legislation that says we will only pay some of our bills but not all of our bills. No American citizen can get up in the morning and say: ‘‘You know what? I am not going to pay my mortgage bill. I will only pay my car payment.’’ When a country like the United States puts its full faith and credit at risk, it puts the entire economy of our country and the international economic order at risk. 
But to add insult to injury, in passing a piece of legislation that said the United States will only pay some of our bills, so forget about that full faith and credit, we passed legislation that says, well, we are going to pay the big bondholders first. So China gets paid first. Wall Street gets paid first. Troops don’t get paid. Veterans don’t get paid. Doctors providing Medicare services, they don’t get paid. 
passing a piece of legislation to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, which, according to the analysis of the Congressional Budget Office, will cost 15 million Americans access to affordable health care, including 3 million children. 
Now, I have heard some of our colleagues come to the floor and say, well, we want to improve the Affordable Care Act in certain ways. We understand that the Affordable Care Act is not perfect, but a piece of legislation that takes away affordable health care from 15 million Americans, that is nothing to celebrate. That is nothing to be proud of. We shouldn’t be doing that here on the floor of the House, taking away access to health care for women at places like Planned Parenthood, when the chairman of the Oversight Committee, Mr. CHAFFETZ , has 
also stated on national television that they didn’t violate any laws and later said that they hadn’t engaged in inappropriate activity. 
that kind of answer with respect to Benghazi, when the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence in the House and the Committee on Armed Services in the House concluded that there had been no wrongdoing in the tragedy in Benghazi, our Republican colleagues invented the Select Committee on Benghazi. When they didn’t get the answer they wanted on Planned Parenthood, they invented a special committee on Planned Parenthood that is going to waste taxpayer money, just as the Select Committee on 
chart that shows just how fed up the American people are with what is happening here in the House. The problem is everything we have done this week, from the Benghazi hearings to pretending the United States will only pay part of its bills—and when we do, we are going to pay China first—to dismantling the Affordable Care Act or attempting to do it for the 61st time. They want us working on the important issues. 
transportation infrastructure system is going to run out of money. In just a few more weeks, the Federal Government will shut down if we can’t come together and work something out. I have introduced the Prevent a Government Shutdown Act. I tried to get a vote on it here on the floor today, but the Committee on Rules said no. Their priority was not to prevent the government from shutting down in a couple weeks. Their priority was, for the 61st time, to dismantle the Affordable Care Act, even at the cost of 15 million Americans’ affordable health insurance. 
issues of this country. Let’s invest in our infrastructure. Let’s shut down some of the tax loopholes that perversely incentivize American corporations to move jobs and capital overseas and invest it here at home. Let’s make sure we lift the unproductive caps, sequester caps that are slowing down economic growth right now, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Let’s invest in our kids’ education. Let’s invest in scientific research, and let’s do it while we shut down some of these ridiculous tax breaks for hedge fund managers. We should end this inversion that is going on where U.S. corporations just change their address to some tax haven overseas to escape their responsibility to the American taxpayers and their country. 
to take care of—instead, Benghazi, pay China first, pass this legislation to take away health care from 15 million Americans, including 3 million American kids. 
We can do better. We can do a lot 
better, Mr. Speaker. Let’s defeat this legislation and get on with the real work of the American people. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
outset of this, we heard a lot of things talked about on the other side, many of which had nothing to do with the piece of legislation before us. 
legislation are the harmful effects of ObamaCare. What has ObamaCare actually done? 7.5 million Americans paid the individual mandate tax in 2014, an average of about $200. That is going up 
in terms of numbers and in terms of dollars. 
people have seen increased deductibles since this law went into place, so much so that many individuals aren’t able to pay their deductible, which means they are denied care, they don’t have care. They may have coverage, but they don’t have health care. A premium increase of $3,775, on average, instead of the $2,500 premium decrease that was promised by the President. 
will cost $2.4 billion, yet more than 420,000 Americans will lose coverage from the coop program because it doesn’t work, like the rest of this law. 
American people continue to oppose this law. Why? Let me suggest to you it is because the principles of health care have been violated by the law. 
We all want a system that is affordable for everybody. Does that occur in ObamaCare? No. 
for everybody. Is that the case in ObamaCare? Absolutely not. 
quality of care. As a formerly practicing physician, I can tell you that my former colleagues tell me that the quality is going down. 
We want a system that is full of innovation and responsiveness to the patients and choices for patients. Have any of those increased in ObamaCare? No. No. No. 
That is the problem that we have, and that is that the principles of health care are violated. 
do? It reduces the deficit by nearly $130 billion. It increases gross domestic product by over $55 billion. It eliminates the work disincentives and increases the labor supply. That means more jobs, Mr. Speaker. It increases capital investment. That means more jobs. It decreases Federal borrowing. That means more jobs and a healthier economy. 
groups are supporting the bill. In fact, Mr. Speaker, we have 42 individual groups supporting the bill: Susan B. Anthony List, Family Research Council, Americans for Tax Reform, National Taxpayers Union, Concerned Women for America, National Right to Life Committee, National Retail Federation, Americans for Prosperity, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Small Business and Entrepreneurship Council, Americans United for Life, and on and on and on. They support this because they know that this is what the American people want and it is what they deserve. 
Susan B. Anthony List (SBA List) and our 386,000 members nationwide, I urge you to 
funding to Planned Parenthood, America’s largest seller of abortions, for one year. The funding is instead redirected to community health centers, which provide comprehensive health care for women but do not perform abortions. 
Planned Parenthood does not need or deserve taxpayer funding. Most recently, undercover videos show that Planned Parenthood, America’s largest abortion business, has been engaged in unethical and possibly illegal abortion practices connected to the trafficking of unborn children’s organs for profit. 
abortion industry’s daytoday horrific practices. Over one million abortions are performed annually in the United States, with nearly 330,000 occurring in Planned Parenthood facilities, all the way up to 24 weeks of pregnancy, past the time when recent studies show that a substantial percentage of these children can be saved if treated with the best techniques of modern perinatal medicine. 
as prolife or prochoice, we should all be able to agree that taxpayer dollars should not be subsidizing an already cashflush industry. 
better use at local community health centers, which provide all the same health services Planned Parenthood does (and usually more), but do not perform brutal abortions and harvest body parts. 
Affordable Care Act, which SBA List has long opposed because of its antilife provisions. 
Family Research Council (FRC) and the hundreds of thousands of families we represent, I urge you to vote in favor of the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, which eliminates a significant portion of federal funding for Planned Parenthood Federation of American (PPFA) as well as several key provisions of the Patient Protection Affordable Care Act (PPACA) through the budget reconciliation process. Americans are outraged as they are made aware of what happens at abortion clinics, where life is only valued by the sum of body parts. FRC strongly supports the effort to eliminate a significant portion of PPFA’s federal funding through this effort. FRC has also supported repealing the Affordable Care Act and supports several provisions contained in this bill to repeal key provisions. FRC reserves the right to score in favor of votes for the Rule and will score in favor of votes for the bill. 
PPFA, despite its nonprofit status, received over $528 million in federal, state and local government grants and contracts in 2013–2014, and reported a total revenue of over $1.3 billion. According to a March 2015 
GAO report, PPFA received $401.29 million in reimbursements from federalstate programs such as Medicaid, CHIIP and Medicare in 2012. Of that $400.45 million was provided to PPFA through Medicaid. For 2010–2012 those three programs funded PPFA a whopping $1.186 billion, of which 99.9% came from Medicaid. While an effort to defund Planned Parenthood has been blocked in the Senate due to the 60 vote cloture threshold, we believe an effort to defund a significant portion of PPFA’s government revenue through the reconciliation process, which is subject to a 51 vote threshold, is entirely appropriate and possible. While past efforts to defund abortion in reconciliation were subject to a Byrd rule point of order, the provision in the House bill is different. It excludes funding for certain entities. 
will restrict for one year funding under several mandatory programs such as Medicaid to entities that receive over $350 million and which provide abortion services, other than for cases resulting from rape or incest or cases in which the life of the mother is at 
risk. CBO estimates this provision would save an estimated $235 million. The reconciliation instructions would allow funding in the amount of $235 million to community health centers, which do not provide abortion. In essence, the Committee’s reconciliation instructions would defund a significant amount of federal funds PPFA receives and redirect funding to other health centers. 
reconciliation provides a way forward to defunding PPFA and passing this in the Senate with 51 votes. To avoid such an approach would diminish much of the effort Members in the House and Senate have engaged in so far to defund PPFA. 
of the PPACA which have the effect of threatening lifesaving treatment, which encourage subsidies for abortion coverage and which threaten conscience. Specifically, the bill would repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board which is established to control health care costs but which will result in government rationing of lifesaving care. 
mandate and its penalties, thereby allowing employers to offer health care plans to their employees that are prolife and avoid dropping their employees into exchange plans which may cover elective abortion. Moreover, repealing the employer mandate grants employers the option to forgo health care coverage and thereby escape the HHS preventive care services mandate, sometimes called the ‘‘contraception mandate’’, in which all employers offering group coverage must provide drugs and devices that can cause abortion in violation against their conscience. While the Supreme Court protected closely held businesses in the, ‘‘Hobby Lobby,’’ case, nonprofit employers such as the Little Sisters of the Poor and numerous other employers are still subject to the HHS mandate. Employers should not be forced by the federal government to cover health insurance that violate their conscience. 
mandate, allowing individuals to refuse to purchase insurance where there are no or few prolife alternatives. This is especially relevant for individuals who live in 26 states that did not opt out of elective abortion coverage. Currently, of the 24 states that allow abortion coverage (and which the federal government may subsidize), 4 states have no prolife plans, and in 9 states 90% of the plans cover elective abortion. Under the PPACA, those purchasing plans with elective abortion must pay an abortion surcharge, and the federal government subsidizes such plans in violation of the longstanding Hyde Amendment. Prolife individuals in these states should have more options. The abortion funding schemes in the PPACA would still need to be addressed. However, repealing the individual mandate removes penalties that force people to purchase health plans they find objectionable as it relates to abortion coverage. For these reasons, FRC supports the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act.’’ Again, FRC reserves the right to score in favor of votes for the Rule and will score in favor of votes for the bill. 
Right to Life Committee (NRLC), the federation of state righttolife organizations, urges you to support the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act’’ (H.R. 3762), which the House of Representatives will consider on October 23. NRLC intends to include the roll call on final passage of H.R. 3762 in our scorecard of key righttolife votes of the 1141h Congress, and we reserve the right to also score the vote on the Rule as well. 
the bill that would block, for one year, most federal payments to affiliates of the Planned Parenthood Federation of America (PPFA). It would close the largest pipeline for federal funding of Planned Parenthood, Medicaid, and apply as well to the CHIP and the Title V and Title XX block grant programs, thus covering roughly 89 percent of all federal funds to Planned Parenthood. The amounts denied to Planned Parenthood in effect are reallocated to community health centers. 
are performed at PPFAaffiliated facilities. Longstanding objections to the massive federal funding of PPFA have been reinforced by recent widely publicized undercover videos, which illuminate the callous brutality that occurs daily in these abortion mills. For additional uptodate information on the extent of Planned Parenthood’s involvement in abortion, see: wwvv.nr1c.org/communications/ppfamediabackground/. 
Obamacare law and advocated its repeal. With respect to H.R. 3762, we particularly endorse the components that would repeal the Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB) and the ‘‘excess benefits tax’’ (‘‘Cadillac Tax’’), both dangerous mechanisms that would ultimately contribute to the rationing of lifesaving care. 
We urge that you vote for the Rule, oppose 
any Motion to Recommit, and vote to pass this vital prolife bill. 
LEADER PELOSI : I write to share the strong 
support of the National Retail Federation (NRF) for H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015. Please note that NRF may consider votes on H.R. 3762 and related procedural motions as Opportunity Index Votes for our annual voting scorecard. 
great concern for NRF and the greater retail community. The ACA adversely influences 
staffing patterns, discourages fulltime employment and adds to the cost of goods in retail stores. NRF opposed enactment of the ACA in 2010 but has also worked steadfastly to change the law since its enactment. We support reasonable efforts to reduce the ACA’s cost burdens and ease compliance concerns. 
and improve the ACA are included in H.R. 3762. Repealing the employer mandate, the already harmful Cadillac Tax and automatic enrollment provisions are all strong NRFendorsed goals. We have supported bipartisan repeal efforts on each of these issues. NRF urges bipartisan support for these initiatives and the underlying legislation. 
path past the Senate procedural hurdles that have hampered progress on many of these priorities and advance them to the President’s desk. We urge the President to sign this legislation at his first opportunity. 
For all of these reasons, NRF strongly supports H.R. 3762. We therefore ask for your vote in favor of H.R. 3762 when it reaches the House floor. 
Commerce, the world’s largest business federation representing the interests of more than three million businesses of all sizes, sectors, and regions, as well as state and local chambers and industry associations, and dedicated to promoting, protecting, and defending America’s free enterprise system, supports several key provisions in H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015.’’ 
many of the most harmful sections of the Affordable Care Act (ACA). Indeed, repealing the employer mandate, the 40% excise tax on socalled ‘‘highcost’’ employer sponsored health plans, the medical device tax, and autoenrollment requirements would help control increasing health care costs and protect the employersponsored health care system. 
particular ACA provisions are causing employers and employees alike, the Chamber urges you to support H.R. 3762 and repeal the provisions in the ACA that are undermining the employersponsored health care system that over 160 million Americans rely on for their health care benefits. 
Obama’s healthcare law went into effect two years ago, the American people have been saddled with cancelled healthcare plans, higher taxes, and premium increases. On behalf of more than 2.8 million Americans for Prosperity activists in all 50 states, I write in support of the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015’’ (H.R. 3762) because it would relieve the American people of many of ObamaCare’s most significant burdens. 
endorsed many of these reforms in the past in standalone legislation—repealing the mandates on individuals and employers, repealing the medical device tax, repealing the tax on high cost employersponsored health plans, and repealing the Prevention and Public Health Fund. Overall, the reforms included in this package represent significant steps as we work toward full repeal of the President’s healthcare law. 
broad bipartisan support. Earlier this year, 46 House Democrats joined 234 of their Republican colleagues in supporting the standalone legislation to repeal the medical device tax (H.R. 160). Current legislation repealing the socalled ‘‘Cadillac tax’’ (H.R. 2050) has 146 Democrats and 19 Republicans listed as cosponsors. Past Congresses approved legislation repealing the ObamaCare Slush Fund (H.R. 1217) and delaying the individual mandate (H.R. 4015) with bipartisan votes, as well. 
We encourage you to support the reconciliation package when it comes to the floor for a vote. Thank you for your consistent leadership on this important issue. 
Chairman, Committee on the Budget, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
100,000 members of the Small Business & Entrepreneurship Council (SBE Council), I am pleased to support H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015.’’ 
referred to as ObamaCare, is raising health insurance costs for small businesses and the selfemployed, increasing deductibles on policies, increasing patient’s outofpocket exposure, and limiting health care choices. Higher costs and more regulatory hurdles mean less investment and fewer jobs being created by small businesses. 
H.R. 3762 repeals several important provisions of ObamaCare. Among other provisions, it would repeal the individual mandate that forces all Americans to buy expensive health insurance; repeals the employer mandate that forces America’s job creators to provide health insurance or pay taxes; repeals the Cadillac tax on robust health insurance plans; repeals the medical device tax that is adversely impacting innovative small companies that dominate the medical device sector; and repeals the Independent Physicians Advisory Board (IPAB) that would determine medical services for seniors. 
issue. SBE Council looks forward to working with you to advance H.R. 3762 into law. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Americans United for Life Action (AUL Action), the legislative arm of Americans United for Life, the legal architects of the prolife movement, I urge you to support continued efforts in the House to defund abortion providers, including Planned Parenthood, by voting for H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act.’’ AULA is grateful to House leadership for taking concrete actions to investigate Planned Parenthood in three Committees and now in the Select Committee. Including defunding abortion providers in H.R. 3762 is further evidence of House leadership’s commitment to Life, which we urge you to support. 
disentangle the American taxpayer from the Abortion Industry. The video footage recently released by the Center for Medical Progress (CMP) capturing Planned Parenthood’s top doctors and other personnel discussing its practice of harvesting the body parts of aborted babies in exchange for money has shocked the conscience of the nation. Planned Parenthood’s abhorrent and potentially illegal practice uncovered by the CMP is further proof that subsidizing Planned Parenthood is an inappropriate use of taxpayer dollars. 
Planned Parenthood’s Senior Medical Director, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, discussed in one of the videos how she strategically ‘‘crushes’’ the babies she aborts in order to best harvest their hearts, lungs and livers. These videos shed light for the American people to see Planned Parenthood for what it truly is, the abortion industry that puts profits ahead of anything else. 
The recorded conversations also raise serious concern that Planned Parenthood may be violating federal fetal tissue trafficking laws, the Partial Birth Abortion Ban—a law that Planned Parenthood’s Dr. Nucatola flippantly describes as ‘‘open to interpretation’’—and the federal Born Alive Infant Protection Act. As Americans United for Life has documented, Planned Parenthood’s harvesting of baby body parts is one of a growing list of scandals that should make Planned Parenthood ineligible for the tremendous amount of taxpayer dollars it takes in annually. 
that 40 percent of its nearly $1.3 billion in revenue came at the taxpayers’ expense. A 
report issued by the Government Accountability Office in March 2015 documented that Planned Parenthood receives half a billion dollars annually from federal and joint federalstate programs. The federal government has a responsibility to the American people to ensure the integrity of these programs. 
the government, Planned Parenthood operates the largest abortion business in the nation. Planned Parenthood clinics perform nearly 900 abortions every single day—327,653 abortions in 2013. According to Planned Parenthood’s most recent annual report, abortions were 94 percent of its pregnancy related services. 
Planned Parenthood’s abortion business. AULA thanks the House for passing important pieces of legislation including H.R. 3435, the ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act,’’ sponsored by Rep. Sean Duffy (R–WI). This bill would explicitly permit a state to exclude abortion providers and facilities where abortions are performed from its Medicaid program. AUL Action scored in favor of this important piece of legislation and urges the Senate to take up the companion piece of legislation, S. 2159, sponsored by Sen. David Vitter (R–LA). 
the House to disentangle the taxpayer from the scandal ridden abortion industry by voting for passage of H.R. 3762, the ‘‘Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act.’’ 
Speaker, what the American people have heard and seen today is a real contrast. There is no doubt about it. On the one hand, those of us on this side of the aisle are fighting to protect the American people from the harm that ObamaCare is doing to our healthcare system and to our economy. 
friends on the other side of the aisle are doing everything that they can to protect a broken status quo. They are defending a law that is contributing to higher healthcare costs, to less access to care, to lower quality of care, and an economy that is leaving too many Americans behind. 
provisions in the bill that we are talking about today have enjoyed bipartisan support in the past. When our Democrat colleagues bemoan the fact that we are actually trying to provide folks relief from the individual mandate or the employer mandate or the punitive taxes on medical innovation and the onerous provisions within ObamaCare, their protestations simply ring hollow. 
sure that our friends believe that, with enough Washington bureaucratic engineering, they can craft a healthcare system that will effectively serve the American people, despite the evidence that proves otherwise. We fundamentally disagree. 
responsive to the needs of patients and families and physicians will not come by way of Washington decree or mandates or tax penalties. We think that if you want to increase quality, affordable health care, if you want to improve the responsiveness of our system, then you need to trust the American people, trust them to make decisions for themselves and for their families rather than try to force them into some Washingtoncreated definition of care. 
The legislation we have been debating today will provide strong relief from the most coercive components of the President’s healthcare law. It will pave the way for the sort of patient centered healthcare reform that we ought to be implementing. In doing so, it will save the American taxpayer $130 billion over the next 10 years by lowering the amount of deficit spending we see here in Washington, and it will expand economic growth and opportunity. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues so very, very much. I want to thank the chairs of the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, and their committee members. I want to thank my colleagues here in this Chamber for this spirited and important debate. I look forward to the American people having the opportunity to learn more about who is really fighting to protect and promote the ability of patients and families and doctors to make medical decisions, not Washington, D.C. 
I urge support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance 
I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3762, the budget reconciliation bill. This bill is little more than a partisan attack on the health coverage for millions of Americans and access to women’s health care. 
the Affordable Care Act, which has succeeded in expanding health coverage to over 17 million Americans, including nearly 20,000 residents in the 29th District of Texas. 
Included in this legislation is a repeal of the 
Prevention and Public Health Fund, the federal government’s only dedicated investment in prevention and the Nation’s largest single investment in prevention. The Prevention Fund was enacted as part of ACA in response to the overwhelming bipartisan support for prevention efforts and recognition of the lack of targeted and sustained federal initiatives to address chronic and costly illnesses. 
Parenthood for 2016. Eliminating federal support for Planned Parenthood would limit or prevent women from accessing important health services such as contraception, cancer screenings, and STI tests and treatment. Women in communities with a shortage of other health care providers who serve lowincome patients would be the ones most likely to experience barriers to care. 
Health Subcommittee that worked endless hours authoring the Affordable Care Act six years ago, I ask my Republican colleagues to offer reasonable proposals to improve ACA. There are areas of the current law that I and many of my Democratic colleagues on this side of the aisle would be willing to consider 
changing. Unfortunately, the bill before the House today is another extreme proposal that would gut the heart out of ACA and take away the health coverage for millions of Americans. 
ACA has been a success beyond the wishes of its supporters and the most important expansion of health coverage since Medicare and Medicaid while slowing the growth of health care prices in nearly half a century. 
I urge my colleagues to vote against this extreme proposal. President Obama has already said he will veto this bill if it reaches his desk. I promise that his veto will be sustained by Congress. 
that this article from White House Blog entitled, ‘‘The Faces of Health Care: Joanne W.’’ regarding the benefits of the Affordable Healthcare Act be submitted. 
Joanne was able to sign up for Medicare at 
66. Her doctor told her there was an advancement to Medicare through ACA. After being on disability with no other health insurance, Joanne went in for a free annual wellness check once she had Medicare. At that very check they detected early caratoid artery stenosis—a condition that has no early symptoms, but if not treated can lead to a stroke or cardiac arrest. Because it was detected early she was immediately given medication and advice on diet and exercise. ‘‘Who would have thought after all my support for the ACA, my life would be saved by it,’’ she wrote in a letter to the President. 
will vote against H.R. 3762, the Restoring American’s Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act. This legislation is not a serious effort at deficit reduction. Rather it is an assault on the American public by gutting the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and badly undercutting women’s health services. 
The budget reconciliation process is supposed to reduce funding shortfalls, but instead this bill would increase America’s longterm 
deficits. Not only would it take health care away from 16 million Americans, but it would also make our families less safe by eliminating the Prevention and Public Health Fund, a program that, for example, has helped thousands of adults and teenagers quit smoking, deaths from which cost taxpayers over $100 billion each year. 
of Americans are newly enrolled in health insurance, many using financial assistance or enrolling in expanded Medicaid programs. In Oregon, over 100,000 individuals have enrolled using the health exchange marketplace and 75 percent of those Oregonians receive financial assistance. Over 1 million Oregonians have coverage through the expanded Medicaid or Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). This legislation takes away this coverage or dramatically increases premiums— undermining important patients’ rights and benefits along the way. 
is the fact that this charade used up precious time that ought to have been used to address real problems. In just a few days, America’s Highway Trust Fund will expire. If Congress rolled up its sleeves and found a solution to pay for America’s crumbling infrastructure, we could put hundreds of thousands of people to work, reduce the deficit, improve the economy, and strengthen the quality of life in communities across America. 
acts, America will default on our debt. When we came within one day of default in 2011, Republicans caused serious damage to the U.S. economy. The stock markets were hit hard, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunging 2,000 points in July and August of 2011. Standard & Poor’s, the ratings agency, downgraded the U.S. credit rating. As a result, taxpayers spent $1.3 billion more in interest payments because of the downgrade. In the four years since, due to the GOP’s continued brinksmanship, the S&P has not reversed that downgrade. 
It’s time to act responsibly and deal with difficult issues by offering real and thoughtful solutions. Let’s be clear—this vote, the 61st vote to repeal the ACA, is anything but responsible or thoughtful, and it is reckless in the extreme to hold the entire U.S. economy hostage to fringe economic demands. The Republican party needs to sideline reckless actors and the ideas they present, not bring them to the floor. 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 
be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 189, not voting 5, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry 
Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) 
Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM 
my friend, Mr. MCCARTHY , the majority leader, for purposes of telling us what the schedule will be for next week. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
Before I get into next week’s schedule, I do want to thank the gentleman for joining me in the Second Congressional Hackathon. 
to bring people together to envision a modernized Congress. Even as we speak, the congressional community, open government advocates, and code developers from the technology sector are gathered to explore how we can leverage technology to improve how Congress works for the American people. It is a good reminder that, even as we may disagree on many policy issues, we can work together to improve this institution. 
as well as the Clerk’s office for their work on today’s Hackathon. 
will meet at noon for morninghour and 2 p.m. for legislative business. Votes will be postponed until 6:30 p.m. On Tuesday and Wednesday, the House will meet at 10 a.m. for morninghour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. Last votes of the week are expected no later than 3 p.m. On Friday, no votes are expected in the House. 
a number of suspensions next week, including a necessary shortterm extension of the authorities under the highway trust fund. A complete list of suspensions will be announced by close of business today. 
H.R. 1090, the Retail Investor Protection Act, sponsored by Representative ANNWAGNER . This bill provides relief 
from the Department of Labor’s proposed rule to redefine ‘‘fiduciary.’’ Once finalized, the Department’s rule will shut out millions of low and middleincome investors from getting retirement savings advice. Instead, our bill will ensure coordination between the Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission to determine whether it is even necessary to establish a uniform standard. 
also need to consider legislation relating to the Nation’s debt limit. 
I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman 
for that information, and I want to join him. He and I both had the opportunity to speak to participants in the Hackathon that is going on as we speak. Mr. Cantor and I were cooperative in this effort as well, and Mr. MCCARTHY and I have continued this 
tradition. Like Mr. M CCARTHY , I believe this will be of great assistance in moving us forward with technology to make our institution more transparent, the people’s business more available to them, and that we will benefit from this in this institution. 
In addition to that, of course, we believe it will have ramifications beyond this institution as they brainstorm and come together on how technology can be used better in our democracy both in terms of our government and politics, but also in terms of our economy and growth of jobs. 
Steve Dwyer, who is one of the real talents in my office and, in my opinion, within the House staff, Republican and Democrat, working together on behalf of the better use of technology. 
two bills that we have spent significant time on that purported to deal both with debt and with deficit reduction, neither of which I think anybody in this House, Republican or Democrat, would place much of a bet on becoming law. They were message bills. We now dealt with legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act for the 61st time, and we dealt with a bill to close down Planned Parenthood, which clearly is not going to happen. Indeed, it should not happen. Ninetyseven percent of what they do is providing health care to women who need healthcare services. 
gentleman, the majority leader, points out we need to do something to extend the debt limit. He is right on that. We do need to do it. But we spent a period of time on a bill called debt prioritization. I call that a charade, Mr. Speaker. I believed it was a charade. I believe that once you don’t pay one of your bills, you have defaulted. Whether or not you prioritize and pay 10 bills that you owe first, get those paid, if you don’t pay the other 10, it is default. But we do need to pass a debt limit extension. We need to pass a clean debt limit extension. We will run out of time on November 3. 
who possibly will be the next Speaker of this institution. Mr. RYAN said, 
when asked a question in 2011, shortly after the Republicans took charge of this House—to be specific, on January 6, 2011—will the debt limit be raised? Does it have to be raised? Mr. RYANanswered yes. 
Even more compellingly, Mr. H ENSARLING , one of the most conservative 
Members of this body, said that not raising the debt is not an option. He went on to say: What I do think is, yes, it would be catastrophic to have the Nation default upon its debt. 
April 10, 2011. Mr. Speaker, I believe if we bring a 
clean bill to this floor Tuesday or Wednesday of next week, almost every Democrat will vote for it. Why? Because we agree with JEBHENSARLING  
not to do so would be catastrophic. It would also be irresponsible and malfeasance. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask the majority leader, who has said that we need to do it, we must do it, can the majority leader tell us when that bill will be brought to the floor? 
It is one thing to pass the debt limit; 
it is another thing not to deal with the problem and not find a solution. That is why, in this House, we are very proud of the fact, when Republicans took the majority, we had always offered a budget that balances. We passed one. The balances were outraising new taxes within the decade. Unfortunately, the White House has never found a way to do that. 
Secretary has moved the date from reaching the debt limit up to November 3. As I mentioned in the schedule, the House is expected to address this issue next week. There are bipartisan discussions that are ongoing, and I will keep Members abreast and advise them as soon as a path forward is determined. 
the can down the road. In our own budgets that balance, we know the debt limit will have to be raised. That is why you quote our Members saying that. We also acknowledge that it has to be solved. That is why we put a balanced budget up to pay for it going forward. That is why I am hopeful, in these bipartisan discussions, that we start the down payment where we don’t have to worry about raising the debt limit, that we are actually paying off the debt and not leaving this to our children and grandchildren. 
nice theory, nice rhetoric. We don’t have an agreement on a number of things the gentleman says. What we do have agreement on, I presume, is that the gentleman, the majority leader from California, wants to see a solvent nation, a nation that pays its bills, a nation that does not create a lack of confidence in our own country and around the world, a nation that does not take hostage either its government by shutting it down or take hostage its creditworthiness by bringing us to the brink, time after time after time, on whether or not we are going to do something that Mr. HENSARLING and 
Mr. R YAN and Mr. B OEHNER —I didn’t 
quote him, but I have got a quote here from Mr. BOEHNER —said that if we 
don’t do, it will have extraordinarily adverse effects on America and on every American. And the answer that I heard, Mr. Speaker, is an answer that, if you don’t do something we want you to do, we may not extend the debt 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
I hear a lot of things on the floor, but 
I have never heard the things that you just said about me on this floor spoken. 
Mr. HOYER. What is that? Mr. MCCARTHY. That I would hold 
from me—and let me say my own words once again, and I will be very clear about it. I said we will deal with this next week. I also said we are having bipartisan discussions. I also said, if you want to know the confidence of the world around us with how America deals with it, don’t avoid the issue. Don’t leave this debt for a future generation. 
It is hard for me to believe that the 
entire other side of this aisle wouldn’t want to do something about the debt. It is hard for me to believe that we want to continue just to build it up, that somehow that is a positive experience. 
Why don’t we come together, find a way to raise it, but find a way that we don’t continue to add to it. Because I will tell you, as I go across the country, it is not Republicans or Democrats who say that. It is all Americans who say that because they have to deal with that in their own house. 
I am not going to say you said something different than the words you used, and the only thing I would ask is that you do the same for me. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the majority leader’s admonition, but the government was shut down because we wouldn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act. In other words, the government was taken hostage because we wouldn’t repeal the Affordable Care Act. We came very close, with 167 Republicans to do so, to shutting down the Department of Homeland Security. Now, Mr. MCCARTHY voted to keep it 
it open, and Mr. S CALISE voted to keep 
it open. But only 72 colleagues of theirs on the Republican side joined them. 
personally, but the strategy seems to be that we won’t do something that everybody in this body ought to believe needs to be done, and that is to ensure that America remains a creditworthy nation, unless we do something that, frankly, I don’t think, Mr. Speaker, my Republican colleagues have pursued too diligently; because over the last Congresses that they have been in charge, they put bills on this floor that have cut revenues by over half a trillion dollars without paying for it. Presumably my children, my grandchildren, and my greatgrandchildren will have to pay that debt. 
about making sure that our Nation remains solvent, responsible, and creditworthy. And, indeed, because the rest of the world relies on the value and stability of the dollar to value its products, its currency, it will affect the whole world. 
So I am pleased to hear that the majority tells me that it needs to be on the floor. But I will tell you, Mr. Speaker, I have been, for 2
urging us to do what the majority leader now says we need to do: get to an agreement. 
It implemented sequester. They didn’t follow it. And 102 Republicans have said they won’t vote for a CR that follows the sequester because they want to increase defense, because they think sequester will hurt defense if it is followed. And, in fact, when the bill came to the floor, they didn’t follow their sequester. They used OCO, which, by the way, does not score, but it is real money and exacerbates the deficit. 
So when you are talking about alternatives, the alternative is not just about whether we invest in our national security by investing in defense. We need to do that, and I, for 35 years, have been a strong supporter of that. I also believe that we need to invest in our highways if we are going to do another temporary, because we have not, in 90 days, been able to come to grips. The gentleman talks about coming to grips with alternatives. We are going to do another shortterm highway extension bill. Why? Because the majority party hasn’t figured out how to pay for it. 
floor, but what I hear, Mr. Speaker, is it may be on the floor if something else happens. Well, I hope something else happens. I hope we get a longer term funding agreement. But very frankly, Mr. Speaker, we have got six appropriation bills that haven’t even been brought to this floor, and there is no constraint on the Republicans bringing it to the floor. They are in charge, Mr. Speaker. But half of the appropriation bills that were the responsibility of this House to pass have not been brought to the floor. 
Senate hasn’t been passing them. Well, we are not in charge of the Senate. We are responsible for actions on this floor. And one of our responsibilities, Mr. Speaker, is to pass a debt limit extension. 
the majority leader said that there aren’t 30 votes or 40 votes on each side of the aisle to pass a clean debt limit extension. Mr. Speaker, I find that incredibly hard to believe because, as Mr. HENSARLING said, if we don’t do that, it 
will have a catastrophic consequence on the country and on the international community. 
is right, that we bring a bill to the floor unrelated to disagreements. Some legitimate, most legitimate differences 
we have between us, we will have to work them out. But in that process, we ought not to put the credit of the United States at risk. We ought not to put individual American consumers at risk of having their interest rate raised because we couldn’t pass a debt limit extension. We ought to act responsibly, Mr. Speaker. 
I hope the leader is right. I hope this 
bill comes to the floor. I hope it is clean, so that it will not be weighted down by political controversies that are so selfevidently existing in this body for all the American people. 
We have got a Speaker who is resigning, couldn’t fill the Speakership. You may now fill it maybe next week, maybe as early as next week, but this body has not been functioning effectively. Let us not risk the credit of the United States and international stability. Let’s bring a clean debt limit extension to this floor, and, hopefully, all of us will vote for a solvent nation. 
that every Member of this body wants a solvent nation. Let us hope, Mr. Speaker, that we summon our responsibility and our duty to this country and our constituents to get that done. 
$154,161—$154,161—that is the responsibility of every single American based upon the debt that we have right now of $18 trillion. My friend on the other side of the aisle thinks it is unAmerican that we do anything about that, that the only road we should follow is just raise it and keep adding to it, that somehow that will build confidence in this country, somehow that will give more opportunity to future generations, by bringing a debt limit bill to the floor that raises the debt limit but starts changing the trajectory of where it is going is wrong. 
because, I will tell you, I don’t hear that anywhere across America. I don’t have my phones lighting up, saying: ‘‘Just keep raising the debt and do nothing about it.’’ It is the complete opposite. And I don’t think the gentleman gets any different calls than I do. 
to address this issue next week. Now, we play politics with a lot of stuff in here, but I am tired of that. I could play any amount of games that you want to play. I can sit here and I can quote HARRY REIDon the other side of 
the aisle, and S CHUMER , a good deal, to 
make sure no appropriation bill went through and then blame the Republicans. They talk to the White House, and it is all in the papers. It is a whole strategy. They have a title for it. It is the ‘‘Summer of Destruction.’’ 
of that. Put me in the column that I want to start talking about the ways we find solutions. I will be the first one who comes to the table and tells you I know I am not going to get everything 
I want to lay one goal out for you. I 
want a debt limit that gets raised but does something about the debt, and I don’t think that is wrong, and I don’t think I am causing problems. I think I am giving more opportunity. 
that sits and lays blame on everybody else. I haven’t been here very long; but the short term I am here, I want to make a difference. I am not going to blame others for the past, but the one thing I can do is change the future. So put me in that column, and I will be at any table that other people across the aisle want to be with me. 
to answer that presentation because, in my view, it conflates two issues. 
deal with the other side on a regular basis to bring down our debt and to apply discipline. Part of applying discipline is paying for what you buy. And the gentleman is right; we had PAYGO. But when the Republican side of the aisle took over, they negated that; and they negated it specifically for tax cuts because, I suppose, they believe they will pay for themselves. 
1981, they did that, and we increased the deficit under Mr. Reagan by 189 percent. We could have dealt with it then. Then we had a commission that was called SimpsonBowles, which tried to deal with what the gentleman is talking about, and all three Republican Members from the House of Representatives voted ‘‘no’’ on it. Why? Because it asked us to pay for what we bought. 
when you need to do B is a way of not dealing with B. Do we need to deal with the debt? We absolutely do, and the bills that are supposed to do that, as I just indicated, have not been brought to the floor. They represented sequester. The gentleman, apparently, is for sequester. I am not for sequester, although the gentleman would say, ‘‘Oh. Well, it is your party which instituted sequester,’’ which is not right. 
limit extension, and we need to reduce the debt of this country. It will be hard to do the latter. It ought to be easy to do the former. It will require courage to do the latter; but when Mr. Camp, the former chairman of the Ways and Means Committee, brought a tax reform bill to the table, it was dismissed out of hand by his Republican colleagues in the last Congress. Why? Because he paid for it. Dismissed out of hand. Never brought to this floor. 
very hopeful that, in fact, we will do the only responsible thing we can do at this late date. Remember, Mr. Speaker, for 2
Party, Mr. Speaker, has been somewhat distracted. I understand that. Hopefully, we will get a way forward and a responsible way forward; but we only have 5 days to do this debt limit, and let us not take an action which is catastrophic, which is what JEBHENSARLING said it would be if we don’t 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 2015, TO MONDAY, OCTOBER 26, 2015 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, October 26, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morning hour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
HARDY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Forest Products Week and in support of our Nation’s foresters, our timber producers, our researchers, and the forest products industry as a whole. 
name from ‘‘Penn’s Woods,’’ and as history shows us, our forests have played a central role in the building of this country. Today, the Commonwealth has 16.7 million acres of forest land, 70 percent of which is privately owned and managed. The forest products industry in Pennsylvania employs 10 percent of our State’s workforce; and according to the Pennsylvania Forest Products Association, it generates approximately $5.5 billion annually. 
its highquality hardwoods, the forest products industry also plays a fundamental role in actively managing our forests. Active management is essential in order to foster healthy lands as well as economically healthy communities. 
As chairman of the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, I am proud to join several of my colleagues in the House to recognize National Forest Products Week; and as the Representative of Pennsylvania’s Fifth District, I will continue to advocate for policies which maintain our forests so that they can power our economy and create family sustaining jobs for decades to come. PLANNED PARENTHOOD, A PREMIER HEALTHCARE ORGANIZATION 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, here we go again. 
Today, we saw the Republicans’ latest attempt to punish Planned Parenthood, one of the Nation’s premier healthcare organizations, only because it provides an array of services, including legal abortions. 
lifetime, one in five American women is going to turn to Planned Parenthood. In fact, Planned Parenthood provides 400,000 Pap smears, 500,000 breast exams, 4.5 million STD tests, and prevents 500,000 unwanted pregnancies each year. 
leave millions of women with no place to go for basic preventative healthcare services. 
Mr. Speaker, I am sad to say that the 
Republicans are more obsessed with the uteruses of American women than of the real issues facing us today. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to remember a brave young airman who lost her life in defending our great Nation. 
McDonough, Georgia, was killed on October 2 when her C–130J crashed in Afghanistan. Kcey was only 21 years old. 
School, Ms. Ruiz had an opportunity to learn about healthcare sciences. Her admiration of health care influenced her decision to become a nurse. 
her to enlist in the United States Air Force. After graduating basic training, Ms. Ruiz was assigned to the 66th Security Forces Squadron at Hanscom Air Force Base. Upon her deployment to Afghanistan, she often spoke of how privileged and how proud she was to be doing such important work. 
natural leader, a beloved daughter, a courageous airman, and an incredible role model. 
join with me in remembering a true American hero, Airman 1st Class Kcey Ruiz. 
the rural communities of my region don’t want our top export to be our 
kids. With that in mind, we are working to make sure that the timber industry can grow in a way that doesn’t put conservation at odds with job creation. 
on the Olympic Peninsula to talk about and strategize with regard to crosslaminated timber and other mass timber products. As local businesses and government and community leaders, we discussed how these mass timber products can utilize an abundant and sustainable resource while building on a workforce and infrastructure that set our region apart and can give the Nation greener buildings. Construction sites around the country could soon use sturdy, innovative, renewable wood products that are grown and manufactured on the Olympic Peninsula. 
Vilsack said at a sawmill in Aberdeen recently: ‘‘This is how we’ve got to do business. Working together and finding common ground is the only way forward.’’ 
timber 2.0, innovate, and build opportunities in rural communities and make sure that Washington State leads the way. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
announce the introduction of the Honor Our Fallen Heroes Act, which came about thanks to the hard work of one of my constituents, Pam Rogers of Exeter, New Hampshire. 
the People initiative, which is a platform for concerned citizens to offer legislative ideas. Pam sought to bury, with the full recognition he deserves, an ancestor who fought in the Civil War. 
Zortman died at the age of 21 in a Confederate prison camp. Conditions were brutal. He died of starvation. His captors buried him in a mass grave and has since been moved to a national cemetery in South Carolina. An empty tomb near his hometown in Pennsylvania memorializes Private Zortman; but despite ample evidence of his service and death as a POW, the Veterans Health Administration cannot award him a headstone at a U.S. military cemetery. 
that Pam and her family can finally lay to rest one of their own with full honors. The bill she helped produce would bring comfort to more like her. Our commitment to those who have bravely served our Nation should never end. 
unanimous consent to withdraw my name as a cosponsor of H.R. 1151. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
today to congratulate Congressman STEVE ISRAEL and his beloved New 
York Mets after they defeated the Los Angeles Dodgers last week—and I will have no interest in extending my remarks. I lost a bet with Congressman ISRAEL . 
Meet the Mets, Meet the Mets, Step right up and greet the Mets. Bring your kiddies, Bring your wife, Guaranteed to have the time of your life; Because the Mets are really sockin’ the ball, Knocking those home runs over the wall. East side, west side, everybody’s coming 
am not happy for the Mets. I am, really. I say: Thank God the Mets are going to the World Series—and not the Yankees. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in remembrance of Ramiro ‘‘Toti’’ Mendez, who tragically passed away 15 years ago. 
player. While at Westminster Christian School in 1998, he was the MiamiDade County Player of the Year. He was sitting out the season as a medical redshirt at Florida International University when he suddenly and heartbreakingly passed away from viral cardiomyopathy, which is an inflammatory disease of the heart muscle. It was a tragedy that came so unexpectedly for family and friends, including me. Toti was just 20 years old, with a bright future ahead of him. 
and treatment of patients suspected of having this condition are starting to be utilized, but the early detection of cardiac issues is imperative to saving lives. 
participating in the dedication of the Toti Mendez Cardiopulmonary Diagnostic Suite at Florida International 
University. This facility will give medical students an opportunity to enhance the art of auscultation, allowing for cardiac abnormalities to be detected sooner. I am proud that FIU is honoring Toti’s legacy with the opening of this important facility. 
Toti’s mother, Maruchi Mendez, to bring awareness to this very important issue through the establishment of a scholarship fund and a foundation in honor of her son, who was beloved by every single person who knew him. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
recognition of our Nation’s flagship program for young children: Head Start. October is National Head Start Awareness Month, and 2015 marks 50 years since the program’s founding. 
Start would open up ‘‘a new war front on poverty . . . to make certain that poverty’s children would not be forevermore poverty’s captives.’’ 
I have the honor of counting the father of Head Start, Edward Zigler, among my constituents. When Professor Zigler recently went for surgery at the YaleNew Haven Hospital, he discovered that his anesthetist, Dr. John Paul Kim, was a Head Start alumnus. Dr. Kim credited his success in life directly to Head Start, and he is not alone. 
graduates are less likely to be held back a grade or to get into trouble with the law and are more likely to go on to college and professional careers. 
Start currently only has the resources to reach 4 in 10 eligible students. If we are serious about helping children thrive, we must meet this demand. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to share the achievements of a school in my district, Pine Knob Elementary School, in Clarkston, Michigan. 
held on to the longstanding belief that their children’s future should be better than their own, and the key to a brighter future starts with the best education possible. 
Pine Knob Elementary School embraces that vision by setting their students on a path to success early on in the educational experience. Teachers and faculty are focused on emphasizing personal growth in addition to excelling in numerous areas. They encourage students to think outside the box and be kind to one another all along through the process. 
classroom where teachers assist with a variety of clubs and activities that their students participate in after school. In addition to student council or the broadcast news, kids can join a computer coding club where they can learn to write programs. It is popular choice among students today and, obviously, a highly soughtafter skill in today’s workforce. 
Above all, these students love learning. The results are in the 96 percent attendance rate their school has held for several years. 
of the 335 schools in the country to earn a Blue Ribbon Award this year, a highly regarded symbol of excellence. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
some of the good news this week is my introduction, with 16 original cosponsors, of H. Res. 489, congratulating Texas Southern University for 88 years. TSU is celebrating their 88 years at their homecoming this weekend. 
not only Barbara Jordan and Mickey Leland, but tens upon tens of great NFL football players. Tonight we will honor TSU. I pay tribute to Texas Southern University by introducing H. Res. 489. 
things that have happened. Let me cite H.R. 3762, the Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act, that cuts $278.2 billion in discretionary funding that would help many of our children and education and the environment and health care and, as well, providing, if you will, the cuts in the Affordable Care Act. I like the idea of the Cadillac tax provision, but that is not the basis of the bill. H.R. 3762 is a bad bill. 
of testimony. What did we find in the Benghazi hearing? We found that Secretary Clinton could, in fact, present the facts to the American people and be transparent as we knew; but we found no new facts, no smoking gun. It is time to end the Benghazi hearings and committee. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Insurance premiums in rural northern California average 25 percent more than in southern California, and the region will be hit with premium increases of an additional 29 percent this year. About 50 rural hospitals across America have closed, and over 280 more are now on the brink of closure. 
Finally, in much of my district, costly ObamaCare mandates have left my constituents with just one option for insurance, a plan that many doctors in the region won’t even accept. 
ObamaCare is destroying the ability of rural Americans to receive and afford health care. Along with the EPA, unmanaged or closedoff Federal lands, it looks like the President has a war on rural America. 
It is high time that we end this failed 
law and focus on meeting the needs of those with preexisting conditions and those without health care, not simply increasing cost to those who already have insurance. 
passed today will need only 51 Senate votes. It will help rural America on the ACA by opening up more options to people for their health care. It will repeal the ACA taxes and individual employer mandates, which, again, will help give more options to rural America, and it will defund Planned Parenthood, which many people are demanding. Indeed, this is a big step for good and responsible healthcare choices. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
has often been called the national pastime, and those of us in New York have watched this past week with pride as the New York Mets have advanced to the World Series, representing the National League. 
a team, and they have worked really, really hard. Perhaps we in the Congress can learn a little bit from them, that teamwork is possible and that we need all of us to pull together to move ahead. 
I am going to be at the World Series. 
I am going to really enjoy watching the New York Mets win. I am going to really enjoy the young players. 
I want to congratulate the ownership, Fred and Jeff Wilpon and Saul Katz. I want to congratulate all of the great players of the Mets, from Daniel Murphy to David Wright, to Yoenis Cespedes, and the great young pitching of deGrom and Harvey and Syndergaard. They really, really make us proud. 
I just want to sum up this 1 minute 
in three little words: Let’s go, Mets. LONGTERM HIGHWAY BILL 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
stand to recognize an important step that took place this week. Yesterday the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, a committee I have the privilege to serve on, marked up and passed a longterm highway bill. 
authorizes the transportation needs of our Nation is a vital designation for the State of Nevada. With my assistance, this highway bill contained the designation of Interstate 11, which will run from the city of Las Vegas north along the I–95 corridor up to I–80. This designation is the next step in advancing the Intermountain West corridor, which is crucial for my State, all western States, and this country. 
As the vice chairman of the Highways and Transit Subcommittee, I am proud to have worked with my colleagues to help make sure that the people in Nevada gain this instrumental project. The future of I–11 is growing. Jobs are on the horizon. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
November 3, our Treasury Department has informed us that we are going to begin to default on payment obligations that the United States Government has already entered into. 
about obligations that this House made, the President has signed, and that we have obligated ourselves to pay. 
ever. It is going to damage our credit. It is going to increase our borrowing cost. It is going to damage our economy. It is really going to damage the welfare of millions of our constituents. 
the Congress has already entered into and agreed to pay. We put the name of the United States behind these commitments. These are our bills. We need to pay them. 
brinksmanship with the future of the United States economy, but this is where some in the majority have brought us to once again. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
I rise today to celebrate National Forest Products Week. 
60,000 jobs and inject more than $9 billion in Missouri’s economy. In southeast and south central Missouri, we produce everything from charcoal, lumber, wood flooring, whiskey and wine barrels, pallets, telephone poles, railroad ties, gunstocks, and much, much more. 
The number one obstacle to expanding in Missouri is the availability of timber. Folks cannot get enough wood to make more products and employ more people. 
dying in the Mark Twain National Forest faster than the government will allow industry to cut them down. Each year 50 million board feet of timber, with an estimated value of nearly $5 million, dies in the Mark Twain National Forest. Instead of being harvested, this timber is wasted and becomes a fire hazard. 
timber harvest at Mark Twain National Forest from 38 to 50 million board feet recently, but we can do much better. Better forest management is good for the forest and will put people back to work. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
you know that a child in the United States can go to jail just for skipping school or running away from an abusive home? 
is the only country in the world that locks up kids for life without the possibility of parole, when nearly three in ten of those kids did not actually commit the crime and may not have been there at the time that someone was hurt? 
For years we have been funding a juvenile justice system that is robbing children of their future and wasting billions of taxpayer dollars every year. 
Today experts, academics, police departments, police chiefs, and sheriffs agree that we must change that system. 
as Youth Justice Awareness Month because it is time to stop wasting billions of dollars on a system that doesn’t make our communities safer and is destroying a generation of our children. 
make sure kids don’t get put in jail for dumb reasons and to fund evidence based intervention and prevention programs. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
we are in the process of deciding the defense authorization legislation that will determine how much we spend for our security. Yet, this bill, what we are talking about, includes tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions, of dollars for Pakistan. 
its own people, the Baloch people. We give Pakistan military assistance to fight radical Islam, and they use that money to kill the people of Balochistan and their own Sindhis population. They use that money to destabilize Afghanistan. 
is the same country, Pakistan, that provided safe haven for Obama bin Laden for years, and now, when bin Laden was identified by Dr. Afridi, a courageous Pakistani, the Pakistan Government has him in a dungeon and we are doing nothing to help him. 
Pakistanis are even giving their resources off to Communist China, the Port of Gwadar. 
act like this. We need to put our foot down and say: If you are going to act in a hostile way, Pakistan, you are not going to receive 1 red cent of American tax dollars. 
THE SELECT INVESTIGATIVE PANEL OF THE COMMITTEE ON ENERGY AND COMMERCE 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
been an interesting day and an interesting week. I was in here listening to the colloquy between Majority Leader MCCARTHY and the minority whip. 
I had heard my good friend, a very intelligent, clever, witty friend from Maryland, Mr. HOYER , indicate that 
Republicans bring us to the brink time and time again, talking about, I guess, the debt ceiling. 
from the rhetoric here and the lines like ‘‘bringing us to the brink,’’ and it 
is really good to look at what the history of the situation is. 
Contract With America, Republicans recaptured the majority in the House and Senate, for the first time in 40 years, the Democrats kept bringing us to the brink. It didn’t matter who was in the White House. The Democratic Congress kept bringing us to the brink, spending more and more money. 
money. They kept bringing us to the brink. It seemed so irresponsible not to be interested in trying to have a more balanced budget. There would be people like Phil Gramm, with the Gramm Rudman law, that tried to force a balancing. 
probably in weeks to come continue the mistaken rhetoric. He is such a nice guy, but he is so often mistaken or whoever puts those mistakes in his teleprompter. 
requirement that Congress raise the debt ceiling if more debt is to be incurred has been used as a vehicle to get laws passed that tried to rein in the irresponsible spending that has been going on for many decades. 
I believe it was Morgenthau, Franklin Roosevelt’s Secretary of Treasury, who wrote in 1940: After 8 years, we have spent more money than anyone ever in history, and we have nothing to show for it but more debt. That was quite an admission, that the New Deal was a total failure, and it actually was. 
ended the Depression in America that we came out of the Great Depression. It was certainly none of the socialist policies that the United States began engaging in. 
I know just since I have been here in 
January of 2005, in 2006, as I recall, we were having debate. Republicans were in the majority. My friends, Mr. Speaker, on the Democratic side of the room over here were repeatedly making the point about how irresponsible it was for Republicans to be spending—I think at the time it was around $160 billion— more than we were bringing in to the Federal Treasury. 
balanced the budget back in 2005 and 2006. We were only $160 billion, at one point, away from doing that. 
the Democrats continued beating up on Republicans for overspending what was coming in, $160 billion or so. 
being pummeled verbally by my Democratic friends, as a Republican spending $160 billion more or so than we had coming in, that those same friends would do the unthinkable and increase that debt in one year more than 10 times the $160 billion. 
they would remember some of those things they used to say with such vitriol right here on the House floor about how spending more than $160 billion more than we were taking in was so irresponsible. 
have remembered some of those because, when you say one thing one year and then you get the majority and you are 10 times worse than what you accused the other side of—more than 10 times worse—some people feel a little sensitive. 
We have to be careful because we certainly don’t want to violate the House rules on what we say here. But, you know, some people feel guilty when they accuse somebody else of doing something they are 10 times more guilty of. 
exist. If it did, it was short lived and didn’t prevent even my friend from Maryland from coming to the floor today and again launching the inappropriate statement that it is Republicans that keep bringing us to the brink. 
that went on the Jay Leno show and said that Republicans shut down the government, but, you know, sometimes he is engaged in activity that keeps him from realizing exactly what is going on. 
But if you go back and look at the 
actual RECORD , September 29, September 30 of 2013, the record is very clear. There was one party in Congress that was trying to be responsible, that was trying to rein in spending, that was trying not to shut the government down, was compromising against ourselves repeatedly, and it was the Republican Party. 
We didn’t get a lot of help across the 
aisle. In fact, what we had from the other end of the hall here, from Majority Leader REID, was an allout effort 
to shut down the government. And that is a fact as to who shut down the government. If anyone bothers to go look, yes, you will see we had a spending bill that gave HARRY REIDeverything he 
It was hard for a guy like me to vote 
for that. But, yes, in the initial bill, we defunded ObamaCare. Why wouldn’t we? We know. We hear from constituents how bad that is, how they have lost their insurance, lost their doctor, they can’t get the medicine they did before. Instead of paying $105 now they are paying $100 for prescriptions. We are hearing all those things. So why wouldn’t we vote to do what we believe is best for our constituents? We did. 
wanted plus some, but defund ObamaCare. Yes, that is what we passed first. HARRY REIDwould not 
bring it to the floor for a vote. So we compromised against ourselves because there was no negotiating. 
just my thought—it sure seemed there was plenty of evidence to show that HARRY REIDbelieved the conventional 
there were a shutdown of the government, no matter who did it, no matter that the Democrats themselves did everything they could to shut the government down, it wouldn’t matter because their friends in the mainstream media would blame the Republicans. 
Who knew we would have a Republican Speaker that didn’t know the fact and would say, yeah, Republicans shut it down, but they knew the mainstream media would blame Republicans. And they needed a shutdown because the conventional wisdom here in Washington at the time—still is—if there is a shutdown, then mainstream media blames Republicans and then the Democrats get the majority back in the House or, if they didn’t have it, as they don’t have it now, they get it back in the Senate. So they have been wanting a shutdown. 
You can go back to, I think, March of 
when we got down to a midnight deadline, and our Speaker came in and basically caved just a few months after we took the majority in March of 2011 and said we have got to avoid a shutdown at all costs. 
what he wanted because he wanted a shutdown. You could say that is bringing us to the brink for political purposes. That is exactly what it is. 
ourselves. We passed a bill that gave HARRY REID everything he and the 
President wanted plus some, but we put in a provision, not the complete defunding of ObamaCare, but just suspending it for a year. 
were Democrats on the ropes in the Senate, if they wouldn’t even vote on that or voted against it, they would lose their seats. 
who lost their seats in that next election that wish they had taken that vote and voted to postpone ObamaCare for a year. They probably would have kept their seats. But they didn’t. They didn’t even get to vote on that bill on the Senate floor. 
I thought it was unwise. Having negotiated big deals back in Texas, I thought it was unwise to bet against ourselves yet again when the Senate would not even engage in any kind of compromise. They wanted a shutdown. But, no, we had another vote. 
give you everything you want, President Obama everything he wants, plus a little bit. But since the President suspended the employer mandate illegally, unconstitutionally, for a year, how about if we suspend the individual mandate for a year? That was not allowed to come to the floor for a vote. 
Even though we were doing everything we could to keep the government going, HARRY REIDwanted a shutdown, 
would not allow a vote. I thought, at 1:10 a.m., when our leadership came here to the floor on October 1 and asked us to vote for folks to be conferees that would work all night and avoid a shutdown by 8 a.m., capitulate where they have to, but get a deal done, that it was really capitulation and that HARRY REIDwould be crazy 
not to go ahead and appoint Senate conferees so they could have a deal by 8 a.m., the country would never realize there was even an 8hour shutdown. But HARRY REIDwould not even allow 
the Senate to vote to have conferees to work out a deal by 8 a.m. He didn’t. 
no doubt with encouragement of the President. Sure enough, the mainstream media blamed Republicans. That cost Republicans tremendously in the election the following year. Oh, wait. No, it didn’t, actually. 
think, ended up appreciating that Republicans were standing for the idea that we are on the brink because of all the decades of overspending, except for that little interlude in the 1990s when the Republicans took the majority here in Congress. 
As part of their Contract With America, they became very responsible, and they pushed through budgets that Bill Clinton didn’t want to sign, but eventually took credit for, that actually brought the budget into alignment. Other than that, Democrats have brought us to the brink repeatedly, and HARRY REIDand President Obama continue to do that. 
2006 that here in 2015 we would have Democrats crowing over the fact that: Gee, we may get our deficit in 1 year down to $400 billion, $500 billion. Wow, won’t that be great? Because, once again, their memories have not allowed them to accuse themselves back during those days when they were blaming Republicans for running up a $160 billion or so deficit in one year. 
pointed out that Dave Camp had a tax reform bill, and in his words it was dismissed out of hand because it was not paid for. My friend, Mr. HOYER , is such 
a smart guy. I admire him. I love talking to him. He has got a great sense of humor. But he is wrong on that. It happens. He is wrong. 
It was not dismissed out of hand because it was not paid for. It was dismissed out of hand because it was not a significant enough reform in the right direction of what we need: a complete simplification of the Tax Code that so many of us are asking for. 
I like a flat tax. Others like a fair 
tax. I sure can see their point. It has got some good points. But let’s have that debate. Throw out the Internal Revenue Code. Throw out the tens of thousands of pages that have been added in interpretation and regulation. Let’s have something that Americans can simply fill out easily where they 
don’t even need an accountant, something like a flat tax: the more you make, the more you pay. 
just love the guy. He is a fine American. We were so thrilled when he was 
able to beat back the cancer that overtook him. He is a great guy. He worked hard. 
on his tax reform bill was he tried to placate too many Democrats, which kept it from being as good as I and many others thought it should be. 
here on the floor, but I thought it called out for a little elaboration and correction. 
that went on for a number of hours. It was an important hearing, and I know there were people that kept talking about, gee, there have been seven hearings or eight hearings or whatever there have been, or seven or eight investigations. None of them had the documentation that is now only starting to be obtained from a recalcitrant State Department and Obama administration. 
Yeah, it is easy to get an okay when 
you don’t turn over the documents that show lie after lie, misrepresentation. Yeah, it is easy. All you do is just not let anybody see the documentation for the misrepresentation that came. 
read this article, and it uses the L word a number of times—the L word being ‘‘lie.’’ It uses that a number of times. But I don’t want to even come close to getting in trouble for violating any rule here on the House floor because the content is too important. So we will just say, instead of lies, we will just call them unfortunate wrong statements, so with that substitution. 
Then I find out, gee, it is my friend, 
Ben Shapiro, that wrote this. I hope that doesn’t hurt Ben that I mentioned we are friends. 
But anyway, ‘‘Hillary Clinton’s 5 Biggest Unfortunate Mistaken Representations in Her Benghazi Testimony,’’ in the article, it points out: 
Mr. Speaker, I know you will remember back in the nineties when her husband was accused of doing things that it turned out he really did; instead of making clear her husband had made mistakes—and she had made it clear there would be no more—she went after the women. She had a war on women and went after any women who actually accused her husband of impropriety, and even used and coined that phrase, ‘‘this vast rightwing conspiracy’’ during her war on women who just tried to point out what her husband had done to them. 
But the article says: ‘‘She set up a private email server 
and deleted relevant emails from it for purely political reasons; she pressed for a pointless invasion of Libya for political reasons, chortled at its conquest for political reasons, watched it descend into chaos while doing nothing 
her ambassador to twist in the Libyan tornado without proper security for political reasons; finally, she covered up that disaster by lying about its causes for political reasons. But those who ask questions about such matters are partisan politicians.’’ 
The article goes on further down: ‘‘Hillary kept claiming that she 
cared deeply about her good friend Chris Stevens. At one point, she whipped out her preplanned righteous indignation to complain, ‘I would imagine I’ve thought more about what happened than all of you put together. I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put together.’ This was salt in the wound, the equivalent of Johnny Cochran lamenting his worries over the fate of Nicole Brown Simpson.’’ 
I have got to inject at this point, I 
was there for a good bit of the hearing because a friend, a real patriot, she served in the Navy, that is where she met a guy named Ty Woods, one of the greatest American patriots this country could ever hope to have as a son. She married Ty. They had even had another child right before—not just months before—he found himself in Benghazi. 
Ty, that cared more about his country and serving others than his own selfinterests came and joined him, as I understand, when Ty was getting ready to go to the roof to try to protect those people. He knew David Ubben, with the State Department, was formerly an Army Ranger, and David went with him, grabbed an M4. They went to the roof to protect the Americans that were in the building beneath them. 
of the first Navy SEAL that this administration released, and the story— obviously, this language had to come from this administration—it struck me as such a slap in the face to this former Navy SEAL, because I have known so many Navy SEALs and former Navy SEALs. I am proud of every one I have known—well, maybe except for a former Governor, who is creating chaos for Chris Kyle’s widow. 
Doherty, a former Navy SEAL, contractor, and it said, from the information released from this administration, that he died while taking cover. 
Benghazi at that point, about the specifics, but I knew enough Navy SEALs to know, if he died, it wasn’t taking cover. It was probably giving cover or maybe moving to get a better vantage from which to defend other people. Those are the Navy SEALs I know, generally speaking. 
cover. Ty Woods didn’t die taking cover. I don’t know if that was the State Department’s release to try to minimize how heroic those people were 
because they violated orders and said: We are going to help those people that are penned down in Benghazi. Those are heroes. I know my friend, DUNCAN HUNTER , 
had moved to try to get a Congressional Medal of Honor. I think it is time we take those back up. Though they weren’t in the military, they deserve the highest honor this body could give them posthumously. 
up during the months that he had asked me not to after I met him on one of my visits out to Bethesda, or Walter Reed combined with it now. But he was up there on the roof. There were three mortars that came in. The first one missed. 
know they used to teach us, if there are three mortars or three artillery rounds coming in, then you better move before the fourth one hits, because they will use those three to triangulate your position, and the fourth one will be on top of your head. 
been three mortars come in, I said: Oh, so they bracketed you. He said: Oh, no, no, no. I don’t want you to get the wrong idea. We knew as soon as the first one missed, they knew exactly where our position was. It was short, but there was no question, they knew exactly at what angle to put that mortar so that it would come down on our heads. And that’s what the second and third mortar did. 
their position. Preplanned attack. They had the coordination perfectly, exactly where that mortar needed to be. 
but the second and third were right on top of their targets. And that is what killed Glen and Ty as they were giving cover—not taking cover, giving cover. 
in the hearing, wasn’t said in the hearing, but I heard from somebody who had talked to a Delta Force individual. When he heard the name Ty Woods, he said: You know, that guy, he and Glen took on a whole city. 
protect the United States civil servants that were in the building that they went to the roof of, and they gave their lives giving them cover. 
leg, but, after many surgeries, hopefully it is near the point now of being usable. He is a hero. This administration didn’t even want to give him the right credit. 
Shapiro points it out here. They used this video, and even to say to any one of the survivors, as Mrs. Clinton did: We will get the guy that did the video. 
have talked to many of the family members of those who were killed. They didn’t care about the guy that did the video. They cared about the people that killed their loved one. 
Clinton to sit there and arrogantly, condescendingly say to the panel, ‘‘I’ve lost more sleep than all of you put together,’’ with Dorothy Woods sitting 
right there, was just another dagger to her heart because she still loses sleep. 
don’t know what Hillary Clinton and our President did specifically after they found out. Either the President was preparing for his fundraiser in Las Vegas the next day, or he just went to bed, with his personal Ambassador to Libya missing. Either they went to bed or did something far more embarrassing for them not to be willing to tell us what they did that night. 
I mean, I was only in the Army 4 
years, but I cannot imagine what kind of mind will allow itself to go to sleep or just blow things off and move on to another project when somebody working directly for you has either been killed, you know people have been killed, and the Ambassador is missing in a hostile area that, turns out, begged for security, additional security 600 times. 
the American people one thing; you tell your family an entirely different story. 
Prime Minister the day after the attacks: We know the attack in Libya had nothing to do with the film. It was a planned attack, not a protest. 
not true, she took State Department funds, as I understand it, and spent tens of thousands of dollars on a commercial to facilitate and to perpetuate this lie, and spent that in foreign Muslim countries, running it on their televisions to say we had nothing to do with the video. 
fact that I haven’t changed my vote for Speaker. I am still for DANWEBSTER . 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 29 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, October 26, 2015, at noon for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Executive Officer, Farm Credit Administration, transmitting the Administration’s notification of its 2015 compensation program 
Chairman, CongressionalExecutive Commission on China, transmitting the Commission’s 2015 Annual Report as established by the U.S.China Relations Act, 19 U.S.C. 1307; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Office of the General Counsel, Department of Transportation, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
3250. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a letter following up on previous letters regarding 
the debt limit and to provide additional information regarding the Department of the Treasury’s ability to continue to finance the government; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a data brief on Medicare payments for clinical laboratory tests performed in 2014, pursuant to the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, Pub. L.11393; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Ways and Means. H.R. 765. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the 15year recovery period for qualified leasehold improvement property, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property; with an amendment (Rept. 114–306). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 961. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend the subpart F exemption for active financing income; with an amendment (Rept. 114–307). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1270. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for overthecounter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements; with an amendment (Rept. 114–308). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1430. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the lookthrough treatment of payments between related controlled foreign corporations; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 309). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 2940. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve and make permanent the abovetheline deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers; with an amendment (Rept. 114–310). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. F RELING HUYSEN ): 
justice for victims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3816. A bill to deny Federal funding to 
any State or political subdivision of a State that has in effect any law, policy, or procedure that prevents or impedes a State or local law enforcement official from maintaining custody of an alien pursuant to an immigration detainer issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3817. A bill to amend the Child Nutrition Act of 1966 to clarify the availability and appropriateness of training for local food service personnel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 3818. A bill to repeal the Cuban Adjustment Act, Public Law 89732, and for 
H.R. 3819. A bill to provide an extension of 
Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Natural Resources, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3820. A bill to establish the San Gabriel National Recreation Area as a unit of the National Park System in the State of California, to modify the boundaries of the San Gabriel Mountains National Monument in the State of California to include additional National Forest System land, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself and Mr. TONKO ): 
H.R. 3821. A bill to amend title XIX to require the publication of a provider directory in the case of States providing for medical assistance on a feeforservice basis or through a primary care casemanagement system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3822. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow qualified scholarship funding corporations to access taxexempt financing for alternative private student loans; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3823. A bill to provide for direct hire 
authority for positions in the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3824. A bill to reform oversight of law 
enforcement activities of the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior and to improve coordination and cooperation with local law enforcement agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
safety, efficiency, and system performance through innovative technology deployment 
and operations; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify provisions relating to certain land exchanges in the Mt. Hood Wilderness in the State of Oregon; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
under section 8 of the United States Housing Act of 1937 for using amounts for rental voucher assistance for projectbased rental assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Georgia, Mr. H URDof Texas, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mrs. 
DINGELL , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. H OYER , 
Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. D OGGETT ): 
the 88th Anniversary of Texas Southern University; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
lives, work, and sacrifice of Joseph Curseen, Jr., and Thomas Morris, Jr., the two United States Postal Service employees and Washington, DC, natives who died as a result of their contact with anthrax while working at the United States Postal Facility located at 900 Brentwood Road, NE, Washington, DC, during the anthrax attack in the fall of 2001, United States Postal Service employees, who have continued to work diligently in service to the people of the United States notwithstanding the anthrax attacks, as well as the three other Americans who died and the 17 who became ill in the attacks; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution, By Mr. KING of New York: 
H.R. 3815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 3816. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution, specifically Clauses 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) of such section. 
to enact this legislation is Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
H.R. 3817. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3818. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (related to laying and collecting Taxes, and providing for the common defense and general Welfare of the United States), Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes), and Clause 7 (related to establishment of Post Offices and Post Roads). 
H.R. 3820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 3822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but 
all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 3823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 3825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 3827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the Constitution of the United States 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. M ULLIN . 
H.R. 242: Ms. A DAMS and Ms. H AHN. 
H.R. 745: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. T ONKO , and 
H.R. 868: Mr. G OODLATTE and Mr. L ABRADOR . 
H.R. 980: Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia and 
H.R. 1061: Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. 
WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. K ILMER , and Ms. 
H.R. 1197: Ms. A DAMS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
H.R. 1292: Mr. J ONES , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 1399: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B RATand Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
H.R. 1549: Mr. C OFFMAN and Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN . H.R. 1550: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
H.R. 1608: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
Texas, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. P OLIS, 
Mr. R USH, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Ms. D EGETTE , and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1853: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. K EATING , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. T AKANO , and Ms. 
H.R. 1902: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 2071: Ms. L OFGREN and Mr. C OSTELLO  
H.R. 2231: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
H.R. 2450: Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2461: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mrs. W AGNER , 
H.R. 2626: Mr. M ULLIN and Mr. R USSELL . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. M EEKS . 
H.R. 2660: Mr. K ILMER , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. K EATING . 
H.R. 2661: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2715: Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
H.R. 2853: Mr. W ELCH and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 2880: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. M CCOLLUM. 
H.R. 2903: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mrs. 
H.R. 3048: Mr. M CKINLEY and Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 3198: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. C UELLAR , and Mr. 
H.R. 3216: Mr. J ONES , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C ALVERT and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Mr. 
H.R. 3459: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
H.R. 3520: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. 
H.R. 3573: Mr. F LORES and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 3591: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. V AN 
H.R. 3646: Mr. K LINE and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 3654: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. S IRES, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. 
H.R. 3686: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. J ONES , Mrs. 
H.R. 3696: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. V ELA, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3706: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. D ONOVAN , and 
H.R. 3713: Mr. E LLISON , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. R USH, Mr. A LGREEN  
Texas, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, and Ms. 
H.R. 3750: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P OEof Texas, and 
H.R. 3756: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 3761: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. 
H.R. 3765: Mr. M ARCHANT and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 3779: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 3785: Ms. B ASS, Ms. H AHN, Mr. B EN 
GRAYSON , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 40: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. E LLISON, and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas. 
H. Res. 194: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H. Res. 293: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMBORN , Mrs. 
Mr. R IGELL , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
H. Res. 394: Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. 
H. Res. 440: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H. Res. 451: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. T IBERI . 
H. Res. 467: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. A DAMS , and 
H. Res. 485: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R OGERSof Alabama, and Mr. Z ELDIN . 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by the legislatures of the several states, an amendment to the United 
States Constitution which would clarify that any person chosen to be Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives must be an actual currentlyserving member of the U.S. House of Representatives; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
34. Also, a petition of Mr. Gregory D. Watson, a citizen of Austin, TX, relative to urging Congress to propose, for ratification by special conventions held within the individual states, an amendment to the United States Constitution which would require that both houses of Congress approve, by a threefifths vote of all members elected and 
serving in each body, any declaration of martial law, or suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, by the President of the United States, and further providing that such Congressionallyapproved martial law declaration, or suspension of the writ of habeas corpus, not exceed 30 days’ duration, and clearly describe the geographic territory covered by such declaration or suspension; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
House on the state of the Union had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness: 
against H.R. 1937, a bill that weakens environmental safeguards while bolstering the mining industry’s special privileges on federal lands. 
The language in the bill is written in such a 
way to cover virtually all hardrock mining on federal lands. Instead of using a scientific definition of a critical mineral, a mineral for which there is no substitute, H.R. 1937 considers gravel and sand to be critical minerals, leading to fasttracked permits for practically any hardrock mines, even when the materials are plentiful. In addition, the bill classifies hardrock mines as infrastructure projects in order to allow hardrock mines to access a streamlined permit process intended for actual infrastructure projects such as surface transportation and pipelines, which have far less of an environmental impact. 
The bill directs the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service to simplify the process for obtaining permits to extract minerals from federal lands, including eliminating adequate reviews under the National Environmental Policy Act (NEPA). It is widely known that the NEPA review process, through the formulation of alternative proposals and the consideration of public input, leads to improved federal decisionmaking and better projects. In the end, NEPA saves time, money and reduces negative impacts. Furthermore, NEPA is the primary balancing mechanism against the mining industry’s privileged access to billions of dollars worth of minerals on federal lands. The mining industry already enjoys access to hardrock minerals on public lands without paying taxpayers anything. 
communities to use the court system to hold the government accountable when contamination from hardrock mining threatens their groundwater or drinking water. H.R. 1937 exempts legal cases brought against hardrock mines from the Equal Access to Justice Act, which means that winning plaintiffs cannot collect attorney fees from the government, ultimately ensuring that poor communities will never challenge these decisions in court. I support efforts to strengthen our mining 
regulations. H.R. 1937, however, is a step in the wrong direction. We should be looking to reform the antiquated General Mining Law of 1872. Nearly a century and a half later, a law signed by President Ulysses S. Grant remains the law of the land and carries with it a toxic legacy. The GAO estimates that there may be more than 160,000 abandoned hardrock mines and that 20% of these sites (roughly 33,000) have degraded the environment by contaminating surface water and groundwater or leaving arseniccontaminated tailings piles. 
and Reclamation Act, H.R. 963, is a meaningful attempt at comprehensive reform and yet it remains stuck in committee. Unlike the bill being considered on the floor today, H.R. 963 would protect communities and their surroundings by balancing mining with other uses of public land. This legislation would put in place environmental controls to protect water, create jobs and protect natural areas by funding the cleanup of abandoned mines, and compensate taxpayers for the extraction of natural resources. 
honor a great American, Mr. Fred S. Jealous, on the occasion of his retirement after more than 30 years of dedicated public service. Fred is a beacon of compassion, justice, and community service. Over the many years that he and his wife, Ann Todd Jealous, have lived on the Monterey Peninsula, Fred has devoted 
countless hours of his professional and volunteer time to weaving, reinforcing, and repairing the social fabric of our community. 
1963, he earned a B.A. in history from Clark University in Worcester, MA. He went on to earn a Masters of Arts in Teaching from Antioch College in Yellow Springs, OH, in 1963. He then answered the call for public service and entered the Peace Corps, teaching math and English in rural Turkey. Upon his return from Turkey, Fred renewed his studies, this time in the field of Psychology, at the U.S. International University in San Diego. 
In 1967, love for Ann Todd brought Fred to 
Baltimore, MD. However, as an interracial couple, they had to travel to Washington, D.C., to marry. In Baltimore, Fred became active in the civil rights movement agitating for the integration of public places. Fred and Ann moved to the Monterey Peninsula where he and Ann settled in Pacific Grove and raised their two children Ben and Lara. 
It was on the Central Coast that Fred hit his 
stride as a community builder and activist. He worked with the Veterans Administration to develop education programs for disabled veterans, served as executive director of the Salinas Volunteer Center, and founded the Monterey County Men’s Alternatives to Violence. In 1987, Fred took this last effort a step further and founded the Breakthrough Men’s Community as a nonprofit organization to provide men with skills to free themselves from non productive, painful, or abusive aspects of their lives. Staffed by volunteer graduates of the program, Breakthrough helps men work on communication and listening skills, selfesteem, parenting, alternatives to sexual obsession, reducing homophobia, and building healthy, inclusive communities. Fred has remained at the helm of Breakthrough since its founding and is now preparing to pass on that leadership. 
place. He is truly an example and inspiration for those who have the great fortune to know him. That is perhaps most true for Fred’s son Ben, who followed his father’s—and mother’s—example to become the President and CEO of the NAACP. I know I speak for the whole House in extending to Fred Jealous our deep appreciation for his life’s work and offer our best wishes to him and his family on this next chapter in his remarkable life. 
THE OCCASION OF HIS RETIREMENT FROM THE CROTCHED MOUNTAIN FOUNDATION 
express my congratulations to Donald Shumway on his retirement as the CEO and President of the Crotched Mountain Foundation, and thank him for the outstanding work he did during his career. 
within various health services agencies such as becoming the Commissioner of the NH Department of Health and Human Services and head of the Division of Mental Health exemplifies his intelligence, positive attitude, and commitment to protecting and serving his community with the utmost professionalism. 
focus from serving his community to his family, it’s clear he leaves behind an example of strong leadership and compassion for others to emulate in his absence. 
Donald Shumway on his retirement, and wish him the best on all future endeavors. 
to help commemorate the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Kawneer Company’s Bloomsburg plant. The plant is an essential manufacturing center in my district, and provides necessary materials for the construction of a multitude of education facilities, healthcare centers, public buildings, and retail stores across America. With close to 400 employees, the Bloomsburg facility provides work to many of my constituents. 
Since 1965, the Kawneer Company has enjoyed tremendous success as a crucial manufacturing facility in the heartland of Pennsylvania. The company has helped fuel the inspiration of architects and building teams for more than 100 years, and has continuously implemented new manufacturing capabilities in order to improve efficiency and quality. Alcoa purchased the facility in 1998, and today, Kawneer Company’s Bloomsburg plant is an integral part of Alcoa’s Global Business and Construction Systems business. 
has persevered numerous times through devastating floods. Most recently, a flood nearly destroyed the facility, filling the shop floor with over five feet of water. Kawneer employees, in conjunction with Alcoa and the state of Pennsylvania, were able to reinvigorate the plant with new life and used the rebuilding opportunity to learn and grow. The plant’s recent incorporation of a flexible robotic line is a symbol of Kawneer’s commitment to development, efficiency, and progress. 
the Kawneer Company’s Bloomsburg plant as it celebrates its 50th anniversary. I am incredibly grateful for the presence of this productive manufacturing facility which continues to bring prosperity and employment opportunities to my constituents. I look forward to the plant’s continued success and innovation in the years to come. 
years ago today, the Hungarian people rose up against the Sovietinstalled communist dictatorship—a revolution that remains a model of patriotism, heroism, and resistance against tyranny today. I submit the following remarks delivered last evening at an event commemorating this momentous anniversary by Louis S. Segesvary, Ph.D., of the American Hungarian Federation. 
It was in the month of October, on the 
twentythird day in 1956, that the small Eastern European nation of Hungary rose up in a revolution against the Soviet Union 
that represented the first major challenge to its military dominion since World War II. 
yet it would be a mistake to discount the significance of this revolution merely because of the passage of time. This was David facing down Goliath in the modern era, and as such it remains and will remain an inspiration to freedom loving people everywhere. 
of the Hungarian uprising against the mighty Soviet empire as one of chafing under the weight of totalitarian occupation. But this explanation is hardly enough. Many peoples have suffered similar fates without risking the human costs associated with revolution. Those that have been willing to pay the price have been far fewer, and the more formidable the force of the occupier, the even fewer number. Bravery has always been the difference. 
States share a similar past. Both risked revolutions against the greatest powers of their times. Only the American patriots were successful while Hungarians were seemingly not. 
But it is just at this point that we must be 
the most careful in assessing the significance of Hungary’s revolt against the Soviet Union, which pitted a nation of only ten million against the armed forces of a world superpower. For the sheer courage displayed in this uprising against the most hopeless of odds not only stunned the world but inspired it. As the French writer and Nobel Laureate Albert Camus put it at the time, 
done more for freedom and justice than any people for twenty years. . . Those Hungarian workers and intellectuals, beside whom we stand today with such impotent sorrow, understood this and have made us the better to understand it. That is why their hope is also ours. In spite of their misery, their chains, their exile, they have left us a glorious heritage which we must preserve: freedom, which they not only chose, but which in a single day they gave back to us.’’ 
Practical consequences as well were to follow the Hungarian revolution even as it was crushed by columns of Soviet tanks, for the sacrifices of the freedom fighters helped lead eventually to a crescendo of falling dominos and the dissolution of the entire Soviet Union itself. The seven days of freedom Hungarians had achieved in 1956 meant that Goliath had been mortally wounded, his aura of invincibility shattered. It was just a matter of time before he collapsed into the dust once again just as in biblical times. 
experiencing the kind of attacks that don’t come from the muzzles of AK–47s or the cannons of Soviet era tanks. Caught in the whirlwind of the migrant crisis enveloping Europe, with nearly 400,000 political and economic migrants transiting the country so far this year on their way to Austria and Germany, it has been subject to harsh public criticism for not being accommodating enough to this flood of humanity. 
faithfully adhered to the very protocol established by the European Union to deal with asylum seekers in requiring their registration on entry is generally ignored. But even more fundamentally, the civilizational issues associated with nation states are just as often disregarded. Whatever one thinks of Hungary’s insistence on protecting its borders, one also has to consider the broader implications of what chaos will do to Europe’s cultural distinctiveness. 
Albert Camus’ stirring words on the Hungarian revolution are well known. Not as wellknown are his prophetic words, just as profound, about the dangers associated with 
the breakdown of civilizational rules. While the pitfalls of anarchy meant the unpleasant task of having to make order, he wrote, there had to be order, because without order, he would die, ‘‘scattered to the winds.’’ 
again about Hungary as well. Only this time it was about a people seeking to preserve the national identity they had secured for themselves with their own blood six decades earlier. It is a stand that not everyone will agree with, it is a stand that can be debated, but it is a stand that is once again resonating throughout the world. 
The stakes in this debate are not to be 
taken lightly because we should never forget that how this migrant crisis is resolved will affect not only this generation of Europeans but generation after generation to come. In a very real sense, these future generations are fated to live with the consequences of the choices made today with no other recourse to them. That means the decisions by all of us affected by this crisis need to be as wise as we can make them and our consciences as clear as we can keep them. 
upholding the asylum precepts of the European Union and safeguarding its borders represent the hard way, a path of thorns on which Hungary has so often found itself in its brilliant but tragic history. It has risked its reputation on these choices, and only time can tell us how sagacious they have been. In the meanwhile, let us hold our rush to judgement. Especially on a day in which we honor Hungary for its great sacrifices for freedom. 
its 75th anniversary and recognize their contributions to the community. 
The Congregacio ´n Mita Church was founded in 1940 in the town of Arecibo, Puerto Rico, by Juanita ‘‘Mita’’ Garcı ´a Peraza. At a 
time when women were not allowed to officiate in church, Juanita became a trailblazer, founding her congregation with a message of love, freedom, and unity. 
only 11 members. In this founding group was Teo´filo ‘‘Aaro ´n’’ Vargas Seı ´n, current President 
and Spiritual Leader of the church. In 1943, the congregation opened its first church in the humble community of Las Monjas in San Juan, Puerto Rico. In 1947, the church relocated to the Hato Rey sector of San Juan, where it is currently headquartered. A year later, in 1948, the congregation opened its first church outside Puerto Rico in New York City. As membership grew, Juanita saw the need for a new place of worship and in 1960 the congregation built a new church in Hato Rey. 
‘‘La Banda Mita,’’ a marching band that is one of the premier music orchestras in Puerto Rico today. In 1963, the first international congregation was founded in the city of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. 
Aaro´n. Aaro ´n began his Ministry at the young 
age of 15. He served as the church’s first administrator, as well as the first preacher, the senior guarda, and the lead percussionist of the marching band. When Juanita passed away in 1970, Aaro ´n assumed leadership of 
Assisting Aaro ´n with the church’s great expansion was Rosinı ´n Rodrı ´guez Pe ´rez, current 
a K–12 school in Puerto Rico accredited by the Middle State Association; the El Paraı ´so 
In 1990, on the occasion of its 50th anniversary, the church built its main house of worship in San Juan, Puerto Rico with capacity for up to 10,000 parishioners. Today, Mita’s work continues its extraordinary expansion with hundreds of thousands of members in more than 300 congregations in 12 countries around the world. 
I am happy to recognize the accomplishments of the Congregacio ´n Mita Church on 
this memorable date, the birthday of their leader Aaro ´n, and wish them continuous success in the future. 
honor the life of an exceptional man, Mr. William Stephen Arnsparger, of Paris, Kentucky. Bill Arnsparger was a part of the Greatest 
Generation, answered his nation’s call to service during World War II. He spent most of his life as a football coach, attaining greatness around the country. It is my honor to recognize him before the House of Representatives. 
in 1926. He attended Paris High School, where he was All State in football. After graduation, he joined the United States Marine Corps and was stationed in China. Following the war, Arnsparger earned his bachelor’s and master’s degrees from Miami University (Ohio), where he also played football. His coaching career began immediately after graduation as an assistant coach at Miami under Woody Hayes. 
coach at the college level at Ohio State, the University of Kentucky, and Tulane University. He was head coach at Louisiana State University. Arnsparger coached in the NFL for the Baltimore Colts, the Miami Dolphins, the New York Giants, and the San Diego Chargers. He also served as athletic director at the University of Florida. Arnsparger was famous for being the architect of the ‘‘No Name Defense’’ and the ‘‘Killer B’s’’ of the Miami Dolphins. Bill was inducted into the Miami Dolphins Honor Roll as well as Halls of Fame at Paris High School, Miami University, Kentucky Athletic, Florida Athletic, and the Kentucky Pro Football Hall of Fame. 
July 17, 2015 in Paris, Kentucky. Like many in his generation, he served his country bravely during his time in the military. He went on to live an exemplary life in his chosen profession of football. He was truly an outstanding American, a patriot, and a role model to us all. 
no. 560, due to a previously scheduled event, I was not present for this vote. Had I been present, I would have voted no. 
today marks the 59th anniversary of the 1956 Hungarian Revolution against Soviet tyranny. Though the Soviet tanks put down the uprising that time, it lit a torch of resistance that the communists could never put out and ultimately democracy prevailed. I submit the following remarks by Marion Smith, Executive Director of the Victims of Communism Memorial Foundation, at an event last evening commemorating the 1956 Hungarian Revolution. COMMEMORATING THE 1956 H UNGARIAN  
the capital of freedom. The city, which was gutted and nearly destroyed by the ruthless military showdown between Soviet and Nazi troops in World War II, became the city of hope and heartbreak in 1956. The Hungarian nation’s patriotic glory and enviable spirit broke the yoke of the Soviet Empire, if only for a few days. 
crowd eventually growing to 300,000 demanded as young people, who had everything to lose, gathered in the heart of the city. Hungarians began to tear off red stars from buildings, they toppled the statue of Stalin in front of the Hungarian Radio and tore out the Soviet symbol from the middle of the Hungarian flag, framed pictures of Lenin, Marx and Stalin were gathered on the street and burnt in bonfires. The flames of freedom lit up the nights. 
was considerably large. It should have been relatively easy to put down what the regime called a fascist ‘‘counterrevolution’’. But it wasn’t. Moscow underestimated the resilience of the people and the determination of Hungarians to fight. For their freedom, for their family, for their life. 
From the West, Hungarians received sympathy and prayers. But not much more. And yet, these mostly young patriots succeeded in driving out the Soviet tanks all the way to the outskirts of Budapest. A free and democratic Hungary seemed within grasp. 
was not yet ready for a breakup of the Iron Curtain and on November 4, Soviet tanks rolled through the city. 30,000 troops and more than a thousand tanks eventually put down the lightly armed civilians of Budapest. 
that the ‘‘Hungarian Revolutionary Worker Peasant Government’’ was formed to protect Hungary’s ‘‘socialist achievements’’. And people who disagreed, people who took a part in the fights had to pay the price. For many, the ultimate price. Some were simply shot on the streets like dogs, some disappeared in the middle of the night, some spent years in the prisons at Andra ´ssy u ´t 60, where the 
House of Terror today commemorates the brutality of the communist secret police. 
communism’’ for its more relaxed policies that allowed for some dissent, the oneparty system, political censorship, food shortages of a centrally planned economy, and the arbitrary coercion of citizens by state officials remained until the very last days of the regime. 
revolution, and more than 25 years after the regime change, it is more important than ever for Hungarians and Americans alike to remember that communism was not a beautiful utopia. It was and is an ideology that enables tyranny. Communist regimes everywhere systematically killed a portion of their own people as a matter of policy in peacetime, denied citizens their basic rights, robbed them of their food and of their labor, and tore families apart in maintaining a police state. 
U.S. has seen at the time, of political dissenters from Hungary on the heels of the 1956 revolution revealed the true intolerance of the ‘‘socialist dream’’. 
through our Witness project tells true stories about life communist regimes. To understand the depth and scope of the evil of communism we have to listen to those who knew it all too well, those like: 
years in the notorious Recsk labor camp during the 1950’s as a political prisoner due to his family background (landedowners and military officers). 
member of the Hungarian parliament in 1948, was imprisoned for four years by the communist regime because of his political beliefs only to return to the Hungarian parliament, becoming its oldest living member until his retirement in 2014. 
state to become a chemist, despite wanting to go to medical school and eventually became a filmmaker, and produced the first ever film about the Recsk labor camp—the Hungarian Gulag. 
wrecked when communist authorities targeted his father, a popular landowner. Though his efforts to escape communism brought Da ´niel to the 1956 Olympic Games 
and, eventually, San Francisco, Da ´niel remains deeply shaped by having grown up under that brutal system. 
We must not think that the fall of the Soviet Union meant the ‘‘end of history’’ or even the end of communism. As Charles de Gaulle, the former French president said: ‘‘Stalin didn’t walk away into the past, he dissolved into the future.’’ 
have been erected in several Russian towns by Russia’s Communist Party whose leader promised new statues in Irkutsk in Siberia and to Eastern Ukraine. 
In Donetsk, where the Soviets are responsible for the death of millions of Ukrainians in the period of forced starvation known as Holodomor, a new cult of Stalin is on the 
rise with new street posters of the bloody murderer on display. 
Russia is eager to display the red flag with 
hammer and sickle as a sign of past glory at sporting events from the Sochi Olympics to the FINA World Championships in Kazan. All this while Russian authorities have shut down the Soviet era archives, revised children’s text books and harassed or jailed historians or journalists who dare to tell the truth about life in the Soviet Union. 
spent more resources on fighting communism than any other country in the world, we see a shocking lack of understanding from teenagers and young adults who do not know the basics of 20th century history. They don’t understand how bankrupt the Marxist ideology actually is and why the struggle we as Americans took against communist imperialism was and is worth it. 
The simple lesson of the Cold War is that 
there is absolutely nothing romantic, cute, or enviable about the socialist system and the communist utopia. Few nations know this better than the Hungarians, whose torn red white and green flag became, in 1956 a symbol for a universal desire for freedom. And so it remains today. CHIEF GARY W. WARMAN—A 
Warman, my friend who has served 35 years with the Humble Police Department, is retiring as a Texas lawman. Gary should be recognized for his fine career and his outstanding public service to the community of Humble and the great State of Texas. 
School in Houston, Texas, Gary joined the United States Marines Corps in 1968. He served a tour in South Vietnam at Marble Mountain near Da Nang Air Base. Gary is an honorable defender of liberty and freedom and I thank him for his service to our country. 
moved back to Houston and began working as a millwright. 
learned the trade. He worked in several power plants around the Houston area for the next five years. 
his childhood dream of being a policeman. In 1975, he made that dream come true by joining Harris County Constable Precinct 1 where he trained at the Texas A&M Police Academy. He worked for Constable Walter Rankin for two years, before joining Harris County Precinct 4 under Constable C.R. Davis. 
In 1979, he was offered a job as a patrol officer and thus began his long career fighting crime with the Humble Police Department. He quickly rose through the ranks as patrol sergeant, detective sergeant, lieutenant of detective division, and lieutenant of patrol division. 
He was promoted to Chief of Police in 2002. 
His 13 years of faithful service as Chief of Police makes him the longest sitting Chief in the history of the City of Humble. 
along the way. He is a graduate of the FBI National Academy 174th session and Leadership Command College at Sam Houston State University. He also holds a Master Peace Officer Certificate. He is a member of the Texas Police Chief’s Association, North Harris County Criminal Justice Association, Arabia Shrine Temple, International Association of Police Chiefs and a life member of the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo. 
On behalf of the Second Congressional District of Texas, this remarkable Texan should be commended for his exemplary service and dedication to the City of Humble. He will be dearly missed by his fellow officers, City of Humble employees, citizens of Humble, Texas and me. We wish him happy hunting, fishing, and golfing. Thank you, Gary, for dedicating your life to public service and making our community a fine place to live and raise a family. Job well done. 
And that’s just the way it is. NATIONAL FOREST PRODUCTS 
in support of National Forest Products Week and in recognition of the 30,000 hardworking individuals employed by this industry in Washington State; including the over 1,000 pulp and paper employees in my district alone. In Washington, the industry provides nearly 2 billion dollars in annual compensation and is among the state’s largest manufacturing sectors. 
daily lives and are manufactured using recyclable and renewable resources. They are used in our businesses, schools, and homes— whether they are books, paper, shipping boxes, or LCD monitors—these products continue to meet the evolving needs of people around the world. The industry is an integral part of America’s manufacturing competitiveness and allows us to communicate, teach, and learn. 
Products Week and my constituents who contribute to this industry. I urge my colleagues to exercise common sense and sound science when it comes to rules and regulations that unnecessarily burden this vital U.S. industry. By doing so, we can guarantee these products remain globally competitive and ensure that 900,000 Americans and 30,000 Washingtonians can continue working for this important industry. 
congratulate Paul Gallegos, who was honored as Humboldt County Citizen of the Year on October 23, 2015, a welldeserved award. Paul Gallegos’ history as an attorney and as the District Attorney for Humboldt County has been a benefit to the state and the community. 
was one of 11 children. He graduated from Woodbridge Senior High School in Woodbridge, Virginia, then attended the University of Southern California, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in economics. Paul Gallegos went on to University of LaVerne School of Law, where he attained a Juris Doctorate degree. 
Paul Gallegos was district attorney for Humboldt County from 2003 to 2015. He was a partner with his wife Joan at Gallegos & Gallegos, Attorneys at Law in Eureka, and focused on state and federal civil and criminal litigation at the Law Office of Paul V. Gallegos in Claremont, CA. He is currently a partner at the Gallegos Law Firm. 
He has served with numerous legal associations, including: The California Public Defender’s Association; the National Public Defender’s Association; the California Trial Attorneys 
Association; the National District Attorneys Association, the California District Attorneys Association, and the National District Attorneys Association. He is part of the Federal Pro Bono Project and a current member of the Betty Kwan Chinn Foundation. 
law and the community of Humboldt County is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to him. 
say that the Great Lakes region of Africa is troubled would be an understatement. Burundi is experiencing continued turmoil due to a recent contentious election. The Democratic Republic of the Congo, or DRC, has had some level of conflict since the late 1990s. The Lord’s Resistance Army, also known as the LRA, has plagued several of these countries. Alleged plundering of DRC resources by Rwanda and Uganda have never been fully resolved. Nations in the region have been preoccupied in the last two years with resolving the South Sudan civil war. 
as defined by the U.S. Department of State, comprises Burundi, the DRC, Rwanda, and Uganda. The region is among the most densely populated in Africa, especially around Lake Victoria and Lake Tanganyika, and enjoys rich agricultural potential, water resources, minerals, and wildlife. However, political instability, conflict, humanitarian crises, and a lack of development remain key challenges. 
U.S. Special Envoy to the Great Lakes, Tom Perriello, whom we had before my subcommittee yesterday. We also had Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Linda ThomasGreenfield, who has spent a great deal of her time in office dealing with Great Lakes issues. 
to hear from these administration officials not only about continuing U.S. efforts to extinguish the LRA threat, but also the administration’s work with governments in the region on issues such as peace building, governance and adherence to international human rights and democracy standards. 
by the M23 militia in eastern DRC in late 2013, there are several other militias still causing instability in the region. 
The Kabila government in the DRC is reportedly using a ban on completing foreign adoptions as leverage to ward off actions to prevent him from prolonging his rule despite a constitutional bar to any reelection bid. 
Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza’s decision to run for a third term, which some Burundians and outside observers viewed as a violation of a landmark peace agreement— and, arguably, the Constitution of Burundi— 
has led to a political crisis and heightened concerns about regional stability. 
to be targeted toward real or perceived political opponents prior to 2012, but after 2012, such abuses were seen as more random, expanding the targets of the regime. 
Maj. Robert Higero, a retired Rwandan military officer, told our subcommittee on May 20th about his solicitation by the Rwandan intelligence chief to kill to highlevel defectors. He turned against the government and informed the targets who asked him to record the offer. He did, and the recording was validated by the Globe and Mail in Canada and the British Broadcasting Corporation. The State Department has not only found the allegations to be credible but warned Maj. Higero to leave Belgium where his life was in danger. 
past few years, kidnappings by the group have risen as it operates in smaller, scattered cells, using more adults as temporary labor. One witness at our hearing last month said an end to the U.S. support for the counterLRA effort would be ‘‘devastating.’’ 
We have heard of the difficulties of addressing issues in this troubled region of Africa by both government and private witnesses over the past few years. However, the fates of these countries are interconnected, and our policies need to take this into account. 
Lakes countries that require examination, and we discussed yesterday what should be a coordinated U.S. policy in this region and we heard from our witnesses what the prospects are for this policy to be implemented. 
I rise to pay tribute to the accomplishments of Mr. William Osborne, as he retires from a long career spanning both the private and public sectors. Whichever job he held, it was clear that Mr. Osborne always had Georgia and its citizens on his mind. 
Originally a journalist, Mr. Osborne graduated from the University of Georgia’s journalism school with distinction and went on to work at the Atlanta Journal. After a few years, Mr. Osborne left the Journal to direct and help establish DeKalb County’s ResearchInformation office. The office was one of the first public information offices in the United States of America. When the National Association of Counties established their own public information office, Mr. Osborne was chosen to be vice president by his colleagues. 
of Atlanta’s public information office and held the position for a few months before setting his sights on helping to improve the education system in Atlanta and Conyers. As Director of Information and Community Relations and later of Evaluation and Dissemination of Pupil Personnel Services, he undertook the effort of desegregating and integrating Atlanta public schools in the 1960’s. He has helped to develop and improve communities and cities throughout metro Atlanta as a consultant and throughout the southern United States as a part of the Council of State Governments. Mr. Osborne has advocated for citizens and the improvement of Georgia as well as throughout the United States. 
for the Southern Governor’s Association and maintained their Atlanta office, working with 19 Governors and their key staff members. 
which he was reappointed 24 times, Mr. Osborne saw the city triple in population size. He worked with three different mayors and 30 different city council members. He oversaw and guided the city as its budget quadrupled in size. Under Mr. Osborne’s guidance and leadership Douglasville has continued to grow and prosper. He will certainly be missed by all who have had the honor of working with him. 
achievements of Mr. Osborne and to commend his passion and dedication for the local government and citizens not only in Douglasville but throughout the State of Georgia. I ask my colleagues to join me in venerating this distinguished colleague and his service to the people of Georgia. 
to recognize Ms. Daisy Steed on the occasion of her retirement as Manager of Ellyson Industrial Park in Pensacola, Florida. For more than 30 years, Ms. Steed has dedicated her life to serving the Northwest Florida community, and I am pleased to honor her outstanding achievements. 
1982 after serving 17 years with the City of Hartselle, Alabama, where she served in various capacities, including as interim City Manager. An assiduous worker, Ms. Steed also held many different positions in Escambia County, one year serving in five different capacities, before she was called on to help develop Ellyson Industrial Park and Marcus Pointe Commerce Park. As a result of her acumen, work ethic, and dedication to serving her community, Ms. Steed was named ‘‘Employee of the Month’’ several times, and, in 1997, she was selected as ‘‘Employee of the Year’’ in recognition of her excellent performance, courtesy, and professionalism. 
During her career managing Ellyson Industrial Park, Ms. Steed was instrumental in recruiting more than 20 companies to the park, helping to bring jobs and bolster economic development in the Gulf Coast region. Ms. Steed’s success and dedication is also exemplified by her work securing funding to help build a new National Guard Armory. As a strong supporter of our military and National Guard, and in recognition of her efforts to help shepherd the construction of the National Guard Armory, Ms. Steed was one of a select group of civilians to be awarded the ‘‘Leadership Award’’ from Major General Harrison. 
of Manager of the Ellyson Industrial Park, Ms. Steed is affectionately called ‘‘the Mayor of Ellyson.’’ Her level of professionalism and dedication to the enhancement of Escambia County’s economic and industrial development is apparent in the manner in which she represents her Ellyson Industrial Park Association in her day to day life. 
community, I am pleased to congratulate Ms. Daisy Steed on her wellearned retirement after more than 30 years of dedicated service to the Northwest Florida community. My wife Vicki and I wish her all the best for continued success. 
submit these remarks to commemorate and celebrate the life of Macel Falwell. Mrs. Falwell passed away on October 15, 2015, at the age of 82. 
Falwell, founder of Thomas Road Baptist Church and Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, Mrs. Falwell and her husband could never have imagined where God’s plan would take them during their 49 years of marriage. She was selfadmittedly timid, but never shied away from life’s experiences and opportunities. 
Mrs. Falwell was truly a pillar of the Lynchburg community. She touched many lives through her work with Thomas Road Baptist Church and other local organizations. Many remember the musical talents she shared with her congregation, while others reflect on her work with Liberty Christian Academy, including serving as President of the School Board. It is without a doubt that she leaves behind a rich legacy of service. 
But her greatest joy and role was as wife 
and mother. Mrs. Falwell is survived by three children: Jonathan, the pastor of Thomas Road Baptist Church, where his father preached for 51 years; Jeannie Savas, a surgeon; and Jerry Jr., the current president of Liberty University. Our thoughts and prayers remain with her children, grandchildren, and many other beloved family members and friends. 
was well known in the Thomas Road Baptist Church and Liberty University family as a woman of poise and grace. Never desiring the spotlight, she faithfully and quietly stood by her husband for many years as both institutions were founded and built but she was always most comfortable in her role as a pastor’s wife. She was his greatest cheerleader, confidant, advisor and friend during their ministry together.’’ 
by those here on Earth, we know that she is now at peace in heaven with her husband. Countless people would echo the sentiment shared by Mrs. Falwell’s son, Jonathan, shortly after her passing: ‘‘I can’t believe I’ve been 
CELEBRATING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NAACP TOLEDO BRANCH 
highlight a significant event in the life and times of a Toledo, Ohio institution: 2015 marks the 100th anniversary of the Toledo branch of the NAACP. The organization celebrates this milestone with a special gala on Saturday, October 24, 2015. 
The Toledo Branch of the NAACP was chartered on February 2, 1915. Today, one hundred years later, it is one of the oldest continually operating branches in the country. The branch was formed by some of the leading citizens of the day including Albertus Brown— the first chapter president—Charles A. Cottrill and Della Fields. These three founders were able to grow that initial gathering to about 160 people. Since then, the Toledo NAACP branch has marched through time thanks in large part to what historian Kenneth Goings refers to as the ‘‘ ‘unsung heroes’ of the Toledo chapter— everyday men and women who worked behind the scenes over the years to make sure the chapter would make it to its 100th birthday.’’ 
the Toledo branch of the NAACP was led by several legendary leaders who served at the helm of the organization throughout the years. These leaders’ names reverberate through history, still recognized today through the buildings and streets named for them. We remember their legacy and the shoulders on which the generations forward have stood through the century. 
has been a leader in the fight for empowerment and justice for all. Its focus grew from battles against outright discrimination in the past to prosperity and ensuring the economic, educational, judicial and social equality as well as enfranchisement of all citizens. 
to serve our mission by having a relevant agenda that emphasizes career and economic development, next level entrepreneurship, political empowerment, educational excellence, health and lifestyle awareness, civil rights and youth outreach.’’ Coupled with the mission and vision of the NAACP ‘‘to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate racial hatred and racial discrimination and ensure a society in which all individuals have equal rights and there is no racial hatred or racial discrimination’’ the Toledo branch’s 100 year history is a story of highs and lows in that journey. The organization has been at the vanguard of the events which have shaped our nation’s 20th century and beyond. Today, it continues on a path toward social justice reminiscent of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King’s admonition that ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.’’ 
the NAACP is headquartered in the city’s historic Dorr Street corridor, once home to a 
thriving African American business district and the center of its residential communities. The corridor’s own storied history marched alongside that of the NAACP in bringing prosperity to Toledo’s African American families. 
once explained when discussing the organization, ‘‘. . . the NAACP branches—the grassroots—kept plugging away. They kept doing what they do, and they do it well.’’ For 100 years the Toledo branch of the NAACP has done it well: as a champion of humanity and hope, a beacon of light and a wellspring of truth. As we look back on a century of service, of triumph and trials, we look forward to renewed hope for the future. 
today to recognize the importance of the forest products industry as we celebrate National Forest Products Week. The forest products industry provides critical contributions to the economy of Georgia and the United States. 
logging activities employ over 8,600 people; wood products manufacturing facilities employ over 16,800; and pulp and paper manufacturing facilities provide over 18,800 jobs— amounting to a minimum of 44,200 jobs provided by the forest products industry in the State of Georgia alone. Furthermore, these industries contribute over $2 billion to annual payrolls in Georgia, which underscores the vitality of the forestry industry to the state’s economy. 
the forest products industry has made important technological advances in building design to improve the energy efficiency, speed of construction, and environmental performance of buildings. Industry innovation has created new opportunities to expand the use of wood building materials in construction by providing more costsavings, quicker construction times, and fewer impacts to the environment than alternative building materials. 
that naturallyimpounds carbon, significantly reducing the overall carbon footprint of a construction project. Additionally, wood manufacturing requires far less energy and results in fewer greenhouse gas emissions than other common construction materials, as noted in a study by the U.S. Forest Service. 
As Americans continue to improve the energy efficiency of our buildings, it is essential that we encourage the use of wood in homes and buildings, particularly federal government buildings, where the efficiency savings gained from using forest products can be passed on to the taxpayers. 
Given the positive economic and environmental impact on Georgia and on the country as whole, I am pleased to honor the fine companies and employees of this industry during National Forest Products Week. 
to recognize Milton High School in Milton, Florida upon the occasion of its Centennial Anniversary. 
first opened its doors on November 1, 1915, welcoming 252 students in grades 1 through 12. Today, the school has a student body of over 1,700 students. 
As the only high school serving the City of 
Milton, the school has educated thousands of students over the course of its 100year history, and its graduates have gone on to achieve great success in many fields. Its strong athletic program continues to give students the opportunity to participate in many organized sports including: soccer, football, baseball, cheerleading, and volleyball, among others. Milton High teams have won numerous awards and championships, including backto back state football championships. Additionally, MHS is home to the Mighty Black and Gold Marching Band and has a renowned fine arts department, several honor societies and service clubs, as well as a Navy Junior ROTC and an unparalleled computer technology lab, known as Milton Institute of Technology. 
Along with receiving an ‘‘A’’ academic rating, Milton High School was also recently named one of the best high schools in America by U.S. News and World Report. Notable alumni from Milton High School include: Founder and Chairman of Aflac Paul Amos; PGA Tour golfers: Heath Slocum, Bubba Watson, and Boo Weekley; and former Speaker of the Florida House of Representatives Bolley ‘‘Bo’’ Johnson. However, Milton High School has also served as the foundation for doctors, lawyers, engineers, ministers, financial experts, NASA experts, pilots, military heroes, college and professional athletes, educators, and countless other dedicated alumni who have impacted Florida and our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, my wife Vicki and I would like 
to congratulate the Milton High School Panthers on 100 years of excellence, and we wish them all the best for continued success. 
FRANKLIN ON THE OCCASION OF THEIR 77TH WEDDING ANNIVERSARY AND IN CELEBRATION OF THEIR 100TH BIRTHDAYS 
express my congratulations to George and Agnes Franklin on celebrating their 77th anniversary and in celebration of their 100th birthdays. 
This is a great milestone in a marriage and 
speaks highly to the love and commitment they have shown to one another and their family over the years. As they reflect on the great memories and 
milestones that have highlighted the past fifty years, I know they will think fondly on all they have shared together, and I wish them all the best for the future. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this time to recognize the life of Mr. William T. Stanley, a scientist from the Field Museum located in Chicago, IL. Born in Lebanon, Bill grew up in Kenya and moved to the United States with intentions on becoming an animal scientist. 
Bill was in charge of some 29 million species at the Field Museum in Chicago. Scientists and students would reach out to Bill for his resourcefulness in their respected field of study. He has helped many graduate students reach their potentials with his assistance to their thesis and dissertations. His knowledge and ability to explain specimens in detail motivated his audience to engage and learn. 
Reaching his goals to becoming a mammalian researcher, his character touched the lives of everyone he came in contact with. Bill was known for not only his research but also his ability to fill the room with his good spirits and incredible sense of humor. Bill will be missed by his family, friends and the mammalian research in which he devoted his life too. 
I would like to thank William T. Stanley for 
his strong leadership and contributions to the city of Chicago and may he rest in peace. 
attended Berkeley High School, then earned a bachelor’s degree in social science from California State University in Sacramento. From 1976 to 1998 she was a State of California Architectural Associate, heavy equipment mechanic, building maintenance worker and auto technician for the California Highway Patrol. Linda Atkins then spent three years working for Caltrans’ material engineering division. During her work with the state, she integrated several employment classifications as a tradeswoman and was a Service Employees International Union Local 1000 representative. Linda Atkins has also been a strong advocate for gay and lesbian state employees. 
In 1998, Linda Atkins was elected to the Eureka City Council, where she is a councilwoman to this day. Linda Atkins has been a longtime member of the Humboldt County Democratic Central Committee and has served as its chair; she is also a member of the Eureka Progressive Democratic Club. She has helped bring a diverse viewpoint to the city council and has been a strong participant in local elections. Linda Atkins was recognized as Community Partner of the Year in 2014. Mr. Speaker, Linda Atkins’ dedication to the 
state and the Humboldt County community is commendable and worthy of recognition. I urge my colleagues to join me in extending our congratulations to her. 
express my congratulations to Sue Goodnow in celebration of her reaching her 100th birthday. 
milestones that have highlighted the past hundred years, I know she will think fondly on all that she’s accomplished and the positive impact she’s had on New Hampshire. 
Ms. Goodnow on achieving this wonderful milestone, and wish her the best on all future endeavors. 
Miss RICE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to congratulate the Rambam Mesivta academy in Lawrence, New York, on receiving the National Blue Ribbon School award. As the only school on Long Island to receive a Blue Ribbon award this year, Rambam Mesivta has truly distinguished itself as an exceptional academic institution deeply committed to the educational and personal development of its student body. 
For 24 years, Rambam Mesivta has implemented a rigorous curriculum that challenges its students to not only strive for academic excellence, but also to become more engaged members of their community and better citizens of the world. In fact, within days of the 2004 earthquake and tsunami in Southeast Asia, which killed more than 250,000 people, students from Rambam Mesivta raised more than $6,000 to help rebuild schools and buy school supplies in Sri Lanka. 
the Har Nof synagogue in Jerusalem, in which four Jewish worshipers were killed, a group of 10th graders from Rambam Mesivta responded immediately with a campaign to raise money for the victims’ families. Within a day of the attack, the students had raised nearly $20,000, and within 10 days, they raised over one million. Nearly two months after they launched their campaign, this passionate and caring group of students raised over two million dollars. 
a dedication not just to their studies, but to public service and to helping those in need. I am truly proud to represent this wonderful school and its community in Congress. 
Rambam Mesivta on receiving the National Blue Ribbon Award and I want to thank its students, administrators and faculty for their incredible work and their service to our community. 
Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned and saddened by the recent reports of increased violence in Israel and the West Bank. 
I join with Secretary of State John Kerry and 
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki Moon in urging both Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to publicly condemn the violence, use rhetoric that will calm tensions in the region, and refrain from making public statements that will incite violence. 
with President Abbas and Prime Minister Netanyahu this week are helpful in putting an end to the violence that has already taken so many lives and allows for a constructive dialogue that can ultimately lead to a peaceful resolution for the region. 
honor the life and work of a dedicated public servant of California’s 18th Congressional District. 
Queens, New York, and died on October 11, 2015, at the age of 81. He leaves his wife of 57 years, Ruth; his son, Dan Rosenbaum; his daughter, Amy Rosenbaum and three grandchildren. 
Brooklyn Tech and attended Cornell University on a full scholarship, and earned his Ph.D. in aeronautical engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He and his wife moved to Palo Alto in 1963, and he worked as a research scientist for Lockheed for 31 years. 
Palo Alto City Council, from 1971 to 1975 and from 1991 to 1999, serving as Mayor in 1998. He was called a ‘‘fiscal bloodhound’’ by the Palo Alto Weekly and was prescient about the dangers of excessive city spending. He was a residentialist who valued the quality of life in Palo Alto, and worked to preserve historic buildings. He supported low income housing but opposed overly dense projects. He wrote frequently for the Palo Alto Weekly, usually about fiscal matters. He was loved and respected by his colleagues for his integrity and sense of humor. I had the privilege to represent Dick and work with him on behalf of our mutual constituents. Mr. Speaker, I ask the entire House to join 
me in honoring the life and work of Dick Rosenbaum and in extending our condolences to his family. Our community and our country are stronger because of the life and work of Dick Rosenbaum. 
Mr. ISSA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize and pay tribute to the great musical contributions of singer and songwriter, Mr. Graham Nash. 
member of several legendary musical acts and written many powerful songs like ‘‘Teach Your Children’’ and love songs like ‘‘Our House’’ with Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. I particularly remember the song ‘‘He Ain’t Heavy, He’s My Brother’’ when he was a member of The Hollies because we both lived in Ohio. 
Mr. Nash won a GRAMMY in 1969 for ‘‘Best 
New Artist’’ with Crosby, Stills, & Nash. Their debut album was nominated for Album of the Year and inducted into the GRAMMY Hall of Fame in 1999. Mr. Nash is also a twotimeinductee in both the Songwriter’s Hall of Fame as well as the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. 
author, an internationally renowned photographer, and a philanthropist and activist, Mr. Nash used an array of artistic outlets to share his beliefs and talents around the world. 
Mr. Nash was born and raised in the United 
Kingdom. But he mentioned to me one of his proudest days was August 14, 1978—the day he became an American citizen. He is currently a resident in California and I am proud he calls our great state home. 
Touching the Flame’’ at the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Museum in Cleveland, Ohio, documents the extraordinary career of Mr. Nash. We are fortunate he has shared his creative musical talents and thoughtprovoking songs with the world. For these reasons, I commend Mr. Graham Nash as a remarkable lyricist and performer. 
rise today to remember Simon Konover, who passed away on October 20, 2015 in Delray Beach, Florida at the age of 93. Konover was the founder and patriarch of The Simon Konover Company and Konover South, a diversified, fully integrated real estate empire, based in West Hartford, Connecticut and Deerfield Beach, Florida. 
stature, based upon strong ethics and innovation. This familyowned business now spans three generations. The companies, established in 1957, have developed, constructed, owned and operated properties throughout the Midwest and Eastern U.S., stretching from Maine 
to Florida. The company’s extensive portfolio has included shopping centers, hotels, residential communities, office buildings, industrial buildings, mixed use and specialty properties. Over the course of its history the Konover companies have owned and operated 15 million square feet of retail, 20,000 apartment units, 2 million square feet of office space, 4000 hotel rooms and more. 
Konover is also recognized as an exceptional philanthropist, as a pillar of both the national and Hartford Jewish communities, and as one of Connecticut’s outstanding civic leaders. His deeds, accomplishments and commitment are legendary. His life was devoted to community, enormous generosity and kind deeds. A complete list of organizations that he 
was involved in, and honors received, could fill pages and are too numerous to recount here. A sampling: Konover is a Junior Achievement Laureate and member of its Business Hall of Fame. He was recognized as Hotelier of the Year by the Connecticut Lodging and Restaurant Associations. Konover was a trustee of the Doris and Simon Konover Family Foundation. He donated construction management services to Paul Newman’s Hole in the Wall Gang Camp for seriously ill children in Ashford, Connecticut and also initiated the creation of an affiliated camp in Israel. Konover built campus housing at the University of Hartford, and along with his wife Doris, was instrumental in creating the Konover Campus Center there. They are founding supporters of the Center for Judaic Studies and Contemporary Jewish Life at the University of Connecticut, which among its numerous activities expanded its study of human rights. 
faculty chair, their other major donations to UCONN include the University Libraries, the Thomas J. Dodd Center, the Kosher Dining Center and UCONN Health Center. Konover received three honorary doctoral degrees: from UCONN, University of Hartford and Gratz College. Recognition of Konover’s community contributions are countless and include the Prime Minister’s New Life Award from the National Committee for Israel Bonds. He received the Distinguished Service Award to the Cause of Good Relations from the National Conference for Community and Justice. He is a founder of the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. and served as President and Campaign Chairman for the Jewish Federation of Greater Hartford, where he was also honored as a Life Director. He received the JFACT Community Builder Award. He is a founding member of Beth El Temple in West Hartford and a major donor to the new Hebrew High School of New England in West Hartford and Hebrew University in Israel. 
Makow Mazowieki in Poland, one of 8 children. At age 16 at the start of World War II in 1939, he was interned in a Nazi labor farm, where he survived unimaginable indignities. He narrowly escaped to Russia, where he was drafted into its army. He endured many hardships as a truck driver delivering supplies to the front line during the Battle of Stalingrad. He was imprisoned for one year in a Siberian hard labor camp until the war’s end in 1945. Konover often stated that he ‘‘lived minute to minute, not hour to hour.’’ He survived the war with his brother Harold, but lost his parents, five siblings, brothersinlaw, nieces, nephews, 
extended family members, friends and his entire way of life in the Holocaust. In 1949 he immigrated to the United States, after first living as a refugee in France and Cuba. In the United States, he met his oldest brother David 
for the first time. David had left Poland before Simon was born. Konover fulfilled his desire to live a good, full and meaningful life. He 
chased and ultimately found his version of the American Dream. 
He is also survived by daughter and sonin law Jane and Robert Coppa, his son and daughterinlaw Michael and Vicki Konover, and his son Steven Konover. He also leaves 
his four grandchildren Karen Coppa (with her husband Eric Kleinman), David Coppa, Kimberle Konover and Gregory Konover (with his wife Elise Konover), as well as three great grandchildren. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, October 26, 2015. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 13 public bills, H.R. 3815–3827; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 489–490 were introduced.
H.R. 765, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to permanently extend the 15year recovery period for qualified leasehold improvement property, qualified restaurant property, and qualified retail improvement property, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–306); 
H.R. 961, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 to permanently extend the subpart F exemption for active financing income, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–307); 
of 1986 to repeal the amendments made by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act which disqualify expenses for overthecounter drugs under health savings accounts and health flexible spending arrangements, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–308); 
of 1986 to make permanent the lookthrough treatment of payments between related controlled foreign corporations, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–309); and 
of 1986 to improve and make permanent the above theline deduction for certain expenses of elementary and secondary school teachers, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–310).
                                                Page H7173 Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval 
Restoring Americans’ Healthcare Freedom Reconciliation Act of 2015: The House passed H.R. 
3762, to provide for reconciliation pursuant to section 2002 of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016, by a recorded vote of 240 ayes to 189 noes, Roll No. 568.
of the bill (H.R. 3762) was agreed to yesterday, October 22nd. 
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Monday, October 26th for Morning Hour debate.
Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce—Appointment: The Chair 
announced the Speaker’s appointment of the following Members to the Select Investigative Panel of the Committee on Energy and Commerce: Representative Blackburn, Chair; Representatives Pitts, Black, Bucshon, Duffy, Harris, Hartzler, and Love. 
Quorum Calls—Votes: One recorded vote developed during the proceedings of today and appears on page H7164. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 1:29 p.m. 
Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘Reviewing the Accuracy of Medicaid and Exchange Eligibility Determinations’’. Testimony was heard from Carolyn Yocom, Director, Health Care, Government Accountability Office; and Seto Bagdoyan, Director, Audit Services, Forensic and Investigative Service, Government Accountability Office. 
Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Fighting Fraud Against the Elderly, an Update’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel Kaufman, Deputy Directory, Bureau of Consumer Protection, Federal Trade Commission; Stacy Canan, Deputy Director, Office of Financial Protection for Older Americans, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau; Robert F. Harris, Cook County Public Guardian; and public witnesses. 
Committee on Financial Services: Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government Sponsored Enterprises held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the SEC’s Division of Investment Management’’. Testimony was heard from David Grim, Director, Division of Investment Management, Securities and Exchange Commission. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade held a hearing entitled ‘‘Evaluating the ExportImport Bank in the Global Economy’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1128 October 23, 2015 
Program for Monday: Senate will be in a period of 
morning business. At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Lawrence Joseph Vilardo, to be United States District Judge for the Western District of New York, and vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Barr, Andy, Ky., E1523 Bishop, Sanford D., Jr., Ga., E1526 Blumenauer, Earl, Ore., E1521 Davis, Danny K., Ill., E1527 Eshoo, Anna G., Calif., E1528 Farr, Sam, Calif., E1521 
Goodlatte, Bob, Va., E1526 Granger, Kay, Tex., E1523 Grayson, Alan, Fla., E1522 Guinta, Frank C., N.H., E1521, E1527, E1527 Huffman, Jared, Calif., E1524, E1527 Issa, Darrell E., Calif., E1528 Kaptur, Marcy, Ohio, E1526 Larson, John B., Conn., E1528 
Lofgren, Zoe, Calif., E1528 Miller, Jeff, Fla., E1525, E1527 Newhouse, Dan, Wash., E1524 Poe, Ted, Tex., E1524 Rice, Kathleen M., N.Y., E1527 Scott, David, Ga., E1525 Smith, Christopher H., N.J., E1522, E1523, E1525 