Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, this weekend, I learned that there would be no costofliving adjustment this year for those living on Social Security. Not only will Social Security recipients not see a costofliving increase this year but, also, disabled veterans. 
disability in North Carolina who will be suffering this year. Our senior citizens and disabled veterans are having a difficult time making ends meet, and it 
is not fair that the Federal Government continues to waste money with failed policies like Afghanistan. It is disgraceful. 
debt ceiling of this Nation for years to come because of wasteful spending. This means we will be borrowing more money to continue spending more than we take in. Our annual Federal deficit is still over $400 billion a year. 
tired of our wasteful spending, and I know they are frustrated. Once again, our failed policy in Afghanistan is a prime example of the waste, fraud, and abuse of the American taxpayer dollar, but it continues on and on for years to come. 
In the recent HouseSenate conference bill, Congress included $38 billion for the Overseas Contingency Operation, which is a slush fund used to get around sequestration spending caps for the Department of Defense. 
We have already spent over $685 billion in Afghanistan since 2001, and according to the Congressional Budget Office, we will be spending at least $30 billion a year in Afghanistan for the next 8 years, and Congress has never debated the policy of Afghanistan. 
neverending wars in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan. We continue to spend money on a fool’s errand in the Middle East. Meanwhile, our disabled veterans at home cannot keep up with the rising costs of daily living. President Obama will be keeping 10,000 troops in Afghanistan through all of next year and at least 5,000 there after 2016. 
to a former commandant of the Marine Corps whom I knew, and I asked him to give me his advice on Afghanistan. Many times he has given me his best advice, but one that has stuck with me for years is this—and I quote the commandant: ‘‘What do we say to the mother and 
father . . . the wife . . . of the last marine or soldier killed to support a corrupt government and corrupt leader in a war that cannot be won?’’ 
and the administration think we can change history. The history of Afghanistan has shown that no outside military force has ever changed it, from Alexander the Great, to the British, to the Russians. It is truly the graveyard of empires, and I hope we won’t have a headstone there, waiting, that will read, ‘‘Welcome, America, to the graveyard of empires.’’ 
a reminder of the cost of war in Afghanistan. There is a little girl holding her mother’s hand as they are waiting to follow a caisson down to bury the little girl’s father and the wife’s husband. 
for collapse in this country. Let’s not continue to spend and waste money, blood, and limbs in Afghanistan. 
bless our men and women in uniform, to please bless the families of our men and women in uniform, and, God, please bless America and please wake up the Congress before it is too late. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. WALKER ) for 5 minutes. 
a problem in making sure that all of our senior adult population is treated with the utmost respect and proper care. 
HUD’s Section 232 Program was intended to provide Federal loan insurance for loans covering the needs of 
nursing homes and other eldercare facilities. However, while HUD requires these applicants to submit their latest quality ratings, which is a onestar to fivestar rating from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, the quality rating is not a deciding factor. 
provide routinely poor care to receive repeated taxpayer insurance loans. Among others, this is seen in the rise in the number and volume of onestar facilities that received HUD insurance each year from 2009 to 2012 but, also, in reports over two decades from GAO’s and HUD’s inspectors general. 
enough to provide real reform to ensure that taxpayer dollars do not go to nursing homes that consistently provide poor care to our seniors and to our needy. We must ensure that taxpayer support is going to nursing homes that provide quality care for their residents, not to facilities that provide continually deficient care. 
loan eligibility, the Nursing Home Accountability Act ensures that new federally backed loans go to nursing homes with a demonstrated commitment to quality care for their residents. 
Under CMS’ FiveStar Quality Rating System, if a nursing home receives a rating of two stars or less for 30 consecutive months, the nursing home will then be ineligible for any future section 232 loans. 
After a nursing home becomes ineligible for future section 232 loans under this Act, it can become eligible once more for future loans if the facility maintains a rating of three stars or more for 30 months. 
receive a blank slate when this law is enacted, and HUD is allowed to continue to service previously issued loans 
I would also like to say thanks to our 
local FOX affiliate for researching the gross mismanagement of Federal funds and bringing a greater awareness of this important matter. 
the national conversation of how we can better focus this program on the quality of care provided to our seniors and to the needy. 
Accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) at 2 p.m. PRAYER 
blessing on all those who are discerning significant options about leadership here in the people’s House. May a spirit of freedom and public responsibility prevail among the other voices competing for ascendancy in the conversations and debates that ensue. 
good measure—pressed down, shaken together, and running over—that the legacy of great legislators of our history might be carried on with integrity for the benefit of all. 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, the past 2 weeks in South Carolina have been inspiring as I learned and saw spontaneous acts of thoughtfulness and compassion for flood victims. 
disastrous collision of a weather front from the west meeting a moisture laden trough from the east caused by Hurricane Joaquin bypassing the State, dumping 11 trillion gallons of water, inundating communities with rainfalls up to 26 inches overnight. The volume was equal to filling the Rose Bowl over 130,000 times. 
Guard Adjutant General Bob Livingston, backed up by the State Guard, have continued to lead dedicated personnel for safety and recovery. Colonel Kevin Shwedo will be the recovery coordinator. 
daily, such as the courage of Frank Roddey, Ryan Truluck, Drew Bozard, 
and Zack Hudson, who were cited by The State for rescuing, by boat, neighbors from their submerged Lake Katherine homes. Every church and school has energized volunteers and relief efforts for families. 
and J.T. Gandolfo with Rich O’Dell for raising over $141,000 in a WLTX telethon, with Columbia Rotary Club members receiving the calls. 
Johnson deserves praise for his dedicated FEMA personnel and SBA representatives implementing Federal assistance. 
and the President by his actions should never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of National Forest Products Week. 
The forestry and wood product manufacturing industry support over 44,000 jobs in the State of Georgia. 
Over the past several years, many architects around the world have demonstrated the successful application of nextgeneration lumber and masstimber technologies. These new technologies are providing a new, sustainable solution for building safe, cost effective, and highperforming buildings, most of the time in densely populated cities around the world. 
promoting wood product innovation, we can ensure that the wood product industry will continue to be a significant employer throughout the United States. I encourage continued support of forest lands and support for strong wood product markets so we can keep this industry healthy for future generations. 
industry for your continued contributions to our local economy, the State of Georgia, and the entire Nation. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to recognize the students and faculty at Marvin Ward Elementary School in WinstonSalem, North Carolina. 
in South Carolina on their minds, this title I school conducted an informal collection of supplies for those impacted by the devastation. In just 24 hours, the school community had come together for the people of South Carolina and collected clothing, blankets, 
toiletries, pet food, and over 60 cases of water. 
arithmetic, it is clear that the administration and faculty have also been teaching important lessons in compassion and generosity, which I am sure went along very well with the lessons being learned by these students from their families. 
Ward Elementary met the call for assistance with extraordinary result. Its students should be commended for their giving spirit and commitment to helping others. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives: 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with two grand jury subpoenas for documents issued by the United States District Court for the Central District of Illinois. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with one of the subpoenas is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. After further consultation with counsel, I will make the determinations required by Rule VIII with respect to the second subpoena. 
OF APPROPRIATIONS, THE HONORABLE CHAKA FATTAH, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Michelle AndersonLee, Director of Appropriations, the Honorable CHAKA FATTAH , Member of Congress: 
formally pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives that I have been served with a subpoena, issued by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, for testimony in a criminal case. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 4 p.m. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1428) to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Judicial Redress Act of 2015’’. 
respect to covered records, a covered person may bring a civil action against an agency and obtain civil remedies, in the same manner, to the same extent, and subject to the same limitations, including exemptions and exceptions, as an individual may bring and obtain with respect to records under— 
may, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of Homeland Security, designate a foreign country or regional economic integration organization, or member country of such organization, as a ‘‘covered country’’ for purposes of this section if— 
that the country or regional economic integration organization, or member country of such organization, has effectively shared information with the United States for the purpose of preventing, investigating, detecting, or prosecuting criminal offenses and has appropriate privacy protections for such shared information. 
(for purposes of reporting or preventing unlawful activity) to the United States by a private entity or person. 
shall determine whether an agency or component thereof is a ‘‘designated Federal agency or component’’ for purposes of this section. The Attorney General shall not designate any agency or component thereof other than the Department of Justice or a component of the Department of Justice without the concurrence of the head of the relevant agency, or of the agency to which the component belongs. 
Attorney General may determine that an agency or component of an agency is a ‘‘designated Federal agency or component’’ for purposes of this section, if— 
person’’ means a natural person (other than an individual) who is a citizen of a covered country. 
record’’ has the same meaning for a covered person as a record has for an individual under section 552a of title 5, United States Code, once the covered record is transferred— 
in this section shall be construed to waive any applicable privilege or require the disclosure of classified information. Upon an agency’s request, the district court shall review in camera and ex parte any submission by the agency in connection with this subsection. 
effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 1428 currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
CONYERS for introducing this important bipartisan legislation to extend privacy protections and help ensure that the flow of law enforcement information between the European Union and the United States continues unimpeded. 
highly publicized leaks of classified U.S. intelligence information have eroded the global public’s trust in the United States Government and our technology sector. As a result, both the Federal Government and U.S. businesses that operate overseas are facing growing challenges from proposals to 
are concerned that the European public will no longer support law enforcement cooperation with U.S. authorities if we do not enact legislation to restore their public’s trust in U.S. privacy protections. 
across all sectors face negative commercial consequences abroad as a result of the climate that has been created by the unauthorized disclosure of classified data. 
can go a long way toward restoring our allies’ faith in U.S. data privacy protections and helping facilitate agreements such as the Data Privacy and Protection Agreement that enhance international cooperation. 
According to the Department of Justice, the Judicial Redress Act is critical to reestablishing a trusting relationship between the European Union and the United States, to ensuring continued strong law enforcement cooperation between the United States and Europe, and to preserving the ability of American companies to do business internationally. 
The Judicial Redress Act accomplishes this by granting citizens of designated foreign countries a limited number of civil remedies against the Federal Government, similar to those already provided U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents under the Privacy Act. 
in that it only applies with respect to information obtained through international law enforcement channels. Any lawsuit brought pursuant to this bill is subject to the same terms and restrictions that apply to U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents under the Privacy Act. 
of designated foreign governments will be able to sue the United States in Federal District Court with respect to intentional and willful public disclosures of law enforcement information by the Federal Government that injure those citizens. 
not subject to an exemption under the Privacy Act, covered foreign citizens will be able to seek redress for failures by the Federal Government to grant access to records or to amend incorrect records. American citizens are already afforded these types of judicial redress rights in many foreign countries. 
remedies against the United States Government, they will provide European citizens with the core benefits of the Privacy Act and, in doing so, will greatly help to restore the public trust necessary for the continued success of our law enforcement cooperation with Europe. 
of the Data Privacy and Protection Agreement and promote a healthy environment for U.S. companies that do 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON OVERSIGHT AND GOVERNMENT REFORM , 
H.R. 1428, the Judicial Redress Act of 2015. As you know, the Committee on the Judiciary received an original referral and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform a secondary referral when the bill was introduced on March 18, 2015. I recognize and appreciate your desire to bring this legislation before the House of Representatives in an expeditious manner, and accordingly, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform will forego action on the bill. 
mutual understanding that by foregoing consideration of H.R. 1428 at this time, we do not waive any jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in this or similar legislation. Further, I request your support for the appointment of conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform during any HouseSenate conference convened on this or related legislation. 
Finally, I would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the bill report filed by the Committee on the Judiciary, as well as in the Congressional Record during floor consideration, to memorialize our understanding. 
Chairman, Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Washington, DC. 
your letter regarding H.R. 1428, the ‘‘Judicial Redress Act of 2015.’’ As you noted, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform was granted an additional referral on the bill. 
forego formal action on H.R. 1428 so that it may proceed expeditiously to the House floor. I acknowledge that although you waived formal consideration of the bill, the Committee on the Oversight and Government Reform is in no way waiving its jurisdiction over the subject matter contained in those provisions of the bill that fall within your Rule X jurisdiction. I would support your effort to seek appointment of an appropriate number of conferees on any House Senate conference involving this legislation. 
I will include a copy of our letters in the 
Committee’s report on H.R. 1428 and in the Congressional Record during floor consideration of H.R. 1428. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
us today is good for national security, good for privacy, and good for business. It is unquestionably the right thing to do for our Nation’s closest allies. 
citizens are entitled to access and request a correction to personal records 
denies access or fails to make a requested change or otherwise violates their privacy rights, then we may seek redress in Federal court. 
conveyed only to United States citizens and not to the citizens of our closest allies, even though many European countries offer our citizens similar rights overseas, probably somewhat like the Europeans give our folks moneys when they record a song and play it over there, but we don’t. We should have that same reciprocity and fairness. 
will extend these core privacy protections to the citizens of certain foreign countries, those designated by the Attorney General as trusted allies. This small change to our laws will afford immediate benefits both at home and abroad. 
sharing partnerships with law enforcement agencies across the globe. We know from experience that open lines of communication with our allies yield intelligence and save lives. 
European Union to complete an umbrella agreement to govern information sharing across the Atlantic for law enforcement and counterterrorism purposes. This agreement, which would include significant protections for individual privacy, would not go into effect until we have made these changes. 
Earlier this year a coalition of companies, trade associations, and civil rights organizations wrote to the leadership of both parties to outline the economic cost of ‘‘a significant erosion of global public trust in both the U.S. Government and the U.S. technology sector.’’ Their fears appear to have been well founded. 
about insufficient privacy safeguards in the United States, the European Court of Justice effectively suspended the safe harbor agreement that allows companies to move digital information across the Atlantic. 
be done to restore the agreement, I hope that our allies will take this legislation as a sign of good faith and recognize that a basic right to privacy extends beyond our borders and we will work to restore the public trust necessary for the continued success of U.S. industry overseas. 
The Judicial Redress Act is supported by the White House, the Department of Justice, and other Federal law enforcement agencies. It has been endorsed by the Chamber of Commerce, Information Technology Industry Council, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and IBM, among others. 
basic fairness. Our friends abroad should have some course of redress with respect to information that they provided to the U.S. Government in the first place. We all benefit when the information 
we share is accurate. Our partners in trade and security should have the ability to seek recourse when it is not. 
I thank Representative SENSEN BRENNER for his leadership on this 
issue, for his leadership on many issues, including sentencing reform, for his extreme knowledge of the world, and for sharing it with me on occasion. I thank Mr. GOODLATTE for those same 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), the 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations of the Committee on the Judiciary, and the chief sponsor of this legislation. 
Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, strong international relationships abroad are critical to the safety and advancement of the United States. That is why I was pleased to introduce the Judicial Redress Act of 2015 with Ranking Member JOHNCONYERS and to 
and the European Union have worked together to secure data protection for their citizens under agreements known as safe harbor. Earlier this month, however, the European Court of Justice issued a landmark ruling invalidating the agreement because of privacy concerns. 
The European court’s ruling illustrates how fragile trust between nations can be. It is easily lost and hard to rebuild. Moreover, this lack of trust has had huge economic and security consequences for the United States. Our businesses have struggled against public backlash and protectionist policies, and our government has faced increasingly difficult negotiations to share law enforcement and intelligence data. 
central to our efforts to rebuild strained relationships with our allies and to ensure privacy and security for both American and European Union citizens. The sudden termination of the 
safe harbor framework strikes a blow to U.S. businesses by complicating commercial data flows. If we fail to pass the Judicial Redress Act, we risk similar disruption to the sharing of law enforcement information. 
Act is a privacy bill. It is backed and supported by many of our country’s top privacy advocates. But make no mistake. The bill is crucial to U.S. law enforcement. At the heart of the Judicial Redress Act is the pressing need for the continued sharing of law enforcement data across the Atlantic. 
and security are not competing values. They are weaved together inseparably, and today’s policymakers must craft legal frameworks that support both. This bill provides our allies with limited remedies relative to the data they share with the United States, similar to those American citizens enjoy under the Privacy Act. It is a way to support our foreign allies and to ensure the continued sharing of law enforcement data. 
Specifically, the bill will give citizens of covered countries the ability to correct flawed information in their record and access U.S. courts if the U.S. Government unlawfully discloses their personal information. 
enjoy similar protections in Europe. Granting these rights to our closest allies and their citizens will be a positive step forward in restoring our international reputation and rebuilding trust. 
noted that the passage of the Judicial Redress Act is critical to negotiating a new agreement, central to their willingness to continue sharing law enforcement data with the United States and necessary to improving relations between nations. 
If we fail to pass this bill, we will undermine several important international agreements, further harm our businesses operating in Europe, and severely limit sharing of law enforcement information. 
enjoys broad support and has been endorsed by the Department of Justice as well as the Chamber of Commerce and numerous U.S. businesses. 
FORBES , and G LENN THOMPSON , for cosponsoring this legislation, as well as Senators ORRIN HATCH and C HRISTOPHER MURPHY for their work on companion legislation in the Senate. 
a small courtesy that will pay huge diplomatic and economic dividends. I urge my colleagues to pass this important bill and my colleagues in the Senate to take it up without delay. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I will perfunctorily reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ), a member of the 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it is important, I think, to come over here and discuss H.R. 1428, the Judicial Redress Act. Echoing a lot that has been said already, this is a great starting point for, really, a broader conversation about privacy rights and a conversation that is sorely needed. 
the Committee on the Judiciary unanimously, and I am proud to support it today. The bill extends the same rights afforded to Americans under the 1974 Privacy Act to citizens of certain allied nations. Importantly, only citizens 
to Americans for redress for privacy violations are eligible. 
As everyone here is aware, revelations about U.S. surveillance operations created serious trust issues, and both the government and tech sectors experienced a decline in that global trust. Advances in technology and innovation have made it possible and necessary for law enforcement to exchange information, but it should not be done at the expense of privacy rights. 
ensure continued competitiveness for our thriving tech industry, we must work to restore consumers’ faith that their data is secure in U.S. tech companies and their privacy rights are protected. 
The United States tech industry employed an estimated 6.5 million people in 2014 and made up a large 7.1 percent of the U.S. GDP, which is going to do nothing but grow. 
critical for the continued success of this industry that contributes in such a major way to our economy. We have to show our allies that they can be confident sharing data across the oceans and the various barriers. 
The Judicial Redress Act is a step toward regaining trust and rebuilding cooperation with our allies, ensuring that U.S. businesses can continue to grow and thrive internationally. H.R. 1428 is particularly important because the U.S. and the EU have negotiated the Data Protection and Privacy Agreement for the last 2 years. 
agreement, the EU Parliament and EU Commission made clear that the Safe Harbor Agreement would not be finalized absent U.S. enactment of a law to 
enable EU citizens to sue the U.S. Government for major privacy violations. With the European Court of Justice Ruling on the Safe Harbor Agreement, it is more important than ever that we create solutions that work for today’s everchanging tech industry, from the small companies to the household names. It is also critical that we work with our allies to create a clear standard for governing the privacy of personal information to ensure strong and cooperative exchanges between law enforcement. 
many of today’s innovations even existed are due for an update, and this bill is an important first step that I am proud to support. I am thankful that the chairman has brought it forward for this body to put its stamp on and send to the Senate so that it will be taken up and then sent to the President so that we will continue to move forward in the protection of privacy rights for all Americans and our companies. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate being part of this bill, and thank you for your efforts. I yield back the balance of my time. 
again reiterate, this bill is a good bill. It is a very important bill that will help promote law enforcement cooperation around the globe and will help U.S. companies that do business overseas to be able to better obtain the respect and trust of foreign governments and foreign citizens, so I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3493) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Securing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in highrisk urban areas, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Securing the 
wide operating capability to detect and report on nuclear and other radioactive materials out of operational control; 
No funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section. This section shall be carried out using amounts otherwise appropriated or made available for such purpose.’’. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Director for Domestic Nuclear Detection of the Department of Homeland Security shall report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate on the feasibility of the Director developing model exercises to test the preparedness of jurisdictions participating in the Securing the Cities program under section 1908 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 2 of this Act) in meeting the challenges that may be posed by a range of nuclear and radiological threats. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
‘‘The single biggest threat to U.S. security, both shortterm, midterm and longterm, would be the possibility of a terrorist organization obtaining a nuclear weapon.’’ 
cities from nuclear terrorism has not abated. The rise of ISIS and the resurgence of al Qaeda have only increased the likelihood that radiological material will fall into the hands of those who wish to harm America. 
reported that the FBI foiled an attempt by smugglers in Eastern Europe to sell nuclear material to Middle Eastern extremist groups. That report stated that, in the past 5 years, the FBI has disrupted four other attempts by smugglers from the former Soviet Union to sell nuclear materials to criminal organizations. 
These events only reinforce the testimony delivered before the House Committee on Homeland Security last month by Commissioner William Bratton of the New York City Police Department. In that testimony, the commissioner described the current terrorist threat to Manhattan as the highest it has ever been, and he specifically referenced the danger of illicit nuclear material entering the city. 
Thankfully, since the attacks of September 11, 2001, this Congress, successive administrations, and local law enforcement have partnered to build the capability to guard against this risk. 
Homeland Security initiated the Securing the Cities program within the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. The Securing the Cities program provided training, equipment, and other resources to State and local law enforcement in highrisk urban areas to prevent a terrorist group from carrying out an attack using a radiological or nuclear device. 
began in 2006 as a pilot program in the New York City region, which included Jersey City and Newark. Since 2007, the New York City region has purchased nearly 14,000 radiation detectors and has trained nearly 20,000 personnel. 
The pilot program has been so successful, it was expanded to the Los AngelesLong Beach region in fiscal year 2012, the national capital region in fiscal year 2014, and just last week the cities of Houston and Chicago were announced as the fiscal year 2015 and 2016 recipients. 
H.R. 3493 would authorize the Securing the Cities program, which has proven its utility as a pilot program. With continued authorization, we can assure that the extraordinary capability built by local law enforcement in conjunction with DHS does not become a hollow capability, unable to be effectively used at the critical moment. 
who have helped bring this authorization to the floor, especially Chairman 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and rise in support of H.R. 3493, Securing the Cities Act of 2015. 
program is a grant and technical assistance program administered by the Department of Homeland Security’s Domestic Nuclear Detection Office. Since its inception nearly a decade ago, the Securing the Cities program has provided thousands of first responders with the tools they need to detect radiological and nuclear threats. 
the New York City, Newark, and New Jersey metropolitan areas, the program has grown to include Los Angeles and Long Beach in 2012, and the Washington, D.C., Federal district in 2014. This year, the program has identified Houston and Chicago as highpriority areas for expanding the program. 
award is generally used for planning and analysis at a regional level, with subsequent grants going towards equipment, training, and exercises. Importantly, through the Securing the Cities program, the Domestic Nuclear Detection Office is able to channel subject matter expertise, training coordination, and technical support to all the identified highrisk metropolitan areas. 
that will be next to be considered, is targeted at bolstering the security of our communities from the threat of a nuclear attack. As such, Mr. Speaker, I urge support of H.R. 3493. 
take action to bolster our defense against rogue actors and terrorists who would seek to detonate a nuclear device on U.S. soil. The disclosure in recent weeks of a thwarted plot by Moldovan operatives to provide smuggled nuclear materials to terrorist organizations with ambition to attack the United States has crystallized the need for action. Today, we can take such action. By approving H.R. 3493 and authorizing the Securing the Cities program, we will be enhancing the Nation’s ability to detect and prevent a radiological and nuclear attack in cities facing the highest risk. 
colleagues to support H.R. 3493, the Securing the Cities Act of 2015. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3493, as 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3350) to require a terrorism threat assessment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Know the 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis, shall conduct a terrorism threat assessment of the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of H.R. 3350, the Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act, introduced by the gentleman from New York (Mr. HIGGINS ). 
Homeland Security, through the Office of Intelligence and Analysis, to conduct a terrorism threat assessment of the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials across our land borders and within the United States. 
As a fellow New Yorker, I share Congressman HIGGINS ’ security concerns 
related to the transportation of spent nuclear fuel across the CanadianNew York border. It is an appropriate response to have the Department of Homeland Security conduct a risk assessment related to this initiative. 
DHS is responsible for assessing potential terror threats against the homeland. Threats related to CBRN materials are one of the most serious. 
Terrorist groups have long had an interest in using CBRN materials. In addition to concerns that terror groups may try to create or purchase CBRN materials, there are concerns that terrorists could exploit such materials with legitimate commercial uses, including when such materials are transported from one location to another. It is this concern that the bill seeks to address. 
of the assessment be shared with relevant Federal, State, and local agencies, including the Department of Energy and the National Network of Fusion Centers. Coordination and informationsharing within the Department, as well as between the Department and other agencies, is critical for securing the homeland efficiently. 
This is a commonsense bill, and I encourage my colleagues to support this bill. 
York; Chairman M CCAUL; and my ranking member, Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, for their support of my bill. 
H.R. 3350, the Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act, would direct the Department of Homeland Security’s Office of Intelligence and Analysis to conduct a terrorism threat assessment of the risks associated with transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials. 
expressed an interest in using weapons of mass destruction, especially those 
utilizing chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear, known as CBRN, agents or materials. 
In fact, according to a recent Associated Press investigation, the FBI uncovered a plot by rogue Moldavian operatives to sell nuclear material to foreign terrorist organizations that have an interest in targeting the United States. 
plans to allow the transporting by truck of highly enriched uranium from Canada to South Carolina. As a cost saving measure, the planned shipment would be in liquid form. 
the United States via the Peace Bridge in Buffalo, New York. An attack or an accident involving one of these trucks crossing the Peace Bridge could have devastating consequences. 
The Peace Bridge is the busiest passenger crossing on the northern border and the second busiest cargo port of entry. Closing the bridge for an extended period of time would cause great economic harm to the region and national economies. Further, an attack could contaminate the Great Lakes, which contain 84 percent of North America’s surface freshwater, with highly radioactive material. 
of Energy approved this route, relying on an analysis of this route that is 20 years old, and did not anticipate carrying such highlevel waste. In other words, the Federal Government is about to begin importing highly radioactive material, which has never been shipped in this manner, using outdated, pre9/11 information that does not reflect the threats we face today. 
agencies, including the Department of Energy, have the information they need to make decisions and develop policies that are informed by the terrorism threat picture, my bill would direct the Department of Homeland Security to share its assessment with Federal partners. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support H.R. 3350, a measure that will not only help ensure the Department of Energy has the information it needs with respect to transporting dangerous material through highrisk areas throughout the United States, but that other Federal agencies who are faced with similar questions are able to make better informed decisions. 
transport of CBRN materials were approved nearly 20 years ago and, as 
such, reflect a pre9/11 mindset with respect to the threat and consequences of terrorism. 
My bill will ensure that the Department of Homeland Security assesses and shares threat information with the Department of Energy and other Federal agencies to ensure that they have the information needed to reach complicated decisions about transporting dangerous nuclear material throughout our communities. Enactment of my legislation will 
send a message to citizens at risk in Buffalo and beyond that we care about keeping them secure and ensuring that Federal policy is informed by the best information we have on terrorism threats. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
require DHS to conduct terrorism threat assessments for the legitimate storage, sale, or transportation of CBRN materials. 
House just considered, H.R. 3493, the Securing the Cities Act of 2015. We need to take all appropriate measures to safeguard our citizens from nuclear weapons and weapons of mass destruction. 
The Securing the Cities program creates a warning and detection system around New York City and other high risk locations. H.R. 3350 supplements this concept by requiring a proactive approach in reviewing security concerns related to the transportation of CBRN materials. 
In closing, I wanted to express appreciation to Congressman HIGGINS , the 
ranking member of the Counterterrorism and Intelligence Subcommittee, and to the subcommittee chairman, PETER KING, for moving H.R. 3350. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 3350, the Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act. The Department of Homeland Security and the Under Secretary of Intelligence and Analysis play a critical role in the safety of American families. Their work assessing the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological (CBRN) materials is essential for maintaining a high level of security for the country. This is why the Know the CBRN Terrorism Threats to Transportation Act must be passed. 
international border gives me insight and understanding of the issues that border communities face. Extremist groups have an array of potential agents and delivery methods to choose from for chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear attacks. Castor beans, cyanide, sarin and other chemical agents are examples of the spectrum of terrorist CBRN threats. These materials need to be assessed in order to ensure the safety of not only our border communities, but our nation. 
Transportation Act requires a three step process for improving the safety of our borders. First, to prepare for the execution of a terrorism threat assessment regarding CBNR materials, the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis will consult with the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration and the heads of other federal departments and agencies. This is critical in ensuring that the assessment is conducted with the highest level of expertise. Next, the terrorism threat 
materials can be conducted. Finally, the assessment must be distributed to federal, state, and local partners so that everyone protecting our borders is informed and updated. At a time when this information should be readily available, we are still waiting to find the best process to address this critical issue. 
I would like to close by saying that I am 
proud of our chamber for taking this important step to ensure that the data on the transportation of hazardous materials is readily available and accessible. I also want to thank my colleagues for understanding the importance of information regarding CBRN threats and the role of this information in strengthening our security. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3572) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Department’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and performance, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015’’. 
review of Board and of requirements to reduce duplication in acquisition programs. 
appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. This Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purposes. 
and consolidated functions for information technology, financial management, acquisition management, and human capital management; and 
by striking ‘‘through the Office of State and Local Coordination (established under section 801)’’ and inserting ‘‘through the Office of Partnership and Engagement’’; 
components of the Department comply with Headquarters policies and fully implement the Secretary’s strategies and initiatives and require the head of each component of the Department and component chief officers to comply with such policies and implement such strategies and initiatives; 
investments, and workforce of Department agencies align with Department objectives; 
Officer of the Department,’’ after ‘‘in the Department,’’; and 
of the Department in developing privacy policies and practices; 
components are in compliance with Federal, regulatory, statutory, and the Department’s privacy requirements, mandates, directives, and policy; 
the Department to ensure that information sharing activities incorporate privacy protections; 
to be followed when making requests for information under section 552 of title 5, United States Code; 
as the Secretary determines are appropriate, consistent with this section.’’; and 
Secretary may reassign the functions related to managing and processing requests for information under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, to another officer within the Department, consistent with requirements of that section.’’. 
Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101 et seq.) is amended by— 
890B, and transferring that section to appear immediately after section 890A; and 
shall be in the Department an Office of Policy. The Office of Policy shall be headed by an Under Secretary for Policy, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
Policy is to lead, conduct, and coordinate Departmentwide policy, strategic planning, and relationships with organizations or persons that are not part of the Department. 
for Management and the General Counsel of the Department to ensure that development of the Department’s budget is compatible with the priorities, strategic plans, and policies established by the Secretary, including those priorities identified through the Quadrennial Homeland Security Review required under section 707; 
and oversee and coordinate relationships with, organizations and other persons that are not part of the Department to ensure effective communication of outside stakeholders’ perspectives to components of the Department; 
and development of partnerships with nonprofit organizations and academic institutions; 
as the Secretary determines are appropriate, consistent with this section. 
with the Secretary’s policy priorities, the head of each component of the Department shall coordinate with the Office of Policy, as appropriate, in establishing new policies or strategic planning guidance. 
Department shall notify the Under Secretary for Policy of the international travel of senior officers of the Department. 
Homeland Security a position, to be called the Deputy Under Secretary for Policy, to support the Under Secretary for Policy in carrying out the Under Secretary’s responsibilities; and 
employee (as that term is defined in section 2105 of title 5, United States Code), but does not include a political appointee; and 
any employee who occupies a position which has been excepted from the competitive service by reason of its confidential, policydetermining, policymaking, or policyadvocating character. 
appoint an Assistant Secretary for Partnership and Engagement to serve as the head of the Office. 
wide policies relating to the role of State and local law enforcement in preventing, preparing for, protecting against, and responding to natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and other manmade disasters within the United States; 
and tribal law enforcement agencies and the Department, including through consultation 
that law enforcement and terrorismfocused grants to State, local, and tribal government agencies, including grants under sections 2003 and 2004, the Commercial Equipment Direct Assistance Program, and other grants administered by the Department to support fusion centers and law enforcementoriented programs, are appropriately focused on terrorism prevention activities; 
the Department’s policies, regulations, processes, and actions on the private sector; 
agencies with homeland security missions to assess the impact of these agencies’ actions on the private sector; 
products, applications, and solutions as they relate to homeland security challenges; 
‘‘(ii) assisting the private sector in adopting voluntary preparedness standards; 
sector regarding voluntary preparedness standards and the business justification for preparedness and promoting to the private sector the adoption of voluntary preparedness standards; 
Customs and Border Protection and the appropriate senior official of the Department of Commerce on issues related to the travel and tourism industries; 
with regular information, research, and technical support to assist local efforts at securing the homeland; 
established by law or delegated to such Assistant Secretary by the Under Secretary for Policy. 
appoint an Assistant Secretary for International Affairs to serve as the head of the Office and as the chief diplomatic officer of the Department. 
within the Department, including activities carried out by the components of the Department, in consultation with other Federal officials with responsibility for counterterrorism and homeland security matters; 
Under Secretary for Management, guidance for selecting, assigning, training, and monitoring overseas deployments of Department personnel, including minimum standards for predeployment training; 
with all components of the Department engaged in international activities, a strategic plan for the international activities of the Department, establish a process for managing its implementation, and establish mechanisms to monitor the alignment between assets, including personnel, deployed by the Department outside the United States and the plan required by this subparagraph; 
Department policy priorities for overseas activities to personnel deployed overseas, that, at a minimum, sets forth the regional and national priorities being advanced by their deployment, and establish mechanisms to foster better coordination of Department personnel, programs, and activities deployed outside the United States; 
international travel of senior officers of the Department and their intent to pursue negotiations with foreign government officials, and review resulting draft agreements; 
components of the Department, including, as appropriate, with the Under Secretary for the Science and Technology Directorate, programs to support the overseas programs conducted by the Department, including training, technical assistance, and equipment to ensure that Department personnel deployed abroad have proper resources and receive adequate and timely support; 
established by law or delegated by the Under Secretary for Policy. 
Secretary for International Affairs, in coordination with the Under Secretary for Management, shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate with the annual budget request for the Department, an annual accounting of all assets of the Department, including personnel, deployed outside the United States on behalf of the Department. 
apply to international activities related to the protective mission of the United States Secret Service, or to the Coast Guard when operating under the direct authority of the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of the Navy. 
appoint a Director of the Office of Policy Implementation to serve as the head of the Office. 
Office of Policy Implementation shall lead, conduct, coordinate, and provide overall direction and supervision of Departmentwide policy development for the programs, offices, and activities of the Department, in consultation with relevant officials of the Department, to ensure quality, consistency, and integration across the Department, as appropriate. 
appoint a Director of the Office of Strategy and Planning who shall serve as the head of the Office. 
for members of the Armed Forces of the United States and other governmental organizations.’’. 
POLICY ; CONTINUATION OF SERVICE OF ASSIST ANTSECRETARY .— 
may appoint an Under Secretary for Policy under section 601 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, only on or after January 20, 2017. 
of Homeland Security may appoint an Assistant Secretary for International Affairs under section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, only on or after January 20, 2017. 
The assets and personnel associated with such Office are transferred to the head of the Office of International Affairs provided for by section 603 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
Local Law Enforcement of the Department of Homeland Security is abolished. 
performed by such office immediately before the enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the head of the Office of Partnership and Engagement provided for by section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
Local Government Coordination of the Department of Homeland Security is abolished. 
The functions authorized to be performed by such office immediately before the enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the head of Office of Partnership and Engagement provided for by section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
The functions authorized to be performed by such Special Assistant to the Secretary immediately before the enactment of this Act, and the assets and personnel associated with such functions, are transferred to the head of the Office of Partnership and Engagement provided for by section 602 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act. 
The Department shall have the following Assistant Secretaries appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate: 
The Department shall have the following Assistant Secretaries appointed by the President: 
‘‘(ii) The Assistant Secretary for International Affairs under section 602. 
‘‘(iii) The Assistant Secretary for Partnership and Engagement under section 603. 
be created in addition to the positions provided for by this section unless such position is authorized by a statute enacted after the date of the enactment of the DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015.’’. 
Advisory Council to provide advice and recommendations on homelandsecurityrelated matters.’’. 
office may be created to perform functions transferred by this section, other than as provided in section 601 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this Act, unless the Secretary of Homeland Security 
the terms ‘‘functions’’, ‘‘assets’’, and ‘‘personnel’’ has the meaning that term has under section 2 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101). 
such review, provide the results of the review to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. 
developed as part of the quadrennial homeland security review to support the Department’s ongoing programs and missions.’’; 
under the quadrennial homeland security review will inform efforts to develop capabilities and build capacity of States, local governments, Indian tribes, and private entities, and of individuals, families, and communities; 
the authorities, organization, governance structure, or business processes (including acquisition processes) of the Department in order to better fulfill responsibilities of the Department; 
including materials prepared pursuant to section 306 of title 5, United States Code, relating to the preparation of an agency strategic plan, to satisfy, in whole or in part, the reporting requirements of this paragraph; and’’. 
shall cover the fiscal year for which the budget is submitted and the 4 succeeding fiscal years.’’; and 
detailed estimates of the projected expenditures and corresponding requests for appropriations submitted for the Future Years Homeland Security Program, the Secretary shall provide an explanation of how those estimates and requests align with the homeland security strategies and plans developed and updated as appropriate by the Secretary. Such explanation shall include an evaluation of the organization, organizational structure, governance structure, and business processes (including acquisition processes) of the Department, to ensure that the Department is able to meet its responsibilities. 
fiscal years, with specified estimates for each fiscal year, for major acquisition programs by the Department and each component therein, including modernization and sustainment expenses; and 
Secretary may include with each submission under this section a classified or sensitive 
annex containing any information required to be submitted under this section that is restricted from public disclosure in accordance with Federal law, including information that is determined to be Sensitive Security Information under section 537 of the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2006 (6 U.S.C. 114) to Congress in a classified or sensitive annex. 
and control of the Secretary, the Under Secretary for Management shall serve as the following: 
matters related to the management and administration of the Department in support of homeland security operations and programs. With regard to the management functions for which the Under Secretary has responsibility by law or by direction of the Secretary, the Under Secretary for Management takes precedence in the Department after the Secretary and the Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. 
to administer, implement, and direct management integration and transformation across functional disciplines of the Department, including— 
management, acquisition management, and human capital management of the Department to improve program efficiency and effectiveness; 
technology and communications systems, facilities, property, equipment, and other material resources. 
sources and connectivity of information systems to the greatest extent practical to enhance program visibility and transparency; 
management and regular oversight mechanisms, including clear roles and processes for program governance, sharing of best practices, and access to timely, reliable, and analyzed data on all acquisitions and investments; 
promote accountability for management integration among Department and component chief officers; 
systems within and across the Department to ensure financial transparency, support daily operational and financial decisionmaking, and maintain consecutive unqualified opinions for all financial statements, including the responsibility to review, approve, and oversee the planning, design, acquisition, deployment, operation, maintenance, and modernization of business systems; 
with dates, specific actions, and costs for implementing management integration and transformation of common functional disciplines across the Department and its components; 
goals, activities, and timelines needed to accomplish the integration effort; 
‘‘(vii) reporting to the Government Accountability Office twice annually to demonstrate measurable, sustainable progress made in implementing the Department’s corrective action plans and achieving key outcomes, including regarding— 
Government Accountability Office designations of programs at high risk for waste, fraud, and abuse, including with respect to strengthening management functions; 
‘‘(viii) review and approve any major update to the Department’s strategy related to management integration and transformation across functional disciplines and lines of business, including any business systems modernization plans to maximize benefits and minimize costs for the Department; and 
which a Presidential election is held, the development of a transition and succession plan to guide the transition of Department functions to a new Presidential administration, and making such plan available to the next Secretary and Under Secretary for Management and to the homeland security congressional committees. 
internal audits and management analyses, of the programs and activities of the Department. Such supervision includes establishing oversight procedures to ensure a full and effective review of the efforts by Department components to implement policies and procedures of the Department for management integration and transformation. 
sections 901 and 1122 of title 31, United States Code, the Chief Financial Officer, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management and the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis, as appropriate, shall— 
Department, including the development of the Department’s policy on cost estimating and approval of life cycle cost estimates; 
Policy on the Department’s longterm strategic planning to ensure that the development of the Department’s budget is compatible with the priorities, strategic plans, and policies established by the Secretary; 
over financial reporting systems and processes throughout the Department; 
related to the Department’s financial management systems and review financial processes to ensure that internal controls are designed properly and operate effectively; 
to financial oversight, including identifying ways to streamline and standardize business processes; 
senior financial officers certify that their major acquisition programs have adequate resources to execute their programs through the 5year future years homeland security program period, so that the Department’s funding requirements for major acquisition programs match expected resources; 
public information on expenditures by components of the Department for conferences, as appropriate, including by requiring each component of the Department to— 
Department the expenditures by the component for each conference hosted or attended by Department employees for which the total expenditures of the Department exceed $20,000, within 15 days after the date of the conference; and 
Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
the extent delegated by the Under Secretary for Management over the Department’s procurement function; 
serve as a senior business advisor to agency officials on acquisitionrelated matters, including policy and workforce matters, as determined by the Under Secretary for Management; 
training program, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, for the entire Department acquisition workforce while using, to the greatest extent practicable, best practices and acquisition training opportunities already in existence within the Federal Government, the private sector, or universities and colleges, as appropriate, and including training on how best to identify actions that warrant referrals for suspension or debarment; 
to establish performance measures on the impact of strategic sourcing initiatives on the private sector, including, in particular, small businesses; 
subcontract dollars are awarded to small businesses, maximize opportunities for small business participation, and ensure, to the extent practicable, small businesses that achieve qualified vendor status for security related technologies are provided an opportunity to compete for contracts for such technology; and 
of administrative agreements to resolve suspension or debarment proceedings and, upon request, provide information to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate about the effectiveness of such agreements at improving contractor responsibility. 
functions under section 3506 of title 44, United States Code, the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, shall— 
of the components of the Department, and other senior officers in carrying out the responsibilities of the Department for all activities relating to the budgets, programs, and operations of the information technology functions of the Department; 
priorities, policies, processes, standards, guidelines, and procedures of the Department to ensure interoperability and standardization of information technology; 
the Department’s mission critical and mission essential information systems, and develop and maintain contingency plans for responding to a disruption in the operation of any of those information systems; 
of the Department, ensure that the Department is in compliance with subchapter II of chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code; 
of the Department, ensure Department compliance with Homeland Security Presidential Directive 12; 
of the Department, ensure that information technology systems of the Department meet the standards established under the information sharing environment, as defined in section 1016 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (6 U.S.C. 485); 
Department a complete inventory of information systems and fully adhere to Department guidance related to information technology; 
delegated by the Secretary consistent with an effective information system management function; and 
with the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Information Officer shall develop an information technology strategic plan every 5 years and report to the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate on— 
with priorities specified in the information technology strategic plans; 
fund all information technology strategic plan activities for a given fiscal year, the rationale as to why certain activities are not being funded in lieu of higher priorities; 
to arrive at these priorities and the role of Department components in that process; and 
after the date of the enactment of the DHS Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, and every 2 years thereafter until 2020, the Chief Information Officer, in consultation with Department component chief information officers, shall— 
of all existing software licenses held by the Department, including utilized and unutilized licenses; 
and the components of the Department for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; 
cloudcomputing services will impact the needs for software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years; and 
for eliminating unutilized software licenses for the subsequent 2 fiscal years. 
Officer may authorize the purchase of additional licenses and amend the number of needed licenses as necessary. 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 343) is amended to read as follows: 
Capital Officer of the Department who shall report directly to the Under Secretary of Management. 
workforce planning efforts that are consistent with Governmentwide leading principles, and that are in line with Department strategic human capital goals and priorities; 
identify methods for managing and overseeing human capital programs and initiatives; 
Department shall coordinate with the Chief Human Capital Officer of the Department to develop or maintain its own 5year workforce strategy that will support the Department’s goals, objectives, performance measures, and determination of the proper balance of Federal employees and private labor resources. 
mission performance associated with replacing Federal personnel due to their retirement or other attrition; and 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security, shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security 
Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a report that— 
management and administrative expenditures and activities of the components of the Department and identifies potential cost savings and efficiencies for those expenditures and activities of each such component; 
geographic distribution of the operational personnel of the Department, including Customs and Border Protection officers, Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protection Air and Marine agents, Customs and Border Protection agriculture specialists, Federal Protective Service law enforcement security officers, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents, Transportation Security Administration officers, Federal air marshals, and members of the Coast Guard; and 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall submit to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate a field efficiencies plan that— 
an associated costbenefit analysis for the consolidation of the facilities and administrative and logistics functions of components of the Department within each designated geographic area. 
geographic area of specific facilities at which components, or operational entities of components, of the Department may be closed or consolidated, including consideration of when leases expire or facilities owned by the Government become available. 
(ii) The evaluation shall include consideration of potential consolidation with facilities of other Federal, State, or local entities, including— 
(iii) The evaluation shall include the potential for the consolidation of administrative and logistics functions, including— 
effort and cost savings for field operations and related support activities as determined by the Secretary. 
(ii) identifying longterm occupancy agreements or leases that cannot be changed without a significant cost to the Government; and 
the capacity, in both personnel and funds, needed to cover upfront costs to achieve consolidation and efficiencies. 
the Department or its component’s real estate footprint, including the colocation of personnel from different components, offices, and agencies within the Department. 
On an annual basis, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate information on the circumstances in which the Secretary exercised the authority during the preceding year to reprogram or transfer funds to address unforeseen costs, including the costs associated with operational surges, and information on any circumstances in which limitations on the transfer or reprogramming of funds impacted the Secretary’s ability to address such unforeseen costs. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’; and 
skills, and abilities of participating personnel with respect to the Department’s programs, policies, and activities;’’; 
by inserting before ‘‘invigorate’’ the following: ‘‘seek to improve morale and retention throughout the Department and’’. 
(iii) and redesignating clauses (iv) through (viii) as clauses (iii) through (vii). 
available to the employee if the employee were detailed from the employing component or office to another Federal agency or office remain available to the employee during the employee participation in the program; and 
employee’s office or component with input from the supervisors of the employee at the component or office in which the employee is placed during that period; and 
with respect to promotions and other rewards as performance evaluations for service in the employee’s office or component.’’. 
of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall provide information to the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate about the status of the homeland security rotation program authorized by section 844 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as amended by this section. 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
has the meaning provided in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. 
success across programs; establishing an adequate workforce that is qualified and sufficient to perform necessary functions; and integrating these capabilities into the Department’s mission and business operations. 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and 
the House of Representatives and of the Senate, where appropriate.’’; and 
has the meaning provided in section 131 of title 41, United States Code. 
term ‘acquisition decision authority’ means the authority, held by the Secretary acting through the Deputy Secretary or Under Secretary for Management— 
law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department acquisition management directives; 
have the resources necessary to successfully execute an approved acquisition program; 
of cost, schedule, risk, and system performance of the acquisition, including assessing acquisition program baseline breaches and directing any corrective action for such breaches; and 
an ongoing basis, monitor cost, schedule, and performance against established baselines and use tools to assess risks to a program at all phases of the life cycle of the program to avoid and mitigate acquisition program baseline breaches. 
term ‘acquisition decision event’, with respect to an investment or acquisition program, means a predetermined point within the acquisition phases of the investment or acquisition program at which the investment or acquisition program will undergo a review prior to commencement of the next phase. 
The term ‘acquisition decision memorandum’, with respect to an acquisition, means the official acquisition decision event record that includes a documented record of decisions, exit criteria, and assigned actions for the acquisition as determined by the person exercising acquisition decision authority for the acquisition. 
term ‘acquisition program baseline’, with respect to an acquisition program, means a summary of the cost, schedule, and performance parameters, expressed in standard, measurable, quantitative terms, which must be met in order to accomplish the goals of the program. 
term ‘capability development plan’, with respect to a proposed acquisition, means the document that the Acquisition Review Board approves for the first acquisition decision 
event related to validating the need of a proposed acquisition. 
The term ‘Component Acquisition Executive’ means the senior acquisition official within a component who is designated in writing by the Under Secretary for Management, in consultation with the component head, with authority and responsibility for leading a process and staff to provide acquisition and program management oversight, policy, and guidance to ensure that statutory, regulatory, and higher level policy requirements are fulfilled, including compliance with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department acquisition management directives established by the Under Secretary for Management. 
cost’, with respect to an acquisition program, means all costs associated with research, development, procurement, operation, integrated logistics support, and disposal under the program, including supporting infrastructure that plans, manages, and executes the program over its full life, and costs of common support items incurred as a result of the program. 
term ‘major acquisition program’ means a Department acquisition program that is estimated by the Secretary to require an eventual total expenditure of at least $300,000,000 (based on fiscal year 2015 constant dollars) over its life cycle cost.’’. 
of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 341), as amended by section 107 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
that implement an approach that takes into account risks of failure to achieve cost, schedule, or performance parameters that all components of the Department shall comply with, including outlining relevant authorities for program managers to effectively manage acquisition programs. 
program has a Departmentapproved acquisition program baseline, pursuant to the Department’s acquisition management policy. 
Department to ensure that contractors involved in acquisitions, particularly companies that access the Department’s information systems and technologies, adhere to internal cybersecurity policies established by the Department of Homeland Security. 
Secretary for Management may delegate acquisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for an acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of less than $300,000,000. 
Secretary for Management may delegate acquisition decision authority in writing to the relevant Component Acquisition Executive for a major acquisition program that has a life cycle cost estimate of at least $300,000,000 but not more than $1,000,000,000 if all of the following requirements are met: 
working policies, processes, and procedures that are consistent with Departmentlevel acquisition policy. 
has adequate, experienced, dedicated program management professional staff commensurate with the size of the delegated portfolio. 
‘‘(iii) Each major acquisition program concerned has written documentation showing that it has a Departmentapproved acquisition program baseline and it is meeting agreedupon cost, schedule, and performance thresholds. 
‘‘(II) use independent verification and validation of operational test and evaluation implementation and results; and 
meet all performance requirements included in their acquisition program baselines; 
and evaluation includes all system components and incorporates operators into the testing to ensure that systems perform as intended in the appropriate operational setting; and 
other Federal agencies and private entities is relevant and sufficient in determining whether systems perform as intended in the operational setting.’’. 
31, United States Code, provide leadership over financial management policy and programs for the Department as they relate to the Department’s acquisitions programs, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management.’’. 
the Under Secretary for Management shall establish a mechanism to prioritize improving the accountability, standardization, and transparency of major acquisition programs of the Department in order to increase opportunities for effectiveness and efficiencies and to serve as the central oversight function of all Department acquisition programs. 
guidance with a priority on ensuring the data it collects and maintains from its components is accurate and reliable. 
decision authority in making acquisition decisions consistent with all applicable laws and in establishing clear lines of authority, accountability, and responsibility for acquisition decisionmaking within the Department. 
Executive structure to ensure it has sufficient capabilities and complies with Department policies. 
standards in consultation with the Component Acquisition Executives for all acquisition program managers. 
certification or actions need review for purposes of promotion or removal, provide input, in consultation with the relevant Component Acquisition Executive, into the relevant program manager’s performance evaluation, and report positive or negative experiences to the relevant certifying authority. 
Program Accountability Report as required by section 840 of this Act, and make such report available to the congressional homeland security committees. 
Each head of a component shall comply with Federal law, the Federal Acquisition Regulation, and Department acquisition management directives established by the Under Secretary for Management. For each major acquisition program, each head of a component shall— 
is consistent with scheduling best practices as identified by the Comptroller General of the United States, including, in appropriate cases, an integrated master schedule; and 
program with respect to the component’s operations and execution of its mission.’’. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
or Under Secretary for Management shall serve as chair of the Board. The Secretary 
shall also ensure participation by other relevant Department officials, including at least 2 component heads or their designees, as permanent members of the Board. 
decision authority for an acquisition in determining the appropriate direction for the acquisition at key acquisition decision events. 
each major acquisition program, including the acquisition program baseline and documentation reflecting consideration of tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and performance objectives, to ensure the reliability of underlying data. 
implemented to require consideration of tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and performance objectives as part of the process for developing requirements for major acquisition programs prior to the initiation of the second acquisition decision event, including, at a minimum, the following practices: 
acquisition, budget, and cost estimating functions are provided with the appropriate opportunity to develop estimates and raise cost and schedule matters before performance objectives are established for capabilities when feasible. 
offs among cost, schedule, and performance objectives for each alternative is considered. 
acquisition decision authority over a major acquisition program approves the program to proceed into the planning phase before it has 
a Departmentapproved acquisition program baseline, then the Under Secretary for Management shall create and approve an acquisition program baseline report on the decision, and the Secretary shall— 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, shall seek and consider input within legal and ethical boundaries from members of Federal, State, local, and tribal governments, nonprofit organizations, and the private sector, as appropriate, on matters within their authority and expertise in carrying out the Department’s mission. 
consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, shall meet at least quarterly and communicate with components often to ensure that components do not overlap or duplicate spending or activities on major investments and acquisition programs within their areas of responsibility. 
this section, the responsibilities of the Deputy Secretary, in consultation with the Under Secretary for Management, are as follows: 
issues a solicitation for a new contract, coordinate with other Department entities as appropriate to prevent unnecessary duplication and inefficiency and— 
identify common mission requirements and crosscutting opportunities among components to harmonize investments and requirements and prevent unnecessary overlap and duplication among components; and 
investments and acquisition programs conduct analyses, giving particular attention to factors such as cost, schedule, risk, performance, and operational efficiency in order to determine that programs work as intended within cost and budget expectations. 
the operational capability needed to meet each Department investment and major acquisition program. 
General of the United States shall conduct a review of the effectiveness of the Acquisition Review Board established under section 836 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (as added by section 221) and the requirements to reduce unnecessary duplication in acquisition programs established under section 837 of such Act (as added by section 222) in improving the Department’s acquisition management process. 
the Board in increasing program management oversight, best practices and standards, and discipline among the components of the Department, including in working together and in preventing overlap and unnecessary duplication. 
major acquisition program is reviewed by the Board, how often the Board stops major acquisition programs from moving forward 
in the phases of the acquisition life cycle process, and the number of major acquisition programs that have been halted because of problems with operational effectiveness, schedule delays, or cost overruns. 
the Board in impacting acquisition decisionmaking within the Department, including the degree to which the Board impacts decisionmaking within other headquarters mechanisms and bodies involved in the administration of acquisition activities. 
General shall submit to the congressional homeland security committees a report on the review required by this section not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. 
provide notification to the congressional homeland security committees within 5 days after the issuance of a waiver by the Secretary of Federal requirements that an agency not engage in business with a contractor in the Excluded Party List System (or successor system) as maintained by the General Services Administration and an explanation for a finding by the Secretary that a compelling reason exists for this action. 
procurement awards to identify instances where a contract or grant was improperly awarded to a suspended or debarred entity and whether corrective actions were taken to prevent recurrence; and 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
with respect to a major acquisition program, means a failure to meet any cost, schedule, or performance parameter specified in the acquisition program baseline. 
major acquisition program has a breach with a cost overrun greater than 15 percent or a schedule delay greater than 180 days from the costs or schedule set forth in the acquisition program baseline for the program, the Secretary and the Inspector General of the Department shall be notified not later than 5 business days after the breach is identified. 
with a cost overrun greater than 15 percent or a schedule delay greater than 180 days from the costs or schedule set forth in the acquisition program baseline, a remediation plan and root cause analysis is required, and the Under Secretary for Management or his designee shall establish a date for submission within the Department of a breach remediation plan and root cause analysis in accordance with this subsection. 
‘‘(iv) in coordination with Component Acquisition Executive, discuss all options considered, including the estimated impact on cost, schedule, or performance of the program if no changes are made to current requirements, the estimated cost of the program if requirements are modified, and the extent to which funding from other programs will need to be reduced to cover the cost growth of the program; and 
analysis required under this subsection shall determine the underlying cause or causes of shortcomings in cost, schedule, or performance of the program, including the role, if any, of the following: 
manufacturing, or technology integration issues arising during program performance. 
changes in planned outyear funding from 1 5year funding plan to the next 5year funding plan as outlined in the Future Years Homeland Security Program required under section 874 of this Act. 
personnel, including lack of training, credentials, certifications, or use of best practices. 
Secretary for Management or his designee shall establish a date for submission within 
the Department of a program of corrective action that ensures that 1 of the following actions has occurred: 
program is again in compliance with the original acquisition program baseline parameters. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
of the enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate homeland security committees a multiyear acquisition strategy to guide the overall direction of the acquisitions of the Department while allowing flexibility to deal with everchanging threats and risks and to help industry better understand, plan, and align resources to meet the future acquisition needs of the 
and included in each Future Years Homeland Security Program required under section 874 of this Act. 
strategy, the Secretary shall consult with others as the Secretary deems appropriate, including headquarters, components, employees in the field, and when appropriate, individuals from industry and the academic community. 
be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex for any sensitive or classified information if necessary. The Department also shall publish the plan in an unclassified format that is publicly available. 
integrated prioritized list developed by the Under Secretary for Management or his designee in coordination with all of the Component Acquisition Executives of Department major acquisition programs that Department and component acquisition investments seek to address, that includes the expected security and economic benefit of the program or system and an analysis of how the security and economic benefit derived from the program or system will be measured. 
funding gaps between funding requirements for major acquisition programs and known available resources including, to the maximum extent practicable, ways of leveraging best practices to identify and eliminate overpayment for items to prevent wasteful purchasing, achieve the greatest level of efficiency and cost savings by rationalizing purchases, aligning pricing for similar items, and utilizing purchase timing and economies of scale. 
identification of test, evaluation, modeling, and simulation capabilities that will be required to support the acquisition of the technologies to meet the needs of the plan and ways to leverage to the greatest extent possible the emerging technology trends and research and development trends within the public and private sectors and an identification of ways to ensure that the appropriate technology is acquired and integrated into the Department’s operating doctrine and procured in ways that improve mission performance. 
Department can develop incentives for program managers and senior Department acquisition officials to prevent cost overruns, avoid schedule delays, and achieve cost savings in major acquisition programs. 
identification and assessment of ways to increase opportunities for communication and collaboration with industry, small and disadvantaged businesses, intragovernment entities, university centers of excellence, accredited certification and standards development organizations, and national laboratories to ensure that the Department understands the market for technologies, products, and innovation that is available to meet its mission needs to inform the requirementssetting process and before engaging in an acquisition, including— 
small and disadvantaged businesses and a costbenefit analysis of the tradeoffs that small and disadvantaged businesses provide, barriers to entry for small and disadvantaged businesses, and unique requirements for small and disadvantaged businesses; and 
and to permit freedom within legal and ethical boundaries for program managers to interact with such businesses with transparency. 
training, and retention of Department acquisition workforce personnel, including contracting officer’s representatives, in order to retain highly qualified individuals that have 
experience in the acquisition life cycle, complex procurements, and management of large programs; 
the authority to manage their programs in an accountable and transparent manner as they work with the acquisition workforce; 
with Governmentwide training and accreditation standards, acquisition training tools, and training facilities; 
that will be necessary to support the Department acquisition requirements, including in the fields of— 
‘‘(ii) determining what training is most effective with respect to the type and complexity of assignment; and 
relevant investigators and auditors to examine fraud in major acquisition programs, including identifying opportunities to leverage existing Government and private sector resources in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department. 
use of direct appropriations, or the credit, transfer, or deposit of unobligated or unused funds from Department components into the Fund to remain available for obligation in the fiscal year for which credited, transferred, or deposited and to remain available for successive fiscal years. 
applications for amounts in the Fund to be submitted. 
used for approving or prioritizing applications for amounts in the Fund in any fiscal year. 
Congress on the implementation of the Fund on an ongoing basis. 
metrics to determine if the Fund is meeting the objective to improve the acquisition workforce and to achieve cost savings in acquisition management.’’. 
the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 391 et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
heading ‘Office of the Under Secretary for Management’ under title I of division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 (Public Law 112–74) (as required under the Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2013 (Public Law 113–6)). 
cancelled, modified, paused, or referred to the Under Secretary for Management or Deputy Secretary for additional oversight or action by the Board, Department Office of Inspector General, or the Comptroller General. 
Steering Committees, which provide governance of a program or related set of programs and lowertiered oversight, and support between acquisition decision events and component reviews, including the mission and membership for each. 
PROGRAMS .—For each major acquisition program, the report shall include the following: 
current gaps and shortfalls, the capabilities to be fielded, and the number of planned increments or units. 
board designated to review the acquisition) status of each acquisition, including the current acquisition phase, the date of the last review, and a listing of the required documents that have been reviewed with the dates reviewed or approved. 
verification and validation has been implemented, with an explanation for the decision and a summary of any findings. 
and technical risk associated with the program (including narrative descriptions and mitigation actions). 
submit quarterly updates to such report not later than 45 days after the completion of each quarter. 
REPORT .—The Under Secretary for Management shall prepare a quarterly program accountability report to meet the Department’s mandate to perform program health assessments and improve program execution and governance. The report shall be submitted to the congressional homeland security committees.’’. 
Congress of the first multiyear acquisition strategy (pursuant to section 839 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002) after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the plan within 180 days to analyze the viability of the plan’s effectiveness in the following: 
section 839 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, as added by section 232 of this Act. 
through using alreadyexisting technologies when developing acquisition program requirements. 
in acquisitions by, to the maximum extent practicable, ensuring strategic sourcing vehicles seek to increase participation by small businesses, including small and disadvantaged business. 
pilot program to establish a Homeland Security Acquisition Workforce Development Fund. 
years following the submission of the report submitted by the Comptroller General of the United States as required by section 234, the Department’s Inspector General shall conduct a review of whether the Department has complied with the multiyear acquisition strategy (pursuant to section 839 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002) and adhered to the strategies set forth in the plan. The review shall also consider whether the Department has complied with the requirements to provide the Acquisition Review Board with a capability development plan for each major acquisition program. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and the gentleman 
from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) each will 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Committee on Homeland Security, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3572, the Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015, which I introduced with my colleague from Mississippi, Ranking Member BENNIE  
This important, bipartisan legislation reforms and streamlines DHS headquarters so it can more effectively focus on its core mission of better protecting national security. At the same time, this bill saves millions in taxpayer dollars and reins in unnecessary bureaucracy. 
DHS headquarters plays an important role in providing direction and oversight to the Department’s 22 components; yet, over the years, Department management has become bloated and unwieldy. 
and expanded offices and programs without the approval of Congress, created new assistant secretary positions, and spent billions of dollars on acquisitions that don’t meet the needs of our men and women on the frontlines securing the homeland. 
This bill helps to get DHS management on track by mandating multiple efficiency reviews to ensure taxpayer dollars are not wasted but, instead, directly linked to protecting the homeland. It also requires DHS to increase 
acquisition programs accountable, and to better communicate with industry when making major acquisition decisions. 
to thank Oversight and Management Efficiency Subcommittee Chairman SCOTT PERRY and Ranking Member 
leadership in conducting much of the oversight and research that informed the bill, especially their work to reform DHS’ troubled acquisitions process. I am grateful for their tremendous efforts. 
In addition, this bill eliminates unnecessary assistant secretary and director positions, abolishes unproductive, idle offices, consolidates offices to streamline functionality, and prohibits the Department of Homeland Security Secretary from creating any new assistant secretary positions without prior congressional approval. 
In short, Mr. Speaker, this bill ensures that the Department of Homeland Security is a leaner, less bureaucratic, and more efficient organization focused on the mission and getting the job done. 
fraud, abuse, and a lack of transparency at DHS headquarters, it is just one part of a larger suite of legislation that this committee has passed this year dedicated to reforming and improving the Department overall. 
more than 40 bills addressing similar shortcomings at CBP, TSA, FEMA, Secret Service, NPPD, and S&T, just to name a few. 
passing specific targeted bills dedicated to reining in bureaucracy, saving taxpayer dollars, providing muchneeded congressional guidance, and protecting national security. 
this committee and to the staff on both sides of the aisle whose hard work and bipartisan commitment to the priority of keeping America safe helped to make all of this legislation possible. 
unanimously last month, something you don’t hear of every day in this Congress. 
the House to join me in supporting this bipartisan bill that will help DHS to operate more efficiently and effectively in protecting the American people. 
I rise in support of H.R. 3572, the Department of Homeland Security Headquarters Reform and Improvement Act of 2015. 
Homeland Security was established in 2003, when 22 agencies were folded together in what was the most substantial reorganization of Federal agencies since the National Security Act of 1947. Since that time, the Department of 
Homeland Security has faced an ever evolving range of threats and has taken on more missions and responsibilities, most notably with respect to cybersecurity. 
Security has risen to the operational demands of the post9/11 world, departmental integration and coordination of key activities—such as policy development, acquisitions, and human capital management—have been a challenge. 
and the Department of Homeland Security inspector general have repeatedly found instances where decisionmaking at the component level has resulted in performance failures that have wasted limited Department of Homeland Security resources. 
H.R. 3572 is designed to drive improvements at all levels of the Department and to codify key departmental management directives that were issued in recent years. 
strengthen the under secretary for management; authorize and realign central offices within the Management Directorate; bolster the Office of Policy, including its management of DHS overseas personnel; and address the Department’s employee morale issues. 
Department’s acquisition policies, promoting management practices designed to deliver needed capabilities while actively managing risk. 
This bipartisan measure was introduced by Chairman MCCAUL on September 18, and Ranking Member THOMPSON was his original cosponsor. 
The degree to which this bill is a bipartisan product was further underscored by the acceptance of 13 amendments offered by Democratic members at the full committee markup held on September 30. 
Department of Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson’s Unity of Effort initiative. For example, it streamlines how the Department conducts outreach with Homeland Security stakeholders, including businesses and local government agencies, and integrates that process with the Department’s policymaking. 
chronic morale issues and build bridges between Department of Homeland Security components, H.R. 3572 directs the Department to establish a rotational program for its workforce. 
Finally, the bill elevates the Assistant Secretary for Policy to an under secretary level, a move that successive DHS leaders have sought. 
only improve departmentwide policymaking, but to also advance the goals of the initiative. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 3572. 
of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
Mr. Speaker, I will be brief. I think it is an excellent bipartisan 
New York for his presentation here today and support, and I want to thank the other side of the aisle for working with me and continuing to work with me in a bipartisan way to get things done for the country. I think that is how most committees should work; and certainly for one that involves protecting the American people, I think it is paramount that we work together, both Republicans and Democrats. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3572, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
TO PROVIDE AN ESTIMATE OF THE COST PER TAXPAYER OF THE DEFICIT 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. REQUIREMENT IN BUDGET SUBMISSION WITH RESPECT TO THE COST PER TAXPAYER OF THE DEFICIT. 
the budget is projected to result in a deficit, an estimate of the pro rata cost of such deficit for taxpayers who will file individual income tax returns for taxable years ending during such fiscal year.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) and the gentleman 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? 
There was no objection. Mr. MESSER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
voice today. My son, Hudson, and I attended the PatriotsColts game on Sunday night, and, unfortunately, the Colts were not successful by a touchdown, but I lost my voice in the process of rooting them on. 
I would like to thank Budget Chairman TOMPRICE and Ranking Member 
the floor. I rise today in support of this small but important measure. 
H.R. 1315 requires the President’s annual budget submission to Congress to include the cost per taxpayer of any budget deficit in a given fiscal year. This bill is based on a simple principle: each hardworking American taxpayer deserves to know how much the deficit costs them each year. This requirement would be a powerful reminder to the President and the Congress that our decisions here in Washington have realworld consequences. 
Since 2010, the national debt has increased by over $5 trillion. That is unsustainable, and it is irresponsible. Rather than make some tough choices, we just spend more money we don’t have and borrow some more. Unfortunately, because of outofcontrol spending, we will, once again, be hitting our debt ceiling soon. That means in 2 weeks, we will have borrowed the maximum amount of money our country is allowed to borrow by law, which now is $18.1 trillion. 
We are $18.1 trillion in debt. That is approximately $154,000 per taxpayer. And instead of asking ourselves, ‘‘How can we stop the borrowandspend cycle?’’ we are asking, ‘‘Should we borrow more money?’’ 
our fiscal house in order. I know this bill won’t solve our Nation’s fiscal problems, and it won’t prevent the government from spending more money that it doesn’t have; however, making this information the bill requires more easily accessible will help us and our constituents better understand the realworld impact of budgets that never balance. 
It is past time we get our fiscal house 
in order. I know this bill, again, won’t solve our Nation’s problems. 
H.R. 1315, legislation which requires the President’s budget to include an estimate of the size of the deficit on a pertaxpayer basis. I don’t oppose this legislation—indeed, I voted for a previous version of it in the last Congress—but I am having a hard time understanding what, if anything, it will accomplish. Requiring the President’s budget to 
include a basic calculation will do nothing to produce better policies or outcomes that the American people are demanding. And when I say ‘‘a basic calculation,’’ I am talking about a calculation that my 7yearold nephew, Lucas, could do probably without his smartphone. But I will vote ‘‘yes’’ because I don’t think this bill will do any harm. 
the majority’s priorities that this bill is even being considered. We are facing a series of enormous and serious budget issues, yet the majority is devoting floor time to legislation that is essentially meaningless. 
with funding under a continuing resolution that will expire on December 11, and we have failed to address the pending, acrosstheboard cuts known as sequestration that will drastically reduce funding for education, infrastructure, job training, and nutrition programs for children and the elderly. Those programs aren’t meaningless. Millions of Americans depend on them. 
acts, we will default on the full faith and credit of the United States in less than a month. That would cost our economy billions of dollars. We need to be meeting the urgency of the situation with urgent action on the House floor to raise the debt ceiling and avert a disastrous default. 
weeks left before the Federal highway program runs out of money again, yet it isn’t even scheduled for floor debate. We have yet to extend tax provisions that benefit millions of taxpayers, both individuals and small businesses. They deserve certainty, not meaningless legislation like this. 
priorities of the American people, demand our attention. We should be working on reaching agreements to resolve these issues. Instead, we are not just wasting our time, we are wasting America’s time. 
Let’s face it, this bill has two purposes: first, to create the illusion for the American people that Congress is actually being productive; and, second, to suggest, and possibly to scare, millions of Americans into thinking that they will be responsible for a certain amount of debt—an absurd notion, just as the notion that every American bears an equal share of our tax burden. 
bill. Again, I think it is a pointless exercise, but that is kind of where Congress is in this unfortunate era. 
I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. I certainly appreciate his support for the legislation. I would just suggest I don’t think this is meaningless at all. I think it is important that we let the American taxpayer understand the true cost of operating our 
this town like billion and trillion, it is very hard to put them into a scale that the average American can understand. When you look at a $400billion deficit that we now have on the books—and somehow brag to ourselves, as if we are somehow serving the American people well—and you divide that by 152 million taxpayers, it is over $3,000 we are still adding to the debt. When you look at the entire national debt of $18 trillion, it is $150,000 a person. It is unsustainable. 
economy. No one is suggesting that a bill collector is going to come to an individual taxpayer’s door, knock, and ask for $150,000. But it gives us a sense of the scale of debt that we are accumulating—five times, for the individual taxpayer, the average wage in this American society. 
called out. That is why we have this bill. I think there can be honest disagreements about how we solve our fiscal challenges, but no disagreement about the fact that we ought to be transparent with the American people about what we are doing. 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the remarks of my friend from across the Ohio River. I would say that if we want to do things like show what the per taxpayer impact of our decisions might be, we also might want to look at how much the Federal deficit has been reduced in the last 8 years. 
into office, the Federal deficit was $1.4 trillion. It is now right about just over $400 billion—still a lot of money. But I did the calculation, and that is almost a $7,000 reduction in the deficit per individual taxpayer over the last 8 years. So it can be a positive thing as well. 
But if we want to add a mathematical calculation to a budget, we really ought to be looking at the one the Republican Party approved in March. That budget, the Republican House budget, doesn’t add up. When I say that, I mean it literally doesn’t add up. Here are a couple of examples: 
ObamaCare but still counts all the revenue that is raised from the law. 
$610 billion worth of tax cuts this year, yet none of that lost revenue is accounted for in the Republican budget. 
scheduled to expire that we all know will be extended, but, again, the Republican budget reflects none of that lost revenue. 
requires that the President’s budget include this one very basic calculation. I just wish my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would apply basic addition and subtraction to their own budget and, more importantly, deal with 
the truly important issues that confront this country in the weeks to come. 
I believe the most direct path towards a healthier and more secure economy now and in the future is less spending, lower taxes, a balanced budget, and a smaller debt. The first step, though, is more transparency, letting taxpayers know what is happening here. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1315. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 348) supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future, as amended. 
fled Kyiv, Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the forcible and illegal occupation of Crimea in March 2014; 
Whereas Russianled separatists have forcibly seized large areas of Ukraine and continue their attacks on Ukraine’s forces; 
Whereas the Russian Federation has continued to engage in relentless political, economic, and military aggression to subvert the independence and violate the territorial integrity of Ukraine; 
the democratically elected Government of Ukraine, which represents the will of the people of Ukraine, and Congress has passed multiple pieces of legislation to provide support to Ukraine; 
Integrity, Democracy, and Economic Stability of Ukraine Act of 2014 (Public Law 113– 95), which authorized loan guarantees for the Government of Ukraine; 
Whereas Congress passed the Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–272), which authorized the Administration to provide Ukraine’s Government with support to facilitate necessary reforms, and stated that it is United States policy to assist the Government of Ukraine in restoring its sovereignty and territorial integrity; 
agreement was brokered between Ukraine, Russia, and Russianled separatists, but the agreement was never fully implemented; Whereas in February 2015, an additional 
ceasefire, known as the Minsk Implementation Agreement or Minsk 2, was agreed upon; 
many elections around the world, including Ukraine’s Presidential election in May 25, 2014, to ensure that international election standards are upheld; 
were held on October 26, 2014, but 29 of the 450 seats in parliament were not filled due to the inability to hold elections in areas controlled by separatists; 
people living in separatistcontrolled areas, international election observers declared the parliamentary elections in the rest of the country to have met international standards; 
Whereas Ukraine and Russia are participating States of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe and party to its commitments, including the 1990 Copenhagen Document which states that States ‘‘will respect each other’s right freely to choose and develop, in accordance with international human rights standards, their political, social, economic and cultural systems’’ and that ‘‘free elections that will be held at reasonable intervals by secret ballot or by equivalent free voting procedure, under conditions which ensure in practice the free expression of the opinion of the electors in the choice of their representatives’’; 
Whereas the next local elections are scheduled to take place in Ukraine on October 25, 2015; 
Whereas these elections are critical to continued legislative and constitutional reform in Ukraine; 
eastern Ukraine continue to refuse to implement Ukrainian law and to permit Ukrainian authorities to conduct elections in the areas they control and have therefore made free and fair elections in those areas impossible; 
Whereas Ukraine’s government has therefore been forced to postpone the local elections in those areas; and 
efforts to promote citizen engagement in the constitutional reform process, educating voters, and election monitoring: Now, therefore, be it 
assistance to Ukraine to facilitate the political, economic, and social reforms necessary for free and fair elections that meet international standards; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
conflict in Ukraine began, Russian aggression there remains almost a daily regular occurrence. The fighting has taken over 8,000 Ukrainian lives, and that number is growing as Russia continues to provide weapons and support to separatists in eastern Ukraine. 
Last year, along with Ranking Member ELIOT ENGEL and several other 
members of the Foreign Affairs Committee—there were eight of us, as I recall, including the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), who is 
the author of this resolution before us today—we traveled to Ukraine to see the situation on the ground. We traveled to Kyiv and we traveled to Dnepropetrovsk in the east, and we spoke with local officials. We spoke with representatives from civil society, women’s groups, lawyers’ groups, local government, different minority groups, a broad range of individuals—leaders of the Tatar community, leaders of the Jewish community there, and even former supporters of President Yanukovych, among many, many others. 
We heard that same message from everyone, namely, that they were committed to building a peaceful, united Ukraine that is free to determine its own future, and that they want to do it without outside interference. 
peace to this wartorn region under the socalled Minsk agreements. These specify a number of measures that must be implemented by all sides, one of which is to hold local elections by the end of this year. The Ukrainian Government has scheduled these for October 25, which is this Sunday. 
in the areas controlled by Russianled separatists because intimidation and manipulation make free and fair elections impossible in these regions. But they will take place in the rest of the country where independent observers will ensure that they meet international standards, and this is to be welcomed. 
realworld demonstration that Ukraine is continuing to implement the democratic reforms that Ukrainian people are determined to bring peace into their country with. 
bipartisan resolution and reaffirm that America’s commitment to Ukraine’s independence and to the right of the Ukrainian people to determine their own future is strong and it is enduring. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this measure. First of all, I want to thank Mr. 
With its passage, we will again be signaling that the United States stands 
want them to chart the future for their own country, and that we reject the aggression and unlawfulness of Russia’s actions under President Putin. 
Affairs Committee is our success in advancing good, bipartisan legislation, and this resolution is a prime example of business as usual for our committee. I am very proud of it. 
new. Over the past year, our committee has focused a great deal on this crisis. We have passed legislation aimed at assisting Ukraine. We want to see a successful democratic transition, we want Ukraine’s territorial integrity to be restored, and we want to deter Russia from further aggression. 
seems to be holding. That is good news, but I still have deep concerns. 
First of all, while the upcoming elections are important, not all of Ukraine’s citizens will have their voices heard. Only areas under Kyiv’s control will be casting ballots—and Russia has a history of sticking its nose in Ukraine’s elections. Putin has said that he won’t interfere with this vote. But I am not holding my breath, nor should anyone else. 
So we will be looking for some specific benchmarks. For instance, the agreement in Minsk requires that elections in Donetsk and Luhansk be held after Russia draws down its forces there. Not just Russian personnel, but all military equipment, all mercenaries, all support for proxies must be out of these areas before elections. It is critical that the OSCE mount a full scale observation mission and be permitted to monitor every stage of the process. We will be keeping a close eye on this as well. 
letter—a ceasefire, followed by elections, followed by restoration of Kyiv’s control over its own eastern border— the international order will remain compromised. This agreement does not address Crimea, nor does it hold the force of international law. 
we shouldn’t forget prior and far more important agreements, such as the Helsinki Final Act and the Budapest Memorandum, which reaffirmed the core principle of the Final Act: that the territorial integrity of states is inviolable. 
Ukraine was part of the former Soviet Union; and when the Soviet Union collapsed, Ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons. As part of giving that up, Ukraine was guaranteed its territorial integrity—guaranteed by the United States, by Russia, and by others. Certainly they are being betrayed right now, and we should not stand for it. 
that this agreement will deter President Putin’s aggression. Indeed, as Moscow dials up its intervention in the Middle East in Syria, Ukraine is looking more and more like just one element of a much larger scheme by President Putin to destabilize countries on Russia’s borders. That is what Putin wants to do. He wants to keep Ukraine unstable and destabilized. 
our support for Ukraine, we express our hope that Minsk will keep the peace, and we make clear that we are keeping a watchful eye on Russia and that we are ready to continue assisting Ukraine to consolidate its democratic gains and restore its territorial integrity. 
Ukraine wants to look toward the West. Ukraine does not want to be dominated by Russia. We should give them all the support that they deserve. That is what the United States does, that is what the United States is all about, and that is what this resolution does. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), the author of this resolution. 
I rise to support H. Res. 348, supporting free elections in Ukraine. 
strong support and cosponsorship of this legislation, which I was proud to introduce and which affirms Congress’ unwavering support for free elections in Ukraine. I thank my many colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have signed on as cosponsors and contributed to the final language of the bill. 
Support of the democratic and economic development of Ukraine in the face of Russian aggression remains one of the most vital efforts the United States can undertake to combat Russian belligerence and demonstrates our unwavering commitment to promoting democracy and human rights around the world. 
the people of Ukraine will head to the polls to exercise their right to choose their own government. However, because of the continued defiance of Russianled separatists, not every region of Ukraine will be able to participate in these elections. 
Crimea and the ongoing Russian support for separatists in eastern Ukraine are a clear violation of international law and diplomacy. The Minsk II agreement was a historic step toward potentially ending the violence and unrest in the country, and it is now upon the Governments of Ukraine, Russia, and the U.S. and our European allies as implementing partners to ensure its successful execution. The existing cease fire is a positive development, but one that must be accompanied by free elections and restoration of Ukraine’s territorial integrity. 
for most of the country—except some separatistcontrolled areas—for this Sunday, October 25. This resolution demonstrates this Congress’ steadfast commitment to supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future. It condemns any Russian attempts to interfere in Ukraine’s elections in any way, including through intimidation, violence, or coercion. During Ukraine’s last elections, these tactics were used to prevent Ukrainians from voting in certain regions. This cannot happen again, and any actions undermining these elections must be met with swift and uncertain international condemnation. 
history, it is essential that the United States and our European allies continue to demonstrate firm support for Ukrainian territorial integrity, sovereignty, and the right of Ukrainian people to participate in free and fair elections. America has a long history of supporting free and fair elections and the right of people to decide their own future. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs with overwhelming bipartisan support, and I urge my colleagues to support its passage today. 
minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
thank my good friend from New York and, of course, the distinguished chairman of the committee. 
I rise in support of H. Res. 348. The 
people of Ukraine have the right to hold free and fair elections within the sovereign territory of their own country. The ruthless tyranny of Russian military aggression in Ukraine must end, and we must never agree to a settlement that even hints to President Vladimir Putin that the borders of Europe are up for sale. 
illegal occupation of Crimea. The United States must make it clear in both our words and our deeds that Crimea is within the sovereign territory of Ukraine, and we will not recognize its forcible and illegal annexation by Russia—ever. This resolution is clear on that account, and I thank the author, Mr. CICILLINE , for it. 
The Senate and House of Representatives recently passed the fiscal year 2016 National Defense Authorization Act conference report. That text included an amendment I authored to prohibit the authorization of funds to be obligated or expended in order to implement any activity that could be construed as recognizing the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Ukraine’s Crimea. Crimea is not 
an issue we can allow to fade into the 
background—ever. As the resolution notes in just its second clause, this was Putin’s original sin in Ukraine. 
If we are to deter, Mr. Speaker, further Russian separatist and revanchist moves in eastern Ukraine, we must never yield on Crimea. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
voice my strong support for this resolution. I again thank Mr. CICILLINE for 
authoring this measure and his leadership, and I thank our chairman once again. 
crisis in Ukraine is a major threat to the international order. The United States stands with the people of Ukraine as they try to chart the path forward for their country and restore their territorial integrity. So long as President Putin’s aggression continues, we need to stay focused on this serious challenge. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
CICILLINE and Mr. C ONNOLLY —cosponsors of this resolution with myself and other members of that committee—but mention in particular the decision we made to go as far east in Ukraine as we could. We traveled to the border of Luhansk and Donetsk, actually, because Dnipropetrovsk was where we flew in. To the south is Donetsk. To the east is Luhansk. 
One of the great advantages of having with us the ranking member—an individual who knows the country well and knows the people well, Mr. ELIOT 
grandparents on his mother’s side are from Ukraine and both of his grandparents on his father’s side are from Ukraine. 
It is a reminder to us of the long 
struggle, the long, ardent effort, for independence, for some modicum of freedom, that the people of Ukraine have struggled for all of these years, a dream that finally seemed realized; and now, in the wake of that, you have the occupation of the eastern and southern parts of the country. 
I think it is a reminder to all of us of 
how we can be surprised on the world stage. The United States, in my opinion, could do more in this particular case to end the aggression. As people told us in Dnipropetrovsk—and we were there, actually. We had a service in the synagogue where Mr. ENGEL  
spoke during Passover. People asked us in each of these groups—the city council, the governor, the women’s groups, the different civil society groups—they said: We can handle the fact that every skinheaded malcontent that Putin can recruit, that he radicalizes, and he 
trains—then they send them here, and we capture them, and we hold them in our brig until the end of hostilities— but what is a real challenge is the Russian armor, that Russian equipment out there. We can’t match that. We need antitank missiles. 
have asked for. Many of us in Congress, myself included, have asked that we more forcefully oppose Russian aggression by giving those people on those frontlines the armaments they need to defend themselves, and the House has gone on record as taking this position. 
against Russian aggression that has brought so much suffering, and my hope is that, as we go forward, we convince the administration as well. 
Sunday are a concrete example that Ukrainians are determined to do all that they can to achieve peace throughout the entirety of that country. By overwhelmingly adopting this bipartisan resolution, I believe the House will send a clear message to the Ukrainian people that the United States remains committed to their right to have Ukrainians choose their own government and choose their own destiny. 
Rhode Island for authoring this particular bill, and I urge its passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in 
support of H. Res. 348 to support the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future, which was introduced by my friend, Representative DAVID 
right to freely choose their leaders—and the people of Ukraine are no different. It is imperative that the American people stand with Ukrainians to ensure that the future of their government is determined freely and fairly. 
of Crimea following the resignation of Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych in March 2014. In spite of economic sanctions, diplomatic efforts and successive ceasefires, we have tragically seen over 6,500 people killed in eastern Ukraine since Russia annexed Crimea. Russia’s continued violations of the Minsk agreement by ignoring the ceasefire is simply unacceptable. Their actions betray their previous commitments and have derailed good faith efforts to deescalate the crisis in Ukraine. Russia’s continued military aggression in Ukraine threatens peace and security in the region. Russia’s aggression has also hindered the electoral process and disenfranchised voters in the troubled region. I support Ukraine’s right to determine their own future, protect their territorial integrity and we must do all we can to prevent the slaughter of innocent lives. 
to encourage the passage of H. Res. 348, supporting the right of Ukrainian citizens to freely elect their officials and determine their future. I would like to emphasize the importance of protecting democracy around the world. In 2015, it is essential that we ensure people at home and abroad are able to elect 
as the Congressional Representative for the 14th District of Michigan, which is home to a large population of women and minorities who fought hard to gain the right to vote. This year marked the 50th anniversary of the Voting Rights Act, which is of critical importance in protecting every citizen’s right to participate in free and fair elections. However, fair elections are also vital to democracies across the globe. Therefore, we must act appropriately when those rights are infringed upon. 
government’s commitment to protect Ukraine’s critical elections. Ukraine’s next local elections are scheduled to take place on October 25, 2015 and are essential for the continuation of legislative and constitutional reform. We cannot allow Russia or other outside forces to interfere with Ukraine’s elections, especially through intimidation, violence, or coercion. By supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and have a say in their future, we are working toward ensuring all people around the world benefit from these basic yet profoundly critical rights. 
with our legacy of safeguarding democracy. I want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting America’s commitment to defending these important freedoms around the world. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 348, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) at 6 o’clock 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 10, SCHOLARSHIPS FOR OPPORTUNITY AND RESULTS REAUTHORIZATION ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 692, DEFAULT PREVENTION ACT 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–300) on the resolution (H. Res. 480) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1937, NATIONAL STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MINERALS PRODUCTION ACT OF 2015 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–301) on the resolution (H. Res. 481) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
551 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ SUPPORTING THE PEOPLE OF 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 348) supporting the right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 413, nays 4, not voting 17, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard 
Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes today. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 550, 551, and 552. 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the bill (S. 2162) to establish a 10year term for the service of the Librarian of Congress, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress asembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Librarian of 
Congress shall be appointed for a term of 10 years. 
apply with respect to appointments made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The first paragraph under the center heading ‘‘ LIBRARY OF CONGRESS ’’ under the center 
heading ‘‘LEGISLATIVE’’ of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act Making appropriations for the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the Government for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and ninety eight, and for other purposes’’, approved February 19, 1897 (29 Stat. 544, chapter 265; 2 U.S.C. 136), is amended by striking ‘‘to be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,’’. 
third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise today to congratulate Edward J. Hudak, Jr., on being sworn in this past Friday, October 16, as the chief of police for the Coral Gables Police Department. Chief Hudak has a long record of 
service to south Florida, having worked for 26 years for the city of Coral Gables and its police department, helping residents and visitors alike in ‘‘The City Beautiful,’’ a city which I am so humbled and honored to represent. 
As I am, Chief Hudak is a proud University of Miami Hurricane. Chief Hudak earned his undergraduate and master’s degree from the U, having more recently graduated from the FBI’s National Law Enforcement Executive Academy. 
have such a hardworking and relentless civil servant take the lead at its police department. 
being named the top cop of ‘‘The City Beautiful,’’ the city of Coral Gables. 
close Hispanic Heritage Month and look back at our community’s history and ongoing challenges, I rise today to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the White House Initiative on Educational Excellence for Hispanics. 
played an important role in advancing the dialogue and policies that have helped our community move forward. This year, as part of its anniversary celebration, the Initiative released the Bright Spots in Hispanic Education, an online national catalog. The catalog features 230 programs, organizations, and initiatives that are supporting and investing in educational attainment of Hispanics from cradle to career. 
Spots in my district that have been recognized for their outstanding commitment and contributions to our community: the American Dream Academy, the Bilingual Nursing Fellows Program, the Fowler Head Start Program, and the Victoria Foundation. These programs are leading the way to close the education gap. I look forward to continuing to work with them as they find ways to ensure every child, including Latino children, has the tools they need to succeed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today with a heavy heart to honor Aitkin County Sheriff’s Investigator Steven Sandberg, who was killed in the line of duty last week. 
Investigator Sandberg was deeply respected by his community and was somebody who was always handling the 
was a dedicated family man and a committed parent, not missing a single one of his daughter’s basketball games. 
He was also a shining light for his entire community. He was a former threesport athlete at Aitkin High School. He served as a volunteer firefighter for 17 years, and he taught Sunday school at the local Methodist church. 
Mr. Speaker, Steven Sandberg dedicated his life to serving others and keeping people safe. We honor his sacrifice. My thoughts are with his wife, Kristi, and with his daughter, Cassie, as well as with the entire community in Aitkin County. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
here to remind us how diverse our country is and how beautiful it is that we have been celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month for the last 30 days. 
to remind everybody that when we do things like that, it is not to talk about how we are different or separate. No, it is to talk about how alike we are and to talk about how wonderful and great our country is. 
from all over the world come here to start a new life, come here to create opportunities, perhaps not for them, but for the next generation. Together, we have created the greatest country that this world has ever known and has ever seen. 
from Africa, from Australia, from all parts of the planet, people come to this country for a better life and a second chance. 
I hope and pray that in these Chambers we can live up to the responsibility of holding true to the values of America and holding true to our responsibilities as a legislative body of this country to create and pass laws to make sure that everybody can continue to have those opportunities for generations to come. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Elk County, Pennsylvania, Commissioner June Sorg. June was honored recently with the County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania’s Outstanding Commissioner of the Year Award and with the Special Presidential Award. This award recognizes a commissioner who has contributed to the advancement of county government. June has a long career of public service, serving for six terms as county commissioner, totaling 24 years. In that time, she has been a leader in Elk County on issues ranging from human services, workforce investment, prison issues, infrastructure improvement, recycling, and environmental issues. 
June’s tenure include consolidation of county offices to a centralized location, improvements to the county’s jail, and the construction of Elk County’s new emergency management center. 
commissioners across the country dedicate countless hours toward the improvement of counties and communities that they serve. I know that June’s Sorg’s work proves this is true in Elk County. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to thank the new members of the bipartisan task force to combat the heroin epidemic. We introduced our first piece of legislation, the Stop Abuse Act, this month. 
has reached unprecedented levels, increasing 63 percent over the last decade. This addictive and dangerous drug has torn a path through every community, destroying families and ruining lives. 
the number of patients admitted to the Statefunded treatment programs reached over 1,500 in 2013, doubling the number from 2004. 
responsible for nearly 8,200 deaths. In just 10 years, the number of addicts has doubled to over 500,000. 
must expand coordination between local, State, and Federal governments, law enforcement agencies, and medical professionals. We must assemble the best ideas from experts around the country, which is why Congresswoman ANNKUSTER and I formed the bipartisan task force. We are doing everything possible to raise awareness, increase education, and hear from families and individuals affected by the spread of heroin. 
I urge my colleagues to join our effort so we can stop this epidemic. 
to congratulate the Minnesota Lynx Basketball Team. This wonderful basketball team has won three titles in 5 years. This is the great sports story of 
Lynx, their coach, and all their fans know that we are incredibly proud of them. We celebrated, and we had a victory parade. 
the truth is that this is women’s basketball. It is high quality, and it is excellent. It shows girls that women are excellent athletes, and it shows boys the same thing. This is great for our whole country and great for our community in Minnesota. 
We are proud of the Minnesota Lynx. Do you know what? I want to know if 
they can win another one next year. I wouldn’t put it past them. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the Treasury Department confirmed what we already knew: we have cut the Federal deficit to the lowest level since this President took office. At $439 billion, the deficit is about 10 percent lower than in 2014 and is less than one third of what it was in 2009. 
Yet, earlier this week, the administration was quick to boast about announcing the deficit being down that low when we asked in the past, ‘‘What is the plan, Mr. President, for balancing the budget ever?’’ Not telling me how to do it, but when. We haven’t gotten any answer. 
started by House Republicans with the Budget Control Act and other measures to keep spending in line so that we will have a chance some day to have a truly balanced budget. 
and things to help spur the economy, we could reach that goal even faster, perhaps even by 2019. With the right discipline, we could balance the budget. Then no longer will we have to have a debate about whether we should be extending the debt limit, which I think is appalling for all of us here, especially for the next generation who are going to have to pay the price on that. 
to get that budget deficit number to zero as soon as we can and maintain the business of this country. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
am very excited today to congratulate the researchers from the Baylor College of Medicine and Rice University in my hometown of Houston. 
On Monday, they announced an important discovery about the structure 
that one day could enable scientists to fix genetic defects that lead to disease. This was in the journal of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The authors included experts from Stanford, the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, who brought about this particular research, described the process through which a 6footlong string of human DNA folds and organizes itself. 
that to the many children, to the many young people, to the many families who suffer the loss of a child through a deadly disease, we now have research that may alter that process and impact, if you will, the DNA that results in diseases that cause the death of our children. 
University for this great success, and we look forward to saving lives from Houston, Texas. 
LAHOOD). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
is chaos week in Washington, and there are a lot of things going on. Most people want to talk about Benghazi or—I don’t know—maybe the Speaker, the next Speaker or the last Speaker. However, what I would like to talk about today is chaos in America’s infrastructure system. 
airport in Sacramento I was driving up Interstate 5, the highway that connects Mexico and Canada and Oregon and Washington and California. I hit a huge pothole and then another pothole. It turns out that the entire right lane was a series of potholes for the 9 miles that I traveled to get to the airport. That is not unusual, but that is the story of America’s infrastructure. 
talk about how our great Nation is the world’s most vibrant economy, the place where intellectual infrastructure takes place, but it certainly is not the place where physical infrastructure takes place. We rank 16th among the developed nations in the world on our infrastructure. 
going every which way. They have new airports. I remember the comment of our Vice President when he flew into LaGuardia in New York City. It wasn’t very complimentary. 
We have a need to build the infrastructure of this Nation because it is upon the infrastructure that the economy grows. It is upon the highways that we travel and move the goods and services. It is upon the transit system 
that more than 45 percent of Americans depend on for their transportation. 
We have got problems. I was reminded of Apollo 13 and that very famous quote coming back from space: ‘‘Houston, we’ve had a problem here.’’ Yep. America, we have got problems. 
Interstate 5 in Washington State. Just a little bit north of this bridge is the Canadian border. This bridge collapsed about 3 years ago. There are 63,500 bridges in America that are deficient, and over the last decade we have seen Americans die on bridges that have collapsed. We have got a problem. 
chaos here in Washington, we have got a problem with infrastructure. The House of Representatives is going to take up an infrastructure bill this week in committee. We will talk about that a little later. 
the other problems besides bridges and highways. Oh, by the way, it would take $780 billion to bring our highways up to adequate standards. That is a lot of money. Or maybe it is not. That is about threequarters of what we have spent in Afghanistan over the last 14 years. I guess we make decisions here about where we spend money. 
are in inadequate condition, and congestion abounds in 42 percent of the urban highways. Yep, we have got problems, but we can solve them. We will see whether the House of Representatives and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is willing to solve the problems this week when we take up the infrastructure bill here in the House of Representatives. 
HAHN, address one of our other problems. It is a problem that she is particularly aware of. She represents the greatest port in America, the Port of Los Angeles, and its neighboring port, the Port of Long Beach. 
to thank my good colleague from California, Mr. GARAMENDI , for devoting 
this Special Order hour to the needs that we have in this country when it comes to our infrastructure. 
week, at long last, barely in time before the highway trust fund runs out of money, we are finally going to look at a longterm surface transportation bill to fund some of our Nation’s most critical infrastructure, which you have been talking about. 
our bridges, they have been neglected far too long. Today we unfortunately have an infrastructure crisis. Not only do the American people rely on these roads to get from point A to point B safely and efficiently, our economy relies on them as well. 
for more funding for our freight network. That is the series of highways 
and roads that go from our ports and our manufacturing hubs and that the vast majority of our Nation’s freight travel on. Our Nation’s ports are hard at work, bringing in cargo from all over the world and exporting the products of American manufacturing to the growing overseas market. 
rely on the efficient movement of goods in and out of our ports. These jobs rely on our Nation’s freight network. For too long we have failed to invest in this important infrastructure and allowed it to crumble. Too many bridges along the freight network are in disrepair, and too many of our highways are unable to handle the modern levels of traffic. 
Now, many of us deal with the inconvenience of traffic every day, but this same traffic also costs both businesses and consumers money, and it threatens our economy’s ability to stay competitive in the 21st century global economy. 
become more and more unreliable, the cost of transporting these goods increases, and American manufacturers and consumers pay the price. That is why I proposed legislation that would drastically increase the funding of this freight network infrastructure. 
and my bill would have used existing customs fees to provide $2 billion every year just to fund this freight network and the infrastructure projects without, by the way, raising any taxes. I thought, by investing in our freight network, we could give American businesses and manufacturers a competitive edge and spur job creation across the country. 
The highway bill that we are considering this week provides just $750 million per year in freight funding. That is less than half of what I was hoping for. But it is a start. I hope that we can continue this conversation and find ways to invest in our ports and in this freight network at the level that our economy needs. 
work in a bipartisan way to improve the highway bill and ensure that it passes before the end of this year. I would like to see the freight network expanded to include that last mile. Those are the roads that connect everything to our ports with highways and with rail. And when we talk about improving our roads, these last mile roads are often forgotten, even when they have the greatest amount of traffic. 
title to include funding for ondock rail at our ports. Investing in ondock rail would actually ease traffic on our highways by taking a lot of those trucks off the roads. That cargo would come off the ships, go right onto the rail and then to the end consumer. 
This bill is a positive step. It is not 
perfect. It is not as good as I would like 
to have seen, but it is the right step for 
a longterm plan to invest in our Nation’s critical infrastructure. 
for your leadership on this. Thank you for talking about why Make It In America makes sense. But none of that makes sense unless we can finally invest in this infrastructure in this country to, as you said, make this country great and make it work for everyone. 
issues is well known. You head up the PORTS Caucus here in the House of Representatives. You are constantly badgering all of us about the necessity of the ports being expanded. 
the challenge of providing access for the Panamax ships, bigger ships being able to go through the Panama Canal. As you have told us so many times, we need to improve the infrastructure on the West Coast for the efficiency so that we can keep those Panamax ships on the West Coast. 
about so eloquently here is absolutely on. It is the major part of the American transportation economy. We look at roads, we look at railroads, but the notion of combining this into a comprehensive strategy in which we talk about the movement of goods, the freight movement. 
Your leadership is very, very important. I thank you so very much for joining us. I know that you have a tight schedule for the evening, but you broke away to bring us the very, very important message. 
with the ports. The American Society of Civil Engineers does a report card on the American infrastructure. We would fail. We would have to go back to remedial classes if their report card was somehow the way in which we would judge the work of the United States Congress because, with regard to ports, as we just discussed, it is a C, even though progress has been made. 
are going to have to spend an additional $46 billion over and above what is already programmed. We are going to have to spend $748 billion in the future in order to meet the needs of the highways, and that just gets us out of the D rating provided by the American Society of Civil Engineers. 
For transit, it is also a D. As I said 
earlier, some onehalf of American households depend upon transit because they don’t have a car, and 45 percent of the urban passengers cannot get the services that they need from transit. 
It goes on and on and on. Bridges, a 
Cplus. As I said earlier, 63,500 bridges are inadequate. For the rail system, part of what Congresswoman HAHNwas 
talking about, the railroads have invested over $75 billion of their own money improving their systems, but the intermodal programs that are so necessary require that those rails connect to the highways, to the trucking industry, and that hasn’t been done. So the rails actually receive a Cplus ranking. 
have got some very, very serious problems. Let me just put this up because there are solutions available to us. 
If we take a look at the problem, in 
this case, the global assessment of the United States is 16th for transportation infrastructure. The solution? Invest. For every dollar that we invest, the economy grows by $3.54. So when you put a dollar in, suddenly you get the economy moving. People go to work. 
For every billion dollars that we invest in roads and bridges, we are going to create 21,671 jobs. Those are people that are getting good, highquality, highpaying, middleincome jobs. Guess what. They are going to pay taxes. So you invest a dollar and you get back $3.54 of economic activity. And you get tax growth, not new taxes, but new people paying taxes. 
That is what we want. We want people to go to work. We want jobs in America. We find that, if we invest in infrastructure, we have got the opportunity to create jobs, to increase the tax base, and grow the economy. 
Now, on the negative side, underinvesting in infrastructure costs America over 900,000 jobs, including 97,000 jobs in manufacturing. These things go together. We have fortunately had over the years a buyAmerica requirement in the infrastructure financing for highways and bridges and the rest and for transit, that your tax dollars, my tax dollars, all of our tax dollars, are required to be used to buy American made goods, equipment, services, buses, and the like. 
So a transit agency can take your tax money and spend 50 percent of that tax money on buying a bus or a train from China, and the other 50 percent presumably would have to be spent on Americanmade services and goods. 
be 99 percent. Why not use our tax money to buy American? 
the problems that we have available to us, and that is the large outsourcing that I just talked about. 
And the solution? Make It In America. I have talked about that for 5 years here on the floor. Build the American economy with Make It In America laws and regulations. Use our tax money to buy Americanmade goods and equipment. 
you a couple of examples of the good news and the bad news. Here is why Make It In America strategies are important. 
State, where we had to rebuild the San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge, spanning from Oakland to the peninsula, 
San Francisco. It fell down during the ’89 earthquake, and then we decided we had to rebuild it. 
to figure out how to build it and what it is going to look like. It took forever. However, it was a multibilliondollar project; and someone decided that it would be cheaper to buy Chinese steel than American steel, so they contracted with a Chinese steel company. The result was 3,000 jobs in China, a brandnew steel mill to manufacture the most highquality steel. And what the Chinese sent to America was deficient. The welds were insufficient. There were problems in the quality of the steel. 
problem was, some $3.5 billion overrun. That is the bad news. California really screwed up. We say, ‘‘Make it in America.’’ 
side of the continent? New York needed to rebuild a new bridge, the New York Tappan Zee Bridge. It was made with United States manufactured steel; total cost, $3.9 billion, 7,728 American jobs because they undertook a buy America requirement, and they bought it in America; on time, under budget. The Tappan Zee Bridge, good; the San Francisco Bay Bridge, bad. 
I want to move on to where we are 
this week. On October 29, the United States Congress will engage in its favorite game: kicking the can down the road. 
infrastructure bill in the House of Representatives Transportation and Infrastructure Committee this week. Good for us. Several months late, not in time for next week’s deadline. So we will kick the can down the road. We will give ourselves another couple of months to ponder how we can address the needs of America’s infrastructure. 
I want to suggest to you there is a 
way we can do it. I put this chart up to challenge all of us. This chart displays the opportunity as well as the potential for the missed opportunity. 
pieces of legislation that are floating around the United States Capitol. But before we go to those three, I want to call your attention to where we are today. 
highway funding. We are spending somewhere around $264 billion on highways, $64.2 billion on transit. The entire amount over a 6year period of time—this is 6 years—is $319 billion. This does not include the rail system. 
So $319 billion is what we are spending today over a 6year period of time. I have already said how inadequate that is. I won’t go back through that again. 
but, frankly, never pushed, never put any weight behind it and, I think, 
copped out on what is, in my view, a 
very, very good bill, a comprehensive bill that included rail transit—again, not included here. It was a bill that had $449 billion, not including the rail, over a 6year period, compared to the $319 billion that we are spending today. That amounts to, what, $120 billion a year more—actually, $130 billion a year more. 
That is good. That is what we need. I 
misquoted that. It is $130 billion over 6 years. That is the kind of money that we need to build the infrastructure. 
compared to where we are today, $246 billion. Significant increase, enough to fix the potholes on I–5. Transit, $114.6 billion over 6 years, compared to today, $64 billion over 6 years. The entire sum, $449 billion, compared to $319 billion over 6 years. 
can and must make if we want to move from 16th among the world’s economies, developed economies, to get back up into the top five. That is what we need to do. 
Now, once again, this does not include the rail transit. If you add the rail transit in, these numbers are a little bigger. That is the kind of effort. 
they decide to do in their bill called the Senate DRIVE Act? $276 billion compared to $246 billion over 6 years; $74.9 billion for transit, compared to $64 billion. That is good. That is $10 billion. Better, but not enough. We actually need over $114 billion or $115 billion. 
not including rail, is $361 billion compared to $319 billion. Better, but not enough. Not sufficient to build the infrastructure that this economy and this society need to move out of 16th place back into the top tier of five. 
This week, we are going to take up a 
bill that is less than the Senate bill and just a little, teeny, tiny bit better than what we are doing today. So if you are happy with what we are doing today, you will love the House bill. But if you don’t want potholes, if you want to deal with congestion, if you want to deal with ports and freight, if you want to move from a D to a B or an A, you don’t do it with the House bill. 
This is the beginning of negotiations. But why in the world would you begin negotiations at the bottom when you need to get to the top? It beats me. I don’t get it. 
infrastructure. It is how we move our economy. It is how we move people back to work in good, middleclass jobs. It is how your tax money should be spent. 
gasoline or the diesel tax. Keep it the same, no increase. People can argue that it should or should not be increased, but you don’t need to. 
Act, the additional $100plus billion dollars over 6 years to build our infrastructure, is fully paid for by keeping the gasoline and the diesel tax at the level it is today and going after the hidden profits of the United States corporations that have skipped out on their responsibility to this country. 
They are hiding their profits overseas. We need to go after those profits and say: You owe it to America; bring that money back and pay your just taxes. That is how this is paid for, fully paid for. 
American corporations won’t be allowed to run away from their responsibility to their country. They will pay their fair share, here in America. No more tax dodges overseas, folks. 
the Congress of the United States is: Are we going to go with what we have today, just a little bit more, just keeping up with inflation? Is that good enough for America to be number one? No, it is not. 
the truckers, without burdening the commuters? We can, if we are willing to step up to the American corporations, the big and the powerful, and say: Pay your fair share. 
Oh, by the way, their fair share is 14 
percent, which is less than onehalf of the corporate tax rate. 
of Representatives, the men and women that you have elected, are going to make some decisions. We will make a decision about Speaker eventually. That will get taken care of eventually. We will make some decisions about a few other things. But the infrastructure issue of this Nation is fundamental to economic growth. 
hope we make the decision to grow this economy, to make it in America, spend your tax dollars here at home, and give you the roads, the transit system, the ports, the freight movement, the airports that you need and America needs. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) is recognized for 60 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be here this evening. It is a good time to be back here on the floor tonight, especially after coming back from a week, I am always very pleased to go see home, be a part of folks who get outside this beltway, get outside where they get up in morning, they go to work, they do the things that families 
do and communities do, and they do so with a sense of purpose and work. 
to light, during our time together, we are going to talk about some of the great folks, our American pharmacists and the battle that they carry on every day. They are true champions on the front lines of health care. 
several people. My good colleague from Georgia, BUDDY CARTER , is going to be 
going to be here as well. We will have many people come in and out. 
words that we speak will encourage and inspire those who care for our constituents in their time of need. 
National Pharmaceutical Week was held October 11–17. In 2004, American Pharmacists Month was launched to bring greater awareness to the expanding role of pharmacists in the healthcare system and recognize their unwavering commitment to patient care. 
On October 1, we celebrated Pharmacist Appreciation Day and participated in the third annual tweetathon. This year, there were 7,214 tweets from 1,285 tweeters, and I wanted to share some of my favorite ones at this time. 
Can you give me a flu shot through the 
medication safety for our patients in a variety of settings. We save lives. 
We filled insulin for a patient after she was 
I wanted to be a pharmacist because in my 
small town, doctors rotated in and out, but the pharmacist knew my community. 
Every year, the American Pharmacists Association Academy of Student Pharmacists creates a national theme to encourage and advocate for the profession of pharmacy, and this year the theme is: Live your ‘‘why.’’ We are going to come back to that a lot tonight, Live your ‘‘why.’’ 
It is incredible to read the outpouring of stories from student pharmacists around the country. 
Hannah Holbrook is a pharmacy student at ULM, one of the most active and committed student pharmacist chapters in the Nation. She told a local paper: ‘‘Even as students, we can be leaders and have impact on patients.’’ 
I believe the next generation of pharmacists is going to do truly remarkable things that could radically transform patient care, but it won’t happen unless Congress acts. We must act to level the playing field so independent and community pharmacists can not only compete, all they are asking for is a chance, and we need to make sure that we step up and do that. 
share from many as we go tonight, but I want to start off with Representative BLUM, who has come down to speak 
with us. He has got to run off on some 
other events, but we wanted to get you here tonight. We are glad that you are here to speak on this important issue for your community and others. 
in support of pharmacies across the country, especially the independent community pharmacies who operate in a tough business climate to serve rural areas and provide patients with convenient, affordable, and personal care. 
In my home State of Iowa, 72 of our 
99 counties are considered medically underserved; and of these, 27 are served by only one pharmacy. Many of these areas are rural, and a large number of citizens in these sparsely populated areas rely on their community pharmacy for access to lifesaving drugs and treatments. 
of Federal policy to address the rising costs of drugs has left independent community pharmacists at a disadvantage. Often unable to cover the costs of maintaining and managing a storefront, community pharmacies are closing their doors at an alarming rate. This leaves many Americans without access to the timely, efficient, and personal patient services they provide. 
To that end, I am most happy to cosponsor H.R. 592, to ensure that pharmacists are recognized as providers under Medicare part B so that my constituents can have access to local healthcare services instead of traveling long distances to seek out care. 
work with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) as well as my colleagues 
across the aisle, such as Congressman DAVE LOEBSACK from the Second District of Iowa, to lower the cost of drugs and promote fair competition and choice, which will ultimately benefit patients. 
I will continue to work to pass legislation, such as H.R. 244, to increase the transparency of drug payment rates under Medicare part D and TRICARE, while ensuring a fair, competitive market for generic drugs. 
of Hartig Drug Stores, the secondoldest familyowned independent drugstore company in America, which has locations throughout my district, including my hometown of Dubuque, Iowa. Hartig’s pharmacies operate in three States, employing 437 people. 
I believe we should be enacting policies that allow these kinds of local pharmacies to thrive instead of shut down. My hope is that through the continued hard work of their dedicated employees and the implementation of better policies at the Federal level, these family businesses will continue to serve patients in and around my district for many years to come. 
Mr. BLUM. I think what you have recognized are 
the struggles that are going on right now. And what I have found—I was speaking with a Member tonight from one of our Midwestern districts. It was on the floor as we were voting earlier. I started explaining what was going on in our independent pharmacies. This Member did not know. They had not had a chance to interact. They didn’t know what was going on and the changes that were going on. So you being here tonight helps highlight that. 
is just an inequity that is in our healthcare system that needs to be fixed. 
talked about in our time up here. Many times, we talk about not being able to work together. This is an issue that draws us together. 
through two Congresses now on this issue. We are going to work on more together. It is my honor to yield to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. LOEBSACK ) 
to expound on this because we have been working on this for a while, and it is good to have you here tonight. 
COLLINS . It is great to be here. I know 
that you folks have a lot of things going on on your side of the aisle, and it is a testament to your commitment to this issue that you have gotten a number of your colleagues here tonight to speak to this issue, to speak to the importance of independent and community pharmacists. 
America that we talk about this. And as Mr. COLLINS said—and Mr. C ARTER , I 
appreciate your invitation as well—it is really important that we speak to how important these folks are for our communities, for health care, for their patients. 
borders me to the north, and he mentioned the Hartig pharmacy. They have a pharmacy in Iowa City, and I took a little bit of time out of my schedule a couple years ago to visit there and to 
hear the problems that they have when it comes to all kinds of issues. 
Pharmacists Month. It is a month during which we recognize the important role that pharmacies play in our communities. Pharmacists are, in fact, frontline healthcare providers, and they are counselors for many patients who consistently depend on their training and expertise to stay informed, to stay healthy, and to stay out of the hospital. They also play an incredibly important role in strengthening the economies of the areas they serve, particularly in rural counties like so many of those that I represent of the 24 counties I have. 
It is also crucial that these pharmacies have a level playing field, as was already mentioned by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. BLUM), when 
trying to run a successful business in a challenging and complex environment. Like most smallbusiness owners, community pharmacists face many challenges to compete and negotiate on a daytoday basis with large entities on their business transactions. 
said, many of these pharmacies in my district, the Second District. I have learned firsthand how they often struggle to compete. 
One problem I have heard, for example, from many pharmacists is that the reimbursement system—and I am sure we are going to hear more from folks about that tonight—for generic drugs is largely unregulated; and it is, in 
fact, a mystery to many folks. Generic prescription drugs account for the vast majority of drugs dispensed, so it is critical for pharmacists’ bottom line that their reimbursement is transparent. 
for generics via the maximum allowable cost, or MAC, lists created by pharmacy benefits managers, PBMs— the drug plan middleman, something we have heard so much about. But the methodology used to create these lists is not disclosed. It is a secret. It shouldn’t be a secret. It should be open. We need to have transparency on this front. Also, the lists aren’t updated on a regular basis, resulting in pharmacists often being reimbursed below what it costs them to actually acquire the drugs. That makes no sense whatsoever. 
partnered with the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) to introduce 
H.R. 244, the MAC Transparency Act. We have a lot of folks onboard on this. It is a bipartisan bill at a time when, as Mr. COLLINS said, there is not a lot 
it would ensure that Federal health plan reimbursements to pharmacies keep pace with generic drug prices, which can skyrocket overnight, as we know. 
I am not going to go into great detail 
at the moment. We have got time to talk about this a little bit more. There are other things we can talk about tonight. But I just wanted to say a few things at the outset and to just thank you again, Mr. COLLINS and Mr. C ARTER, for setting this particular time 
aside so we can really educate our colleagues, as much as anything, about the problems facing independent community pharmacists. 
hear what we are talking about. They can see this education part of it. 
almost like veterans. There is no Member of Congress that doesn’t have veterans’ issues, because they come from 
has independent pharmacists. And as one told me just the other day, he said, if the condition doesn’t change, they will be gone in a year and a half. 
governments who believe that they can cut their healthcare costs by going and taking the pharmacies and putting them with a PBM and centralizing it for county employees. They said that they would save X amount of dollars. And when I called my county commissioner and asked him about this, I said: You save this amount of money. But, I said: If you realize, if you take county employees out of the system, government operating this—and this is someone on my side of the aisle. I told him: You take government and put this in control, you are going to put pharmacies out of business. And I said: How much do you save when they have to lay off employees? They shutter their businesses, and you lose sales tax, property tax, and the peripheral income that comes with that. 
We have got to address it, and that is 
why we are here tonight. This educational process is important. 
When you come up through the legislative ranks—whether it is here in Congress or the State house, where I started, you meet folks who you learn to have a great deal of respect for, especially from the places that they have come and what they have done in the past. 
from the southeast coastline of Georgia, is one of those who actually is a pharmacist. 
I think one of the things I want to 
emphasize tonight is—and some people might be saying: Why are you bashing pharmacists? We are not bashing pharmacists. Pharmacists are great. I love them. No matter where they work, it is the system that they are trapped in that is broken, that is hurting the individuals who need that care. 
great perspective from one in the profession who understands this firsthand, from owning those pharmacies, but also dispensing and taking care of patients. 
for hosting this tonight. This is certainly a very important subject. It is very important to me, personally, yes, but it is more important to our healthcare system. 
practice of pharmacies has existed to help people with their ailments. Today, the most common pharmacy position is that of the community pharmacist. Community pharmacists are the front lines of medication, instructing and counseling on the proper use and adverse effects of medically prescribed drugs. 
have been several issues that have threatened the role of community 
pharmacists. Being a community pharmacist myself, I know these issues all too well. I believe that there are three main issues that we can address in Congress that will allow the community pharmacists to continue to fill the invaluable role of counseling Americans on the proper use and dangers of prescription medications. 
United States Congress and I got involved in government, I jokingly said that if I could learn 10 percent of all the acronyms in the Federal Government, I think I would have been a success. Then I got to thinking about it, and I feel a little silly now because there are a lot of acronyms in pharmacy as well. One of those is MAC, M AC, maximum allowable cost. Another is PBM, pharmacy benefits manager. 
transparency. This is a bill that is being offered, and this is a situation that needs to be taken care of. It needs to be addressed. It is perhaps one of the most pressing—if not the most pressing—issues facing community pharmacists right now. 
MAC is a price list. The maximum allowable cost is a price list that lists 
the upper limit or the maximum amount that an insurance plan will pay for a generic drug. In other words, if you have a generic drug and it is on that MAC list, they are going to tell you what the maximum allowable cost is. That maximum allowable cost may be $10. Now, if you can buy it for $9, more power to you; but if you have to buy it for $11, you are only going to get paid $10. That is why they call it the maximum allowable cost. 
Each insurance plan sets the maximum allowable cost for the plan. Some States require them to follow a certain policy, if you will, a certain procedure when they set those plans, those prices. Most States don’t. In a lot of States that don’t, the insurance companies can set it wherever they want to, whatever they want to set it at. They may choose a drug that is only available in a certain area for a certain price. 
Georgia, I may not be able to get that drug at that price that they set it at because they used the price that it is available in the northeast and is not available to us in the southeast. That is why we have got to have transparency. That is why we have got to have maximum allowable cost transparency. 
the cost of the drugs do not rise to unaffordable price levels, which is supposed to allow continued access to medications to Americans and maintain low costs for employers who provide coverage for those employees, and that is very important. They are supposed to set those prices so that their plan’s recipients, the ones that are covered, are able to get those medications. Therein lies a couple of problems. 
One is what I just explained, that it is not always available at the price that they set. A second is that sometimes the price goes up. We know that the price of generics have been going up significantly and rapidly. When that happens, sometimes the insurance companies, the PBMs, are slow to raise their MAC prices, which means that if I have got a MAC price of $10 and, overnight, the price of that drug went up to $20, until the insurance company raises the MAC price, I am still going to get paid $10 even though it is costing me $20. That cannot be sustainable for community pharmacists. 
different from other healthcare providers in that we have a product. We actually have a product that we have to pay for. We have that product. 
injectables they have to pay for and so and so, and we understand that. But in community pharmacy, we actually have that product on our shelf, and we have got to pay for it, regardless of how much we get paid for it. The wholesaler doesn’t say: Well, how much did you get paid for it? That is how much we are going to charge you. 
The way it works is they have got a 
set price. If it is $20 and I am only getting paid $10 for it, I am losing that $10. 
you can make up that $10, can’t you, and charge the patient? No. You can’t do that. 
is $5, that is what they pay. I can’t charge them $15 to make up for that difference. That is not allowed. That is one of the things that is leading to the detriment of the community pharmacy. 
point there is what happens with the patient. Because, keep in mind, ultimately what we are talking about here, when we are talking about keeping community pharmacies open, when we are talking about making certain that this provider is available, we are talking about the patients. 
patient care. If I am not able to pay for that medication because I am not getting reimbursed enough, that patient is not going to get the medication, and that is going to lead to even more medical costs. That is why this is so vitally important. In the end, what it comes to is patient care. 
problem with PBMs, with the pharmacy benefits managers? First of all, there is no transparency. There is no transparency in the contracts with the PBMs. For example, several years ago Meridian Health Systems, a nonprofit that owns and operates six hospitals in southern New Jersey, hired a PBM to help reduce their surging medication 
least $763,000 from Meridian’s $12 million in annual medication spending. Just 3 months into the contract Meridian was on pace to balloon by $1.3 million. This PBM insisted that it was actually saving Meridian money. It was not. 
After some investigation by Meridian, Meridian discovered that this PBM was making huge gross profits ranging from $5 per prescription to multiple times that amount. In one example, Meridian was charged $92.53 on a generic bottle of antibiotics while the PBM only paid $26.91 to get the prescription filled. That is a profit spread of $65.62. 
referred to as the spread, the difference between what the PBM actually charged the company and the difference in what they actually paid for. That is the spread that the PBMs work on. 
small businesses, the customer, or the government under part D of Medicare can be significantly more than what it actually costs for them to fill the prescription. As I mentioned, PBMs don’t always update their price list in a reasonable amount of time. This hurts pharmacies, and more than that, again, it hurts patients. 
that some PBMs wait until 4 to 6 months to update that reimbursement rates after a drug price rises. There has been evidence of that. 
still working. Ten months ago, before I entered Congress, before I became a Member of Congress, when I was still running my drugstore, I experienced this. I experienced where a product would go up in cost, yet the PBM would not adjust their price, their cost, their MAC. 
months, where we were getting paid less than what we were having to pay for the drug. Obviously, that is not sustainable. That business model doesn’t work for anyone regardless of who it is. 
This leaves pharmacists getting reimbursed for drug prices that could be extremely out of date. Any small business in the country can’t sustain operability when they don’t know how much it costs to provide the customer with their service. You are basically asking a business owner to operate with no understanding of revenue. No one in the country can operate a business like this. 
possible to make sure that PBMs are doing what they were created to do. My colleague from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) 
has introduced H.R. 244, the MAC Transparency Act, which would provide muchneeded transparency to the operations of PBMs and provide pharmacies, businesses, and Americans a better understanding of their insurance coverage and the true drug costs. This 
and extremely important to pharmacists is provider status. Now, Mr. Speaker, I graduated from pharmacy school in 1980. I have what is known as a bachelor of pharmacy degree. Back then it was a 5year degree. The pharmacists that are graduating now are graduating with a doctor of pharmacy degree, a 4year professional degree that usually comes after a bachelor’s degree. 
and, in most cases, 8 years of education. Their clinical expertise is so impressive right now. The practice of pharmacy has changed so much during the years that I have been practicing. I have seen it go from where we did nothing more than fill prescriptions to where now the pharmacist is a vital member of the healthcare team. 
ago about someone asking if they could get a flu shot in a drivethrough. We have actually seen that done sometimes. But the point that I want to make is pharmacists now are actually administering vaccines. 
help Americans? How does that help our healthcare system? Obviously, our vaccination rate improves. Keep in mind, in south Georgia, where I represent, rural health care is a concern. We quite often say that, in Georgia, there are two Georgias. There is north Georgia and the Atlanta metro area and then there is the rest of Georgia. 
Access to health care is very important in south Georgia, particularly in the rural area of south Georgia, where you find that pharmacists are some of the most accessible healthcare professionals out there. If it were not for our pharmacists, many of these patients would not get those vaccinations, and that is very important. It is very important that we have provider status for pharmacists. 
into an era of integrated care delivery systems that provide allencompassing care to Americans. This new structure of care will provide Americans with the type of care that allows constant collaboration with all sectors of health care to provide the highest level of care. 
Americans that rely on healthcare professionals are the elderly. However, under part B of Medicare, pharmacists are excluded from the list of providers under Medicare part B. 
have to change. Regardless of how you might feel about the Affordable Care Act, regardless of how you might feel about what is our state of health care here in America now, one thing is for certain. We are going to have to utilize all disciplines in health care to improve our system. We are going to have to utilize pharmacists. We are going to have to utilize nurses and physician’s assistants. We are going to have to 
no mistake about it. Doctors remain the quarterback. They remain the captains of the team. We have to have them. They are essential. But these services that have been provided in the old model where doctors did everything and the other healthcare professionals didn’t participate has got to change in order for health care to sustain here in America. 
is a physical therapist. The physical therapists who are graduating now, again, are so clinically oriented and they can do so much more. We find that in all different aspects in allied health care. 
do. That is why it is vitally important that we have provider status for pharmacists, physicians, physician’s assistants, certified nurse practitioners, qualified psychologists, clinical social workers, certified nurse midwives, and certified registered nurse anesthetists. 
covered under Medicare part B, but pharmacists are not. Pharmacists need to be included in that. These professionals make up a healthcare team that provides an integrated healthcare plan for the treatment of a patient. However, I have never experienced a patient that required this level of care without being prescribed medications. It is a vital part of it. 
them, the whole process fails. Why does the patient go to the doctor and spend all this time being diagnosed and this doctor use all of his expertise in diagnosing this patient if they are not going to get the medications? It is a vital part. 
where you have got the physician, you have got the pharmacist, and you have got the patient. All of them have to work together to make the system work. 
integrated healthcare system, pharmacists’ services should be included under Medicare. This is why my friend from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) has introduced H.R. 592, the Pharmacy in Medically Underserved Areas Enhancement Act. This legislation would include pharmacists under the list of providers under Medicare part B and provide a true integrated healthcare team for Medicare patients. 
to do and that Congress can do—some health plans, particularly Medicare prescription plans, have selected certain pharmacies to be the plan’s preferred provider. We must have any willing provider, pharmacy legislation, rather than allow insurance plans to pick and choose a preferred pharmacy. 
Now, this is something I have, unfortunately, a lot of experience with. I have been practicing for over 34 years 
now. Let me tell you, I have had patients who have been with me that long. They are a part of my family. 
They have come to my store. I have provided generations of services to them, to their parents, to their grandparents, and now to them and to their children. Yet, they at the first of the year come to me, some of them in tears, and tell me, ‘‘I have got to change pharmacies. I don’t want to. But my insurance plan is telling me that this is the only pharmacy I can use.’’ 
saying, ‘‘Well, that is not true. They can use you. They can go ahead and pay for the medications and submit us the receipts and we will see if we can reimburse them or they can go to our preferred pharmacy and pay the $5 copay.’’ That is not a choice. That is not a choice at all. 
can use this pharmacy outside of our preferred network if you want to. The copay is going to be $45. But if you use our preferred pharmacy, the copay is going be to $5.’’ 
Well, let me tell you, if you have 10 
prescriptions, as a lot of elderly patients do, are you going to pay $450 as opposed to $50? That is not a choice. That is not something that is going to lead patients to stay with their pharmacy. 
and they don’t want to do that. Mr. Speaker, having a choice makes a difference. These relationships that patients have with their healthcare providers are very, very important. 
remedy this problem. The Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act of 2015 would allow Medicare enrollees to keep their longtime pharmacist if that pharmacist agrees to the terms and conditions of the Medicare prescription drug plan. 
able to provide a free market system for prescription drug plans that will lower cost while also providing comfort to Americans. This is winwin. 
you are saying is that you want to force people to have to do this,’’ no, not at all. I am a free market guy. You will not meet more of a free market person than me. All we are asking to do is to have the ability to compete. That is all we are asking to do, to participate in the free market. 
PBM, sets the reimbursement, if I see, okay, this is the reimbursement they are going to pay me, if I am willing to accept that reimbursement, I should be able to participate. That is all we are saying. 
willing provider, to participate. Select Networks are hurting us. But, more importantly—more importantly—they are hurting the patients. Why is that? Because now the patient, instead of going to my pharmacy where it is convenient, where they have been going for 34 years, where their parents went, where their grandparents went, are having to go and travel long distances, particularly in south Georgia, to get to the pharmacy that is a Select pharmacy, the Select provider. A lot of times they just do without. Then what happens? Then all of a sudden medical costs rise, and we don’t see adherence. That is a problem. 
are three things that are very important to community pharmacies. 
from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for bringing this up and let you know that I have been honored to serve as a pharmacist. I think it is a noble profession. 
make sure you understand this is about the patients. If community pharmacies don’t survive, this is going to mean that health care in this country suffers. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend from Georgia and his passionate defense of what we are doing here tonight. 
Earlier this month many of my colleagues and I sent a letter to CMS in support of proposed guidance to ensure part D plan cosponsors consistently report pharmacy price concessions. That letter was led by fellow Georgian and a good champion of pharmacists, AUSTIN  
here. This is certainly a bipartisan issue and gets to the heart of some of the challenges in health care in our country right now. I certainly rise today in support of our Nation’s community pharmacists and our pharmacies which play a critical role in our healthcare system. 
operate in underserved areas like the ones that I represent in rural Georgia, 24 counties. In areas where a doctor may be many miles away, local pharmacists deliver flu shots, give advice on overthecounter drugs, and help with latenight drugstore runs for sick kids. 
much more often than their doctor, and there is a very personal relationship between these community pharmacists, patients, and the physician. They are community pillars, and they contribute greatly to the economies. It is crucial that these pharmacies have a level playing field when trying to run a successful business in a challenging and complex environment. 
As you know, Mr. COLLINS , I was an 
insurance broker for many years. I thought I might tell a very personal story about one of my clients who, shortly after their contract was issued, the gentleman’s child got sick and they needed a prescription filled. So they went to the local big box pharmacist or 
Even when I, as the agent, could provide evidence that the person was insured without the card, they simply would not fill the gentleman’s prescription. The local community pharmacist was the one that filled the script. 
Now, the irony of it and what we are 
talking about here and where the real problem comes in is that, when the person got their insurance card because of the PBMs, they could no longer use that community pharmacist that was the only one that would provide the service that they needed when they actually needed it. 
when we have these business models, we keep those local community pharmacists where they are able to run a successful business and stay in business. 
During the August district work period, I stopped by another drugstore, a small drug store in Quitman that had been there many, many years. Generations of people have continued to rely on them for their services. 
our senior citizens, a lovely lady, come in. The owner called her by name. They caught up on family and friends and what was going on in life, and she had some questions about the medications. 
knew the answer to every single one. He knew her history with those medications and was able to answer those questions that she asked. She left there with a smile on her face knowing that she knew what she needed to take, when she needed to take it, and what she needed to take it with. 
As I stopped at these local community pharmacies like the ones I visited in August, I continued to hear concerns from them about what is happening in the pricing structure and that, if the price on a drug goes up, the insurance company has the ability and takes several months to change the rate when the price goes up. But if the price comes down, as happens in free market sometimes, they immediately reduce the price that they reimburse to the pharmacist. 
There should be no excuse for the difference in the timeframe in which the reimbursement occurs. If it can be done when the price is changing to the downside, it can certainly be done in the same time limit when the price is changing to the upside. 
A lot of things we have seen lately in 
pharmacy. We saw where a venture capitalist purchased a drug and raised the price of that drug several thousandfold overnight. That has been happening, and local community pharmacists have expressed concerns with this issue for many years. 
tablets, for example, that has been around for decades and decades. They 
apiece. Digoxin for a heart condition, doxycycline, the same thing has happened with these drugs. 
going to help us fix this if not for the ability to get the information from their local community pharmacist? 
and they are the ones that are willing to help resolve the challenges with the higher drug costs in this country. 
So one would ask: How is it that, in 
many cases, our local pharmacists are kept from being able to participate in the networks? Well, in many cases, the networks that are blocking out the local community pharmacists are actually owned by the big box pharmacies. 
of interest, that is about as conflicted as it gets when your big box pharmacists own the network that actually can determine who you can get your drugs from and they box out their own competition. 
wonderful issue for the Federal Trade Commission to get involved in and to bring competition back into that area. 
help is H.R. 793, the Ensuring Seniors Access to Local Pharmacies Act of 2015. I want to thank my colleagues that are here that are also cosponsors for it. 
This bill allows community pharmacies that are located in medically underserved areas or areas that have health professional shortages the ability to participate in Medicare part D in the preferred pharmacy networks so long as they are willing to accept the contract terms and conditions that other innetwork providers operate under. 
choice. This keeps the small business owner out there. Let me ask you to make no mistake about it. This is big business versus small business. 
to talk about is MAC, the maximum allowable cost. Pharmacists are often reimbursed for generics by this MAC list. You have heard BUDDY CARTER talk 
about this earlier. He certainly knows more about it than I do. This list is created by the PBMs, but nobody knows how they create this list. 
As patients, we have a right to determine how the costs are derived for the drugs that we are going to take. And understand this. It is not a manufacturer’s cost. It is not a manufacturer’s cost. It is a maximum allowable cost. When the lists are updated, certainly it should be done in a timely manner. 
244, and I certainly hope to see that bipartisan bill pass. 
are extremely important to our healthcare system. There is a way to create a scenario under which the patients have more choice and that requires keeping that local community 
thank you for being here. You have been a great champion to this cause as well. 
want to repeat—basically, what we are going back to is some simple fixes. We are not asking for one to be preferred over another one. 
I think exactly what the PBMs actually want is they want to prefer and they want to run you into their network and control you. 
realize that a lot of our community pharmacists have to buy from PBM, who operate other big box stores, who, in turn, then audit them and can fine them if they don’t follow the plan exactly. 
I repeat one thing you just said right there? 
get to audit their competitors. Now, in what other scenario in the world could you say it is a free market when your competitor, who is the big box multi billiondollar operation, gets to audit their small business competitor? 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is baffling. That is why H.R. 244 simply says you have 7 days to update the list, number one. Number two, it says that patients will not be forced by PBMs to use a PBMowned pharmacy, an obvious conflict of interest. 
PBM on mail order pharmacies may charge plans more, as much as 83 percent more, to fill prescriptions than community pharmacies. 
on this from day one. Tell me some more about what you are hearing out there. 
of all, I want to thank Mr. CARTER . It 
is testimonials like his that I have been hearing for the last 10 years, since I have been in Congress, since I first went to an independent community pharmacist, and you spoke with such great passion. 
Every single person like you in my district can tell me the same things that you have told me. That is why I am on these bills. That is why I am talking tonight about these issues. 
that you have as a pharmacist. The closest I ever got to a pharmacy, other than picking up my prescription drugs, before I got into Congress was when I was 16 and 17 years old. I was a delivery boy for Greenville Pharmacy in Sioux City, Iowa, which, by the way, still exists, since 1969. Actually, longer ago than that it was established. But I would deliver prescription drugs to folks, especially to the elderly who 
couldn’t get out of their home, who couldn’t get to the pharmacy. 
said. It is about making sure ultimately. And as a Member of Congress, my job is to make sure that folks have access to affordable quality health care. 
such an important role, whether it is with medication therapy management or just simply consulting on an informal basis with someone who comes in and has a lot of different prescriptions and is confused by what to take and when to take them. 
job. And if we lost that service, as you said, because of unfair business practices, because of being squeezed by the big guys—and it doesn’t make any sense at all for that to happen—then patients would suffer in the end. 
pieces of legislation, two of these that have been mentioned already. 244, which Mr. COLLINS just mentioned 
again, to make sure that everyone understands what it is about, it is a measure that will increase transparency of generic drug payment rates in Medicare part D and the Federal Employees Health Benefits program, which serves a lot of folks, as we know, millions of folks, and in the TRICARE pharmacy program by requiring those PBMs, one, to provide pricing updates at least once every 7 days. That doesn’t seem like a lot to ask, to me, and I am sure it doesn’t seem like a lot to ask for you; number two, disclose the sources used to update that MAC list and to notify pharmacies of any changes in individual drug prices before these prices can be used as a basis of reimbursement. This is complete common sense. That is why there are Republicans and Democrats alike on this bill, and I hope we can move this bill forward. 
pass something not quite this comprehensive, but something similar to this, because in Iowa folks understand what these PBMs are doing and what those independent community pharmacists are up against. 
H.R. 592 that was already referenced, again, a bipartisan piece of legislation, has got 218 cosponsors. If memory serves me, that is exactly the number we need, if everybody votes, to pass a piece of legislation in this body. We could get it done. If we brought it to the floor, we could get it done. 
Maybe we ought to do a discharge petition. Sorry. I don’t mean to create too many anxieties there with you folks. But, nonetheless, we have got to get this thing done. It is about making sure that our pharmacists are able to continue to deliver the kind of quality health care. 
Look, whatever we decide at the Federal level when it comes to utilizing pharmacists to their full potential, this legislation does stipulate that nothing 
Because I know that a lot of folks in 
other professions have concerns about that, that pharmacists are going to go too far. Well, they are not going to. If States have laws in place about scope of practice, this legislation will not override that. 
agree and others who have been so active on these issues would agree—it is about making sure that folks get the quality care that they need. 
these rural areas—95 percent of the folks in Iowa are within 5 miles of an independent community pharmacist—if they close down those pharmacies, those folks in my district who depend upon those pharmacies and those pharmacists are going to suffer. That is unacceptable to me. 
so many times we get to talking policy and big picture up here. The bottom line is what we do up here—and when I was in the State legislature, you could 
see it because you were a little bit closer—States are starting to pick up this mantle, as you just said, in Iowa and other States. But it goes back to that feeling of what I call security. 
Now, as I said just a few minutes ago, 
the pharmacist is not the issue. The pharmacist is someone who helps in the curing process. They are part of that. 
happened to watch this to say, ‘‘Why are you bashing pharmacists?’’ We are not bashing pharmacists. What we are taking shots at and what we are trying to find solutions for is an abusive practice that has been set up in the name of saving money at the expense of the patient. That is unacceptable. 
It is time we have a hearing up here 
on those kind of abuses. I call for that. I call for the bills to be brought to the floor. Let’s do those kind of things. We have got 26 cosponsors and growing 
daily on H.R. 244. They are understanding the issue. 
As we go into this thing, one of the 
things that I talked about earlier and I said I was going to come back to was: Live your ‘‘why.’’ You know, think about this. I want everybody to have a choice. If you like going to the big box and getting your bananas, your shotgun shells, and your aspirin at the same place, go for it. That is great. I love it. 
But if you want to go to there and 
then go by and see your pharmacist who opened up, hung a shingle, so to speak, had that American Dream, he sells other things—and in my pharmacy I can get a scoop of ice cream and I sit there and talk and I see people and see life. That is what it is about. It is not about forcing us in. 
our side we have had about health care in general. The government, that is not 
the place. This is an area where we have got our thumb sort of on the scale, and we have got to stop that. I think this is what does that, and your help has been tremendous in that regard. 
things we see in Georgia and I know we have seen it in Iowa—in short, you have a story—I have got stories I am going to probably share a little bit later—just where this is has affected a patient. 
about how they have had customers that have been coming to them for years and then get a disease that they can’t keep the medicine because it is too expensive. Do you have some examples like that where this kind of legislation would help? 
is no question about it. As I said earlier, I am a free market guy. All I want to do is compete, and I want to compete on a level playing field. Let me compete. 
You know, when I first entered pharmacy before PBMs became so vogue and became such a big part of this, it was pretty easy in the sense of being in business in pharmacy because all you had to do was be nice to the people. 
I mean, it was about customer service. It was about taking care of the patient, and that is what we are talking about—taking care of the patient. 
I told you earlier I have had generations of families who trade with me— grandparents, parents. 
jump in right here on this, and if you have a story, we will talk about it. 
and we were discussing medication. I knew the doctor—I could call—but my first call was to my pharmacist because I said I knew I could get him; I knew he would answer; and at the time—and what was amazing was—my parents didn’t buy their drugs from him, but, yet, he picked up the phone, and he heard my complaint. 
Is that sort of what you see and what 
no question about it. In fact, I have experienced it. 
Look, I have been a community pharmacist, as I said earlier, for 34 years. I have been in business for myself for almost 28 years now. I live near where my pharmacy is. I live less than 5 miles away from it. I am a member of that community. I was the mayor of that community for 9 years. For 9 years, I was mayor. I served in the State legislature. I represent them now in Congress, and I have gotten calls in the middle of the night. 
been very rewarding for me professionally is when I ran for office and when I would be knocking on doors, and I would introduce myself. ‘‘I know you. I know you. You helped my mother when she was under hospice care. You got up and went to the store and met me there one night and got her medication.’’ Now, let me tell you that that makes you feel good. 
Again, when you get into this, it is about people. 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. It is. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Politics 
and drug stores and people. This is about politics. This is about people. It is those people. It is people. It is policy. 
Pharmacists are among the most respected folks in all of America, and there is a reason for that. 
your judgment about that kind of a transition, and you are finding out about that; but, nonetheless, every single time I go to a pharmacist, it is the same thing—they care. They care about their patients. 
would take forever for me to recount all the stories of all of the pharmacies I have gone to in my congressional district over the last 9 years. I have 24 counties. I have a lot of local pharmacies, as you might imagine, and those pharmacists are among the most respected folks in the community. They are right up there with the clergymen; so that tells you something about them and about their profession and about how folks look up to them and about how folks depend upon them. 
who get called when they are worried about their prescriptions. They are the folks who can be reached the most easily. Other professionals can be reached, but pharmacists are right there at the ready, and that is very important. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. It is. If you are following and tracking, we 
can talk bills, and we can talk regulations, and those are great things; but the bottom line is what is best in the health care arena from the whole perspective. 
CARTER , about talking about the doctor and all the different agencies coming in together. 
the story, for me, of, when you got to the pharmacist, you were getting better. One, I had gotten through the doctor’s office—I had gotten my shot, or I had gotten whatever—but I had gotten to the pharmacist’s. Just give me some medicine. Let me go home. Back then, there was some tasting bad stuff—I don’t know where that came from—but I remember going in, and they would take time, and they would care. 
your districts, you can go in and look at the community pharmacist who was on the square. A lot of them had lunch counters. A lot of them had other things. They sold cards and trinkets. What is amazing to me today is I do not want to see through consolidation and corporate work a system that has a fingerprint on the scale, where government has basically allowed this to happen—to start taking away the centerpieces of American squares. When you start taking away the centerpieces of squares and of lots and of communities, both big and small—when you start doing that—then we are part of the problem. It is time we started educating everybody we can. 
Do you see that? Mr. CARTER of Georgia. I do see 
I want to mention just two things. First of all, as an American taxpayer, 
you can imagine my being in business and having what we call ‘‘taxation without participation.’’ Here we have Medicare part D plans that are paid for and supplemented through the government, which I pay taxes to, but my business is not allowed to participate. I am being taxed. I am paying my taxes and am doing what I am supposed to do. It is being used for a plan that excludes my business. How fair is that? I am not asking for anything special. All I am asking for is an even playing field. 
Another thing that I want to mention is that I have intentionally not mentioned the names of PBMs. There are some good PBMs, and it is not the company that I have the problem with as much as it is the process and the model. I mean, that is very important to understand—we are talking about the model here—but I will tell you this. There have been numerous instances where companies think they are going to be saving money, and the PBMs have misled them into thinking they are going to save money. Let me tell you that these are some of the most profitable businesses around. 
some great PBMs out there that do work. We are not just saying PBMs in general. 
and I have heard this from my pharmacist, and you, I know, have experienced this, and we have talked about it, and Mr. LOEBSACK has as well—my 
pharmacists, my community pharmacists, are scared to say something. They are scared to talk about what is actually going on because they are scared their contracts will get canceled. They are scared that they will get another audit. 
You can’t audit me, and I am going to stand here and talk about it for the pharmacists because they can’t. That is wrong. Anybody who wants to say 
that that is right, I do not understand that; but when you have got pharmacists who are just honest, hardworking people who are trying to run independent businesses and when they are scared to talk about their vendors to work a workable plan, what are we doing here? This should be easy. 
of us. It certainly doesn’t serve any of us in the end, because those folks are the ones who are serving us, and if they are suppressed—if their voices cannot be heard—that stifles competition. It goes back to the market. It stifles competition, and that is not good for any of us in the end. 
things change and when they say that we can’t give input because we are scared, that is just a problem. 
Mr. LOEBSACK. Yes. Thank you, Mr. COLLINS . Thanks 
again for inviting me and Mr. C ARTER . 
learned something tonight from a pharmacist—I always do—and I really appreciate your comments. 
I just want to touch upon sort of the 
issue of the city square. That is so important for so many of our rural districts, as you folks know all too well. It is kind of hard to explain that to our more urban colleagues, but we have to do the best that we can. A pharmacy is so absolutely critical for the economy of a small community. Yes, it is absolutely critical and necessary to serve 
the population in the area, but it is important for the economy as well. 
in Oskaloosa, Iowa. It is off the square a little bit, but it is such an important institution in its own right. Every Christmas, they have wonderful decorations, and they have things to sell for Christmas. I mean, people come to depend upon them to do the kinds of things they have done in providing not just the pharmacy services but other things as well. If they were to go under as a pharmacy, I am not at all sure that they would survive, and that community would suffer as a result. Folks’ choices would be lessened. Their tradition would be hurt. It would be a disaster in many ways for so many of our local communities if those pharmacies were to close down. 
I, for one, am with you. I am not 
willing to accept that. I am going to fight as hard as I possibly can with you, and we are going to do it together, holding hands across the aisle, which, as you know, doesn’t get done a lot around here; but when we can come together, I think it is important for us to do that. So thanks again for organizing this tonight. I appreciate it. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. CARTER, would you like to add just a couple of things? 
quickly. First of all, again, I want to thank 
colleagues—all of you—for participating in this. This has been a great exercise. 
the plaques that the baseball teams give you every year whenever you sponsor a team, and I have got a wall that is just filled with them. Patients come in all the time. ‘‘There I am. I played ball. That was the team I was on,’’ and they point toward it. It was the Carter’s Pharmacy team. 
have you seen sponsoring Little League Baseball teams? I mean, seriously. 
Folks, we are talking about something that is essential to our communities, and this is a dire situation. I am telling you. If this is not fixed soon, you are going to see a whole profession of community pharmacies going by the wayside. This is a matter of survival here. 
Again, we are not asking for a government handout. All we are asking for is to be able to compete. It is to be able to compete in a fair market, in a free market, on a level playing field. Ultimately, the loser here is going to be the patient. If we allow this to happen and community pharmacies go away, the ones who are going to suffer are going to be the patients. 
you how proud I am of my profession, a profession that I chose years ago when I was in high school and when I was a delivery driver. After I realized I was not going to be the athlete that I wanted to be, I decided it was time to get serious and decide on a profession. I did, and I could not be any prouder than the profession I chose of professional pharmacy. Thank you. 
I am going to go back to where we 
started: Live your ‘‘why.’’ Live your ‘‘why.’’ That is all we are asking. Our independent pharmacists and our community pharmacists are just simply saying: Let us have an even playing field. We will play with the big boys. We don’t care. Just let us have our ‘‘why.’’ When we do that, our benefits come to our communities. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, 
H.R. 1735. An act to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, October 21, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3169. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing Captain William W. Wheeler III, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral (lower half), in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 3345 3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
(Political), Food and Drug Administration, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 33453349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Kentucky Regulatory Program [SATS No.: KY253 
Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United 
3211. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s determination on a petition filed on behalf of workers from the Hooker Electrochemical Corporation in Niagara Falls, New York, to be added to the Special Exposure Cohort, pursuant to the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 and 42 C.F.R. pt. 83; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 1428. A bill to extend Privacy Act remedies to citizens of certified states, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–294, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3493. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish the Securing the Cities program to enhance the ability of the United States to detect and prevent terrorist attacks and other high consequence events utilizing nuclear or other radiological materials that pose a high risk to homeland security in highrisk urban areas, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–295). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3350. A bill to require a terrorism threat assessment regarding the transportation of chemical, biological, nuclear, and radiological materials through United States land borders and within the United States, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–296). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3572. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to reform, streamline, and make improvements to the Department of Homeland Security and support the Department’s efforts to implement better policy, planning, management, and performance, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–297). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 598. A bill to provide taxpayers with an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–298). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. H.R. 2320. A bill to provide access to and use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–299). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 480. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 10) to reauthorize the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Act, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 692) to ensure the payment of interest and principal of the debt of the United States (Rept. 114–300). Referred to the House Calendar. 
House Resolution 481. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1937) to require the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness (Rept. 114–301). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1428 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3763. A bill to authorize funds for Federalaid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3764. A bill to provide that an Indian 
group may receive Federal acknowledgment as an Indian tribe only by an Act of Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
with Disabilities Act of 1990 to promote compliance through education, to clarify the requirements for demand letters, to provide for a notice and cure period before the commencement of a private civil action, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3766. A bill to direct the President to 
establish guidelines for United States foreign development and economic assistance programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 3767. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to prohibit the assembly or manufacture of secure credentials or their component parts by the Government Publishing Office; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 3768. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that rates of basic pay for members of the Senior Executive Service are determined on the basis of the position, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3769. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Texas, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R USH, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. H ASTINGS , and Ms. J UDY CHUof California): 
H.R. 3770. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to prevent surprise billing practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within 
H.R. 3771. A bill to establish a procedure in 
the House of Representatives and the Senate to accomplish the policies contemplated by the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, to encourage the timely completion of fiscal policy work in Congress, and to provide for regulatory relief to grow the economy, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, the Judiciary, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NORTON , Mr. K IND, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
H.R. 3772. A bill to reduce childhood obesity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3773. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, relating to the authority of the Secretary of Transportation under the public transportation safety program; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3774. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to apply the debt limit only to debt held by the public and to adjust the debt limit for increases in the gross domestic product; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3775. A bill to amend the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 to provide for a debt stabilization process, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
sense of the House that Congress should recognize the benefits of charitable giving and express support for the designation of #GivingTuesday; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian Tribes) and Clause 7 (related to 
H.R. 3764. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3765. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3766. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article 1, 
H.R. 3767. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3768. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have power [. . .] To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of officer thereof 
H.R. 3769. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of Section 3 of Article IV of the 
U.S. Constitution: The Congress shall have the power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 3770. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3771. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 5, Clause 2 of the United 
States Constitution, which on confers each house of Congress the power to determine the rules of its proceedings; Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 2 of the United States Constitution, which confer on Congress the power to collect and manage revenue for the payment of debts owed by the United States and to borrow money on the credit of the United States; and Article 1, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution, which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. 
H.R. 3772. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3773. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3774. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 3775. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2, Section 8, Article I of the Constitution. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M CGOVERN, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. F ARR, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
COHEN , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. G RAYSON , and Ms. 
H.R. 379: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 546: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
DOYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ASS, Mr. C APUANO, Mr. N EAL, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. 
Mr. K EATING , and Mr. S ESSIONS . 
H.R. 592: Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana, and Mr. C ARTER of Texas. 
H.R. 632: Ms. K USTER , Mr. M EEKS , and Mr. 
H.R. 662: Mr. P ETERSON , Mrs. L UMMIS , and 
H.R. 870: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
H.R. 985: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. G ENEGREEN  
H.R. 997: Mr. A DERHOLT and Mr. M CCAUL. 
H.R. 1019: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1197: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , and 
H.R. 1247: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 1258: Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. N EAL, Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. V ELA, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
H.R. 1282: Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. D UCKWORTH , 
H.R. 1301: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B OST, and Mr. 
LOBIONDO . H.R. 1312: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. K EATING , and 
H.R. 1453: Ms. B ASSand Mr. D ESJARLAIS . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. T OM 
H.R. 1550: Mr. G UINTA , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H ULTGREN and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1568: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , and 
H.R. 1608: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
H.R. 1655: Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. B UCSHON , and 
H.R. 1670: Mr. P ASCRELL and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
H.R. 1728: Ms. L EEand Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1763: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K IND, Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C RAMER , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. P OCAN . 
Mr. H ILL, and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1818: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK and Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. 
H.R. 1859: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. L EWIS. 
H.R. 1877: Mr. C OFFMAN and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 2016: Mr. K EATING , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
H.R. 2224: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. N ORTON . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. F INCHER and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 2493: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. P RICE of North 
Carolina, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, and Mr. 
H.R. 2510: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 2597: Mr. C OFFMAN , Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 2654: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. B EYER , and Ms. K ELLY of Illinois. 
H.R. 2657: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 2697: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 2698: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ASSIE , 
H.R. 2737: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 2764: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 2849: Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. N EAL, Ms. 
VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
CROWLEY , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
MACARTHUR , Mr. V ELA, Mr. B ERA, Mr. S HERMAN, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, and 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. 
H.R. 2867: Miss R ICEof New York and Ms. 
LUMMIS , Mrs. L OVE, and Mr. F INCHER . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S IMPSON , and 
H.R. 2920: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey and Ms. 
H.R. 2987: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. S EAN 
PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. P ERLMUTTER , and Ms. S EWELL of Alabama. 
H.R. 2994: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 3048: Mr. R USSELL and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 3099: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. F ORTENBERRY . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C ALVERT , and 
H.R. 3268: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. K ATKO , and Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
H.R. 3314: Mr. O LSON and Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
H.R. 3326: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. 
H.R. 3355: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. 
H.R. 3364: Mr. W ELCH , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER  
and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 3366: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. F UDGE , and 
WALZ, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. T ONKO , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 3399: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. D ELBENE, 
Mr. G IBSON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. C APUANO , Ms. 
H.R. 3411: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. K EATING , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 3470: Mr. D OLD, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. S MITH 
H.R. 3471: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. R YAN 
of Ohio, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. J ODY B. H ICEof 
H.R. 3480: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 3488: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 3514: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. K ILMER, Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mrs. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. 
H.R. 3520: Ms. B ROWN of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 3526: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
TSONGAS , Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. H ECK of 
H.R. 3556: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. K ILMER. 
H.R. 3591: Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. C OOPER . 
H.R. 3640: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 3651: Ms. G RANGER , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. 
JENKINS of Kansas, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. J ONES , 
Ms. D UCKWORTH , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
COFFMAN , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. D AVID 
SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. M OORE , and Ms. J UDYCHU 
H.R. 3666: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ANNA , and 
H.R. 3669: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
H.R. 3687: Mr. C RAMER and Mr. E MMER of 
H.R. 3696: Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
YARMUTH , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. W ASSERMAN  SCHULTZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
CAPPS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 3733: Mr. G ARAMENDI and Ms. J UDY 
H.R. 3756: Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
of California, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
H.R. 3757: Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. C OSTA , and 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 86: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, 
H. Res. 54: Mr. U PTON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H. Res. 293: Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. 
H. Res. 386: Mr. H ASTINGS and Ms. W ILSON  
H. Res. 428: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. 
H. Res. 429: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. P ETERS , 
H. Res. 467: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. R USH, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Ms. L EE, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. 
SARBANES , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. K EATING , and 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative C HAFFETZ , or a designee, to H.R. 
10, the Scholarships for Opportunity and Results Reauthorization Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Representative ALANLOWENTHAL , or a designee, 
to H.R. 1937, the National Strategic and Critical Minerals Production Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
St. Charles Parish Council, relative to Resolution No. 6182, declaring the St. Charles Parish Council’s and Parish President’s support of and solidarity with all law enforcement personnel across these great United 
States, and to recognize and honor all of the men and women who currently serve or who have served as law enforcement officers, and 
in particular those who serve or have served in St. Charles Parish and the State of Louisiana; which was referred to the Committee 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7309 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 2015 No. 153 