started last week in Dallas, Texas, working with people across the country, but especially from Texas, dealing with transportation needs and their requirements for balanced transportation by pedestrians, streetcar, and especially light rail. Dallas has the most extensive lightrail system in the country. I ended my week in New York City, in Brooklyn, where this vast sprawling economic engine, home to 20 million people in the metropolitan area, was dealing with their transportation needs. 
from Brooklyn, Texas, or around the country, are in agreement with what they need going forward, an important part of which is a renewal and strengthening of the Federal transportation partnership. 
I was pleased to see that we are moving ahead with discussion of the basic framework produced by our friends on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. I commend Mr. SHUSTER  
that is quite strong under these difficult circumstances. It does preserve the basic framework and continue to make improvements not just around the edges. There are potential breakthrough provisions in technology in transportation that could truly be transformational. 
bill flatlines important bike and pedestrian funding, something that is vitally needed in Houston, Indianapolis, Seattle, here in our Nation’s Capital, in suburban Maryland, and communities all across the country. 
The lack of balance in this transportation funding is unfortunate. But I am hoping, through the amendment process and the work between the two Chambers, if it proceeds, that we will be able to correct it. 
continue to tiptoe around the obvious solution to our transportation funding 
crisis. Our transportation partnership is compromised with our State, local, and private sector partners because we pretend that we can meet 2015 transportation needs with 1993 dollars, the last time we raised the gas tax. The refusal to do what Ronald Reagan did in 1982 and the refusal to do what six red Republican States have already done this year—Idaho, Utah, Nebraska, Iowa, South Dakota, Georgia—raising the gas tax, creates unnecessary difficulties. The majority of States have raised 
their revenues over the last 4 years for transportation, and a review of the politicians involved with making these decisions found that those who voted for the revenue increases were actually reelected at a higher percentage than those who voted ‘‘no.’’ 
with good structure and innovation; but until we have meaningful, long term, predictable funding, it is only a wellintended statement. We continue the uncertainty that bedevils people at the State and local levels; and the big projects—multistate, multimodal, multiyear projects—need certainty. 
cents per day for families would be offset by the dramatic plunge in gasoline prices and offset even more through the cost to families for damage to their vehicles of over $500 a year now because of poor road conditions and almost $1,000 a year lost due to congestion. These are real costs that we are inflicting on American families every day unnecessarily. 
stable, meaningful funding for transportation will create millions of familywage jobs all across the country while we get America unstuck and strengthen communities large and small. 
Mr. Speaker, one of the positive elements in this bill that we are discussing is Vision Zero, which asks us to plan for a world where there are no traffic fatalities, a goal that is so important to strive for as we continue to kill 32,000 people a year on our highways and countless more who are injured. 
Zero is the sort of bold step we need, but we should not have a Vision Zero for new revenue. That is not bold. That is not courageous. That doesn’t get the job done. 
next couple of days. I look forward to having Members of Congress consider their alternatives. What are they going to do to make sure we can rebuild and renew this great country? 
This used to be an area of tremendous bipartisan cooperation, leadership, and accomplishment for Congress. I hope it can be so again as we turn to transportation this week. The American public would welcome such a development, and certainly they deserve it. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. JONES ) for 5 minutes. 
to be amazed and disappointed that the Republican Party wants to keep putting money in a black hole. The black hole is known as Afghanistan. 
Pentagon spent $43 million on a single natural gas station in Afghanistan 
when it should have cost no more than $300,000. The Pentagon spent over $30 million in overhead costs to build this one gas station, and the gas station was set up to service a kind of car that a huge majority of Afghans cannot afford. The Pentagon also will not answer any questions about this ridiculous waste of money. 
the hundreds of examples of the waste of the taxpayers’ money in Afghanistan. John Sopko has repeatedly written about the waste in Afghanistan. I don’t know why Congress has continued to fund the waste and fraud in Afghanistan. 
budget deal that increased defense spending over the next 2 years by over $80 billion a year. I did not vote for this bill. We already have a national debt of over $18 trillion, and I cannot, in good conscience, vote to add $1.5 trillion to the debt. 
into the Overseas Contingency Operation fund, which is a slush fund for spending money in unauthorized wars in the Middle East. I am for rebuilding our military, but I am not in favor of the waste in Afghanistan. 
President Obama signed us up for 9 more years in Afghanistan when he signed the bilateral security agreement last year. On Friday, he announced that he is putting American troops on the ground in Syria in an openended mission. This is a waste of money and a waste of lives. It needs to stop, and Congress has the power to stop it; but we will not use our constitutional authority to even debate what he is doing in the Middle East. 
from time to time. I look at the deaths of so many men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan who serve our Nation, and it breaks my heart. 
Mr. Speaker, we still have Americans dying in Afghanistan, but it doesn’t make the papers anymore. We had a soldier from Fort Bragg—which is not in my district, but it is in North Carolina—who was killed in Iraq last week. 
today because it tells the story much better than my words could ever tell the story about war. It is a lady holding her little girl’s hand. The little girl has her finger in her mouth, and she is wondering why her daddy is in a flag draped coffin. I don’t know what to tell that little girl. All I can tell that little girl is that Congress is indifferent to sending our young men and women to die in the Middle East. 
constitutional responsibility and have a debate and a vote on the floor of the 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
September I visited Honduras as part of a delegation organized by the Washington Office on Latin America. Last month I spoke about the violence and extreme poverty that force families and young people to flee the country. Today I want to focus on another urgent issue, namely, how to confront the pervasive corruption in Honduras. 
We heard about the problem of corruption everywhere, from the U.N., the President of Honduras, and the U.S. Ambassador, to community leaders and NGOs with expertise in justice and human rights. Everyone wanted to talk about the seemingly intractable problem of endemic corruption in Honduras. 
are deep and longstanding. They encompass state actors, criminal networks, and powerful political and economic interests. But after a scandal revealed that government officials had stolen more than $350 million from the country’s Social Security fund, which provides public health services as well as old age pensions, and that some of the money had gone to the electoral campaign of the President’s political party, there has been a huge public outcry, demanding action to end widespread corruption. 
marched in the streets over the past months, calling for an international independent commission to investigate corruption and impunity, based on the model of the CICIG in Guatemala, but tailored to Honduran reality. This unprecedented movement is led by young people, organized on social media, and called the Indignados. 
these young leaders. They are thoughtful, politically diverse, and united in their desire to see their country rid of corruption. They now face threats for what they are doing, and I hope that the Honduran Government is doing all it can to ensure their safety and their freedom of association and not turning a blind eye to the threats targeting them and their families. 
When we met with President Hernandez, he argued that he had taken significant steps to go after corruption. I take the President seriously, and I look forward to seeing concrete results from the actions he has already announced. I also met with NGOs, including the Association of Judges for Democracy, that work on judicial, legal, and transparency issues, who unanimously felt much more must be done. 
At the height of the protest movement, President Hernandez called for a national dialogue on how to address the problem of corruption, asking the United Nations and the Organization of 
American States to help facilitate the process and develop a consensus of what needed to be done. 
the dialogue process was not as inclusive as it could have been. The U.N. was sidelined, while the OAS carried out a quick series of discussions before developing a proposal for the President. Many were concerned not only that the OAS hadn’t consulted widely enough, but that its actions fell short of the thoughtful and impartial mediation needed to generate confidence in any forthcoming proposal. 
its proposal to President Hernandez. After studying this proposal, I have concluded that it is woefully inadequate to addressing corruption and impunity, and reforming the weak judicial institutions of Honduras. This is not just my opinion. 
Last week, on October 28, a broad coalition of Honduran civil society, the Coalition Against Impunity, issued a statement declaring that the mission proposed by the OAS and the government is, itself, an obstacle to creating a genuine independent commission that can truly tackle the rampant corruption and impunity in Honduras. 
issued a similar critique, pointing out the weaknesses of the OAS proposal to independently investigate crimes of corruption and ensure their prosecution. 
Honduras and recent statements by Honduran civil society that any such commission must be wholly independent from the government politically and financially, that it must have the mandate and staffing to carry out investigations of crimes of corruption and impunity and the freedom to pursue those investigations wherever the evidence warrants. It must also have the mandate and ability to work independently with state prosecutors and investigators to bring such crimes to justice. 
round of judicial studies and technical assistance or a board of international mentors, as proposed by the OAS. Such a limited proposal not only lacks the broad support and confidence of Honduran civil society, but it also falls far short of what is required to break the culture of impunity in Honduras. 
I hope the OAS proposal can be modified and strengthened and its mandate expanded to establish an effective and truly independent mechanism that can fully investigate corruption and have a role in prosecutions or an alternative advanced that can meet these requirements. I hope that a new proposal includes close cooperation with the U.N. 
I further believe that U.S. and international aid needs to be carefully calibrated to link assistance to progress on human rights and ending corruption, including a truly independent commission with the full power of investigation into corruption and impunity and 
the ability to be part of the prosecution of those charged with such crimes. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to share a growing concern in our country, which is that one of our founding principles, our freedom of religion, is being taken away. 
Constitutional Convention, the signing of the Constitution at Independence Hall in Philadelphia on September 17, 1787. The very First Amendment to that Constitution, the very first one, our Founding Fathers solidified our citizens’ right to freedom of religion. 
shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.’’ 
laid out in our Constitution, we have seen Federal, State, and local governments continue to violate our founding principles. 
of religious liberty was recently rehighlighted by His Eminence Pope Francis. The Little Sisters of the Poor have been fighting an ongoing battle against ObamaCare’s contraception mandate. These Catholic nuns are forced under ObamaCare to provide contraception to their employees, even though their faith tells them that this is morally wrong. 
force these nuns to violate their religious liberties to comply with the will of the President and his allies. These are Catholic nuns trying to take care of poor people, and the government is getting in their way and imposing on their religious values. 
a resident of the city of Atlanta. Chief Cochran was appointed by President Obama in 2009 as the U.S. Fire Administrator for the United States Fire Administration before returning to become the fire chief of Atlanta. He came under attack for his Christian beliefs. 
Elizabeth Baptist Church, where he leads a men’s Bible study. His faith inspired him to write the book called ‘‘Who Told You That You Were Naked?’’, a book that explains and examines the state of man since the fall of Adam. 
discusses the clear biblical teaching that sex is reserved for marriage between a man and a woman. Kelvin had 
30 years of distinguished service, including under the Obama administration, when he was fired for sharing his faith. 
Sadly, these types of religious freedom violations are happening in my own district in the State of West Virginia. 
Almost a year ago, a high school student who is a Christian, in Buckhannon, West Virginia, was forced by his teachers in his public high school to attend a lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender club, and then he was punished for expressing that he did not want to attend the club on the grounds that it went against his religious beliefs. 
promote tolerance, yet display such an intolerance towards those with traditional religious values, is stunning. These are just a few examples. These attacks know no boundaries. They are not based on political party, race, sex, or ethnicity. These attacks go after everyone in America. 
Mr. Speaker, we need to let the citizens of our great country know that we disapprove of these continued infringements on our religious freedom. 
me in signing on to my resolution, which I plan to introduce tomorrow, to express the sense of the House of Representatives that Federal, State, and local governments should not infringe on the ability of citizens to act in accordance with their sincerely held religious beliefs. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Americans throughout the country will celebrate Veterans Day. In cities and towns and hamlets, which all of us come from, we will take the time to thank and to honor those men and women who have served our Nation so nobly, to protect our freedoms and to keep this country safe, safe from all harm, foreign and domestic. 
in their service to our country, and we must also remember those men and women who are today serving in Active Duty in harm’s way throughout the world. 
honor two veterans who passed away this last September, who I worked with closely and who were community leaders, Charlie Waters and Earl Watson, both gentlemen who exemplified what is the best and the brightest our Nation has to offer. 
him, ‘‘Earl, the Pearl,’’ was a World War II veteran. After the war, he moved to Los Angeles, where he worked as a doorman in the famous Hotel Knickerbocker. During a difficult time in our Nation’s history, during World War II, when segregation was still in many places the law of the land, Earl was most proud that he could serve his Nation. He wrote a biography titled ‘‘Earl ‘The Pearl’ Watson: Doorman to the Stars.’’ But what he was most proud of was his service to our Nation. 
a friendly demeanor, and an eagerness to help those in need. Anytime a veteran ever came to him or a veterans organization had a problem, he was there to be helpful. Earl told me, when we were able to retrieve his medals that he had earned during his service to our country, that the proudest moment of all the many things he had done in his life was his service to our country. 
years, Melba; his children, Alan and Coleen; and grandchildren, Eric, Ashley, and Jonathan, who he was so, so very proud of. 
all miss in the San Joaquin Valley is Charlie Waters, who served in the United States Marine Corps during the Korean war. Charlie, as he was affectionately known by all, never ever stopped fighting on behalf of veterans. 
I worked closely with him for many years, from working to get recognition for Hmong veterans to advocating for the funding of the opening of the veterans home that we successfully did that provides residence to those who deserve it. As a matter of fact, in Charlie’s last days, he was able to stay there. 
not only throughout the Valley, but the Nation. But he did not stop there: supporting the Veterans Administration Hospital in Fresno and providing support for their efforts; organizing and helping continue the Veterans Day parade, which is one of the largest veterans parades in the entire nation that is shown on Armed Services Television; and individuals. No problem was too big or too small, as long as a veteran was there who needed Charlie’s help. 
Earl very much for all that they have done and all that they exemplified in terms of honor, duty, and service to country. Charlie is survived by his wife, Cathy; and children, Charlie Waters, III, Karen, and Jennifer. 
time to recognize those leaders, those leaders who made a difference during their lives in serving our country. They are both shining examples of those who always—always—cared first and foremost for our Nation. 
week around the country, in towns and hamlets and cities throughout the Nation, we should think about all these veterans. We should think about the men and women who have served our Nation today in Active Duty. Never ever forget to say thank you for their service to a grateful Nation. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, since first being elected to serve the citizens of Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District, I have had the honor to represent both the Allegheny National Forest and Pennsylvania’s historic Oil Region, where the commercial oil industry began in 1859. This region of north central Pennsylvania was built on our natural resources, and this legacy remains a deep part of our heritage. 
about because of the city of Titusville, which has been aptly nicknamed ‘‘the valley that changed the world.’’ It was there in 1859 that Colonel Edwin Drake drilled the world’s first commercial oil well, which set the wheels in motion for the worldwide commercial use of petroleum. Some 60 years following Colonel Drake’s historic well, the Allegheny National Forest was created in nearby Warren, Elk, Forest, and McKean Counties. 
national forest is intrinsically connected to the prosperity of our communities. A mixed use of oil and gas production, timbering, hardwood research, recreation, and tourism make the Allegheny National Forest unique to the East Coast and truly a treasure for the midAtlantic region. 
In the Allegheny, more than 90 percent of the mineral rights are owned by the private sector. With the long history in oil and gas development in the region, private landowners had the foresight to reserve their mineral rights when the Federal Government acquired these surface lands. 
national governmentrun oil company. There has long been an understanding in our great country that, when it comes to resources, and specifically energy development, the private sector does it better. For generations, this arrangement successfully operated with oil and gas development taking place in the Allegheny National Forest. 
some opponents of production made attempts to mandate new regulations or limit access to the private mineral rights through numerous lawsuits. After years of litigation, a Federal court rightfully ruled in favor of the private landowners maintaining reasonable access to their property. 
ruled that the United States Forest Service lacks regulatory authority over these private mineral rights. Similar rulings and new regulations that would seek to limit production have also been issued. 
Today, I am introducing the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015, and I ask my colleagues who believe in the importance of private property and private property rights to join me as cosponsors. We need to provide clarity and continue to respect the longstanding importance of 
This legislation will set the tone for addressing other cases dealing with these rights. 
protecting private property and private property rights by cosponsoring the Cooperative Management of Mineral Rights Act of 2015. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ) for 5 minutes. 
would like to address an issue of critical importance to our Nation’s security: the Long Range Strike Bomber. 
relied on the ability to respond quickly to any threats to our national security anywhere in the world. The bedrock of this strategy has always been the strategic bomber. 
that Northrop Grumman would be producing our next strategic bomber for future generations. Potential adversaries are deterred because only the United States possesses the capability to strike any target in the world with precision weapons within 24 hours. 
and the Secretary of the Air Force made the announcement that Northrop Grumman won the contract to build the Long Range Strike Bomber. This bomber will be produced in my district. The B–1, the B–2, and now the Long Range Strike Bomber will all follow in the same role of being built in the Antelope Valley in southern California. 
the men and women of Northrop Grumman on this contract. I have seen firsthand the work that Northrop Grumman employees do in support of our men and women in uniform at Plant 42 
in my district. I am here to congratulate them on the opportunity to bring the expertise and commitment to the Long Range Strike Bomber. 
country. It means thousands of jobs to southern California, in a muchneeded area in my district where jobs are very scarce. Both Plant 42 and the many surrounding small businesses Northrop Grumman will have a contract with will have support in this area. 
The road that led to Tuesday’s announcement was a long one paved with hard work by many people in our community and State. The Antelope Valley has long since been the home to the aerospace industry and has built B–1s, B–2s, all of the space shuttles, and currently builds the F–35. Naturally, it would be a good selection for the next bomber being built there. 
F–16, B–1, or B–2 will be flying over the Antelope Valley in their test missions. I am confident that the Long Range Strike Bomber will help us continue this legacy, and I thank everyone who has helped bring its production to our community. The Air Force has called the Long 
Range Strike Bomber a top modernization priority, and there are sobering facts behind that. Today, only 10 percent of our Nation’s bomber force is capable of penetrating sophisticated adversary air defense systems. The average age of our bomber fleet is 32 years old, with most of our bombers more than 45 years old. Only the B–2 stealth bomber, proudly built, maintained, and modernized in my district, can penetrate advanced air defenses; however, we only have 20 B–2s. 
of expertise designing, building, delivering, and modernizing the B–2 stealth bomber at Plant 42, I know the men and women who work there are incredibly qualified to build our Nation’s next longrange strike aircraft. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
wave of strong bipartisan opposition, after being stayed by two Federal courts, the administration is still pushing its flawed waters of the United States regulatory expansion. However, this week, the Senate will finally consider rejecting this regulatory overreach. 
their plan as a minor clarification, it is, in fact, the most sweeping expansion of Federal regulatory authority in our Nation’s history. 
State of California demonstrates exactly how far the EPA’s proposal would reach. Fully 95 percent of California, depicted in black, would fall under EPA’s jurisdiction, though you will notice that the city of San Francisco, in white, does not. That is because San Francisco, the source of so much of this excessive regulatory mindset, long ago paved over every waterway in the city, and who knows what is in the runoff rainwater flowing off the streets of that city. 
by the EPA’s plan. Virtually every business and homeowner in the State would be faced with regulation at the whim of Federal bureaucrats under a rule written to ensure that the EPA has any jurisdiction anytime it wants. 
Do we really believe the Federal Government should play a role in local 
land use decisions, even down to whether individual homes could be expanded? This is exactly the power the EPA claims that it needs. Dry streambeds, manmade ditches, even temporary puddles which exist only during rainstorms are all locations over which the EPA wishes to claim jurisdiction. Even Imperial County, a desert with virtually no natural waterways, would fall under the EPA’s control with this plan. 
just that the EPA is seeking to expand its authority. That is the nature of any 
bureaucracy, and it is to be expected from this administration. Most concerning is that we can’t even trust the EPA with authority to regulate navigable waterways it already has or to respect exemptions included in the Clean Water Act. 
residents have experienced regulatory actions so ludicrous that we can’t make them up. In Tehama County, a farmer was fined for planting wheat in a manner that the government claimed damaged socalled navigable waters, which begs the question anyway: What is or what should be determined to be a navigable waterway? Is it a puddle or is it something you can actually run a boat up and down? 
Never mind that the farm I mentioned has been recognized as a wheat allotment by the USDA for decades or that the farmer had simply been continuing to farm the land exactly as it has been farmed for generations. Instead, government bureaucrats wanted this activity stopped, and they used their power to prevent this farming activity. 
used the Clean Water Act to attack a family farm for shifting to a more efficient irrigation system—yes, for shifting to more efficient irrigation system. One might think that is a laudable goal, especially during a drought period in California in the West, but the government claimed this activity would negatively impact the Sacramento River, which is a full 7 miles away from this farm and unconnected to that farm by any waterway. 
the government sanctioned farmers for activities that are clearly exempt under the Clean Water Act as specified by Congress, who makes the laws. Even in the EPA’s only early draft, they exempted mud puddles, but they just couldn’t quite leave them out. They had to include them as well in their regulation. 
The ongoing efforts of the administration to ignore exemptions for normal farming activities like planting crops and maintaining irrigation systems are in clear violation of the Clean Water Act, as written by Congress. In fact, language I sponsored to defund this sort of regulation of exempt activities was passed by both Houses last year and signed into law in December, yet the EPA persists in its illegal activities. 
trust Federal agencies to judiciously use authority they already hold, when we can’t trust agencies to follow clear congressional direction, how can we possibly consider granting or allowing them even more power? 
House in rolling back this proposal and remind this administration that Congress writes the law, not bureaucrats. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) for 5 minutes. 
decorated Army officer, colon cancer took Justin’s life far too soon, but not before he made an incredible mark on his community and his fellow veterans. 
suffered thoughts of suicide. He actually went so far as to put an M–4 rifle in his mouth. But, thank God, he never pulled the trigger. 
victory over his suicidal thoughts, but another battle was just beginning for Justin. He was diagnosed with colon cancer. He waged a 3year battle fighting that disease. Despite a grim prognosis, he used his attention to shed light on a mounting issue that he knew all too well. At the time, on average, 22 veterans were committing suicide a day. That is about 8,000 a year. 
be done. And so in between his chemotherapy treatments and surgeries, he took part in long ruck marches. He teamed up with veteran prevention organizations and freely gave out his number to any soldier who approached him who also had thoughts of suicide. Major Fitch, fighting the battle of his life with cancer, was also giving his time to help save other veterans who were suffering with suicidal thoughts. 
hometown of Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, on October 3. He was 33 years old. His personal battle may be over, but his fight marches on. As Justin would say: ‘‘It’s okay to seek help. You can get help. Look at me.’’ 
a grateful Nation, we are thankful for your service and your sacrifice and your commitment to our veterans. May God bless you. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
this Monday, November 9, marks the 77th anniversary of Kristallnacht, the Night of Broken Glass. 
The Greater Miami Jewish Federation will be commemorating this tragic and horrible event with a community rally on Sunday, November 15, at 4 p.m., at the Holocaust Memorial Miami Beach. 
of one of humanity’s darkest periods: the Holocaust. It serves as a solemn reminder of what can happen when people allow antiSemitism, incitement to violence, and hatred to carry on unabated. 
Night of Broken Glass? 267 synagogues were destroyed. 7,500 Jewishopened 
businesses were looted and were vandalized. Up to 30,000 Jews were arrested. Almost 100 Jews were killed, not to mention the untold number of violent attacks that took place that night. 
only got worse from there, as Nazis would go on to murder 6 million Jews over the next few years because they were members of the Jewish faith. 
Jewish Federation on Sunday, November 15, to stand united with our community to vow never again. 
HONORING THE DEPRESSION AND BIPOLAR SUP PORT ALLIANCE OF KENDALL AND CORAL GA BLES 
today I would like to honor the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance of Kendall and Coral Gables for supporting individuals who are suffering from these diseases in South Florida. 
The stigma that surrounds depression and bipolar disorder is not only unfair, but it discourages people from seeking the help that they so desperately need. 
In the United States alone, depression impacts 21 million adults. It costs $23 billion in lost work productivity. Depression impacts our families, our coworkers, our neighbors, our friends. 
Alliance of Kendall and Coral Gables is a unique, peerdirected organization that pairs those afflicted with depression with role models who have been down that road before to help them regain stability and focus. 
with the Depression and Bipolar Support Alliance of Kendall and Coral Gables for being valuable members of our community and for the important and inspiring work that each staff member and professional does. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
We thank You for Your ongoing presence and sustaining grace in us all, and Your concern for our Nation. Continue to bless and inspire the men and women who serve in the people’s 
movement that has occurred, and may the hopes and prayers of the American people, and indeed the world, for healthy and productive legislation be met with results inspired by Your spirit. 
faith. May the good intentions of all acting in this Chamber be rewarded by solutions to our struggles that benefit our Nation. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
week the House finally came to its senses and overwhelmingly passed the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. I am encouraged to see that it has been included in the longterm highway bill we will be considering this week. 
American businesses gain access to critical markets overseas and is a vital piece of our export strategy. But thanks to the vocal minority, the Bank’s charter expired for the first time in its history on July 1. 
Boeing or GE. It hurts small businesses, many of which are minority and womenowned. 
Im transactions directly supported small businesses without costing taxpayers a penny. That is why I urge all 313 Members who voted for ExIm reauthorization to oppose any attempts in the highway bill that significantly weaken or eliminate the Bank. 
stop standing on the sidelines and start standing up for American workers and exporters. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
as a member of the Diabetes Caucus to recognize November as Diabetes Awareness Month. 
suffer from diabetes. This disease is the seventhleading cause of death in the United States. 
help educate people to understand their risk factors and that we educate people on how to prevent the disease by living healthier lives. 
for diabetes, there is no cure. I was proud to help introduce the 21st Century Cures Act, which provides critical funding to the National Institutes of Health so that they can continue their innovative research into diabetes and other diseases. Mr. Speaker, we spend $330 billion each and every year treating diabetes. We need to find a cure. 
I am also proud to be a cosponsor of 
the Treat and Reduce Obesity Act, which will help seniors manage obesity, one of the leading causes of type 2 diabetes. I look forward to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle and advocates across the country to continue helping patients fight this disease. VETERANS AND CONSUMER 
Wednesday is Veterans Day, and we will recognize and thank the millions of men and women who have put their lives on the line for our freedom. 
served is to make certain that our veterans—and all Americans—are protected from predatory payday lenders, who leave them saddled with insurmountable debt. That is why I am speaking out today to urge the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to pass strong rules that protect veterans and all Americans from these harmful practices. 
predatory lenders prey on consumers who have fallen on hard times. When consumers cannot pay back the loans, with fees and interest rates that can dwarf the amount of the underlying loan, they find themselves in financial ruin. 
The CFPB must act quickly to develop rules to protect veterans and all Americans. 
today to thank an incredible American family in my district. The Franklin family of Richland Parish made a generous donation to our Nation’s heroes. The family has given 50 acres of land to develop the Northeast Louisiana Veterans Cemetery. 
family, was a veteran himself, a member of the Greatest Generation. In World War II, George served in the Eighth Air Force, European Theater. He was a tail gunner. He flew over 35 missions in a B–17. He earned six air medals, four battle stars, and a Presidential citation. 
true American commitment to serve, and this gift from their family to the veterans is yet just another example of that service. The cemetery will officially open next week—on time—with the first internment on Veterans Day. 
much to Louisiana. I commend them for this honorable contribution to those who gave so much for us. 
Williams was just 5 years old when she was beaten to death by her own father after suffering months of abuse at 
home. Despite multiple reports to officials at the Army base in Hawaii where Talia and her father lived, the system failed to protect her. 
over 29,000 cases of child abuse and neglect in military homes over the last decade. This is a problem that demands better protections for our children in military families who are being abused and better support for military families facing the stresses of war, multiple deployments, and economic hardship. 
which requires military officials to immediately report suspected cases of abuse to State child protective services. We owe it to our servicemembers, their families, and thousands of children like Talia to disrupt the status quo and stop another decade of preventable child abuse. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I come today to honor the Newnan Coweta Chamber of Commerce on being named the Nation’s Chamber of the Year by the Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives. 
and friends of this chamber are what makes this organization so successful and, in turn, allow our small businesses to continue to be successful. 
County is fortunate to have many businessowners who have achieved the American Dream by opening their own business. 
how investing in our local community and economy can have great impact throughout the area. And I mean not just the store owners, but the loyal customers who buy and source local goods and services. Healthy small businesses mean a healthy local economy and stable jobs for our community. 
for providing guidance, advocacy, and encouragement to our businesses as we fight our way out of a struggling economy and back onto a path for prosperity. 
NewnanCoweta Chamber on being the number one chamber of commerce as named by the ACCE’s Chamber of the Year, and I wish you the best for continued success. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to express my support and optimism for the U.N. Climate Change Conference, or COP 21, which will be held in Paris next month. 
parties submitted Intended Nationally Determined Contributions, laying out the actions they intend to take to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. These pledges cover 86 percent of global emissions. 
from the United States, the European Union, China, and other major developing nations. We have also seen incredible support from the private sector. 
Fortune 500 companies, have made commitments to the American Business Act on Climate Pledge. Many businesses recognize that acting on climate change is not only the morally right thing to do, but the economically right thing to do, also. 
incredible first step that could be built upon with even more ambitious goals in the coming years because the bottom line in climate change is too big to tackle alone. 
We need global cooperation from governments and businesses, and the United States must be a leader, demanding bold action to take on the very real threats we face. 
national security, our economy, and our environment. I wish good luck to our negotiating team. 
today to congratulate the Mason High School marching band, which was selected to participate in the Rose Bowl parade on New Year’s Day. Only 20 high school bands are selected from across the country each year to participate in this highly prestigious event. 
four consecutive titles as the top high school band in all of Ohio. They also finished fifth in the national competition, becoming only the second band from southwest Ohio to ever play in the Rose Bowl parade. 
have put in a lot of hard work for this onceinalifetime opportunity, and I have no doubt that they will perform magnificently. 
around the world in 115 countries. So this is a great opportunity to show the world the talented students from southwest Ohio. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to wish the students, the parents, the teachers, and all of Mason High School the best as they travel and perform and make our community proud. Go, Comets. CELEBRATING DIWALI 
(Mr. BERA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Diwali. The annual festival of lights is celebrated by more than 2 million Indian Americans and more than 1 billion people worldwide. 
Tomorrow more than a thousand Indian Americans will descend on Capitol Hill to celebrate Diwali. It is an opportunity to celebrate the accomplishments of the South Asian community, accomplishments in business, technology, health care, and academics. 
All across this Nation, in communities small and large, you will see those smallbusiness owners, those academics, those doctors. It is a chance to give back to a country that has provided so much opportunity to immigrants over the generations, including the Indian American community. 
so much, it is great to see them participating in the political process, celebrating those accomplishments, and giving back to a country that means so much to us. 
celebrate who we are as Americans. Let’s celebrate a dynasty of immigrants, one successive generation after another, moving this country forward. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
fall, it means it is time for another Edina High School girls tennis State title. For the 19th year in a row, the Hornets won the Minnesota State championship. This year concluded with a very hardfought victory over Prior Lake. 
year’s title was never a sure thing, as the team needed to rebound from an early season loss. Led by strong performances in singles by Sophia Reddy and in doubles by Katie Engelking and Nicole Copeland, the Hornets came out with a 5–2 victory. 
commitment from these athletes as they compete at a high level year in and year out while still excelling in school and setting aside time for family and other commitments. The parents, family members, friends, fans, and coaches are all very proud of what they have accomplished. 
High School girls tennis team for winning the State championship. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise 
today to honor the life of a beloved Fort Worth educator, veteran, and civil rights activist, Mr. Robert E. Starr. 
School and was the first in his family to attend college. While he was in college, he was drafted into the military and served as a medic during World War II, a time when the Army was still segregated. There were two Armies: one Black and one White. Mr. Starr saw some things that he shared with us that I will never forget. 
Texas College in Tyler, he got his master’s degree at Texas Southern University. He worked in the Fort Worth schools. He became known as a civil rights activist that was passionate about issues in the community. Mr. Starr was also employed at the FAA as a diversity manager, worked for the City of Fort Worth as an affirmative action manager, and worked as an investigator for the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Mr. Starr was also dedicated to the NAACP. 
Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church on the north side of Fort Worth. He was also a very proud resident of the north side of Fort Worth. 
had a daughter that was severely disabled, and they were 100 percent dedicated to her. She died a few years ago. 
community. He was at every event and did so much for everyone. He was literally a friend to everybody that he ever met. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Woody Woodside for his outstanding service with the BrunswickGolden Isles Chamber of Commerce. 
the chamber of commerce, Woody has dedicated his life to the success of Brunswick and the Golden Iles, making countless trips to Washington, D.C., for the benefit of southeast Georgia. But his service and leadership go far beyond his chamber presidency. 
1970 and is a retired officer with 23 years of service to the Georgia National Guard. In addition, he served as a congressional staff member for 14 years to two of my predecessors, Congressman ‘‘Bo’’ Ginn and Congressman Lindsay Thomas. 
his country and his community. I am very lucky to call him a constituent, but I am luckier to call him a friend. 
service to the Golden Isles, the First Congressional District of Georgia, the great State of Georgia, and our country. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Americans will celebrate Veterans Day and honor the sacrifices of the men and women who have served this Nation, but one group of veterans has gone unrecognized far too long. 
merchant mariners braved troubled seas to deliver supplies to the battlefields of Europe and the Pacific. They faced enemy attack and suffered a casualty rate higher than any other uniformed service. 
Unfortunately, the World War II Merchant Marine veterans were never eligible for benefits under the GI Bill and were long excluded even from Veterans Day celebrations. Many of these merchant mariners are now well into their eighties and nineties and have yet to receive the honor and appreciation they deserve. 
calling once again on my colleagues to pass H.R. 563, legislation that will provide the fewer than 5,000 surviving World War II Merchant Marine veterans with a onetime $25,000 payment as a token of this Nation’s appreciation. 
their districts celebrating Veterans Day, I hope that what I have said today will prick their conscience. Despite their sacrifice, despite their patriotism, one group of veterans has not been celebrated. Our merchant mariners deserve so much more. It is time to pass H.R. 563. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today, I stand to remember a much loved Tennesseean. 
in Tennessee, his service spanned far past the borders of our State and into the lives and homes of all Americans. To my family and to many in middle Tennessee, Fred Thompson was a neighbor, a friend, and a trusted political voice. 
all, especially those in his hometown of Lawrenceburg, Tennessee, a town he never forgot, a town and her people that he credited with teaching him life lessons and giving him the perspective he carried with him throughout life. Those smalltown Tennessee lessons helped mold him into the incredible man that he was, with a legacy that will never be forgotten. I appreciate all he did on behalf of our State, our Nation, and the cause of freedom. 
wife, Jeri, and all the Thompson family. He will be missed. VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I joined Lackawanna Mayor Geoff Szymanski, a United States Navy veteran, to recognize Veterans Small Business Week and promote startup workshops for veterans, hosted by the Small Business Administration. 
Every year, more than 200,000 servicemembers transition to the civilian workforce, and our Nation must make that transition as smooth as possible, not only out of gratitude, but because our veterans are some of the most industrious and determined citizens, which gives them the ability to make an outsized contribution to our economy. 
Hardhats, which connects veterans with apprenticeships in the building and construction trades; and that is why Congress must remove the expiration dates for GI Bill education benefits so that veterans can receive the career training they earned and deserve. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
was Breast Cancer Awareness Month, and millions of Americans joined our fight against a disease that strikes one out of every eight women in our country. 
thousands of Granite Staters who have family and friends suffering from breast cancer, or who suffer from it themselves. My mother is a breast cancer survivor. Her courageous battle is my inspiration in Congress. 
cosponsor legislation that would encourage the government and private sector to work together to find a cure. Thanks to the hard work of Nancy Ryan and the New Hampshire Breast Cancer Coalition, which recently marked its 20th anniversary, that cure is even closer today. 
cause of death among women in the United States. Every October, we honor and remember those who have died and those who are living with breast cancer. We acknowledge the hard work of the medical professionals and caregivers, and we recommit ourselves to finding a solution that will save lives. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to speak in recognition of the first National Apprenticeship Week. As always, it is an honor to join my good friend and colleague, Representative G.T. THOMPSON from Pennsylvania, 
who will be speaking next. I want to thank him for his bipartisan leadership on career and technical education issues. As cochairs of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, G.T. and I are committed to expanding apprenticeships so that every American has the skills necessary to succeed in their chosen career. 
to grow in the United States, Germany and Switzerland have long been recognized as global leaders in this field. Last month, I convened a CTE Caucus field hearing in Rhode Island, bringing experts from German industry and education to help spread the best practices of a robust apprenticeship model. 
colleague from Pennsylvania and all of my colleagues in the House to expand these options for all students, not just in my home State, but across the entire country. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my good friend, cochair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, Mr. LANGEVIN from Rhode Island, for his leadership and his remarks. I also rise in recognition of National Apprenticeship Week, which runs through this Saturday. 
Training and support for those looking to enter vocational fields is something that is very important to me, as cochairman of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus. It is 
essential that we give our workers the training and resources that they need to secure familysupporting jobs. 
this effort to help workers prepare for the jobs of tomorrow, along with the indemand positions that are currently going unfilled. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the industries which rely on apprenticeship training are in demand, including a huge need for certified electricians, construction workers, and those in the health technology fields. More than 430,000 Americans are currently participating in an apprenticeship program, gaining the knowledge to rise to the demands of today’s workforce. 
workers handson experience and lead to much higher lifetime earnings for those that participate. 
right to cast an unfettered vote is central to our democracy. 
Court invalidated key provisions of the 1965 Voting Rights Act, it invited Congress to update the formula that determines which jurisdictions should be covered. Unfortunately, while Congress has failed to act, we have seen jurisdiction after jurisdiction all across this country attempting to erect impediments to the right to vote. 
introduced in this body and the body across the Hall, responds to the Supreme Court’s invitation. That is why we have labeled our legislative outreach strategy #restorethevote; and because elections are held on Tuesdays, today we are launching #restorationtuesday to organize Member activities online, on the House floor, and throughout our communities. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. MARCHANT. Mr. Speaker, in advance of Veterans Day, I rise to honor all of those who have served in the defense of our great Nation. 
over 38,000 veterans. They come from many walks of life, but they all have one thing in common, they answered the call to serve when our Nation was in need. 
serving north Texas veterans and their families, we will host our Fourth Annual Veterans Fair this Saturday in Grapevine, Texas. 
veterans about the programs and services that are available to assist them and their families. It is also an opportunity for our community to come together and honor our Nation’s heroes. 
active military who have put the safety of this Nation before their own. We are forever grateful for your service and sacrifice. 
Wednesday is Veterans Day, a day when we honor the brave men and women who served our great Nation. 
800,000 veterans, and I have the privilege of representing more than 37,000 of them who live in the 12th Congressional District. I am the proud daughter, granddaughter, niece, and sister of veterans, so I understand the sacrifices that our veterans and their families make. 
No veteran should have to jump unnecessary hurdles to receive the benefits promised to them. That is why I introduced the Veterans Benefits Network Act. In the coming days, I will also be introducing legislation to help veterans get closer to achieving the American Dream of entrepreneurship. 
Our veterans risk their lives to protect our freedom and our democracy, and we must all remain committed to make sure that they have the resources needed to make a successful transition into civilian life. 
Access to quality health care, affordable education, and goodpaying jobs should be guaranteed to all who serve honorably in our Armed Forces. 
honor the selfless service and sacrifices made by our veterans. It is my honor to be a voice for veterans in this Congress. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to celebrate and recognize National Farm to School Month. 
fosters lifelong learning and community building, while providing school children with fresh, healthy foods from local food producers. 
School District and the Saranac Lake Central School District in the North Country were awarded grants for their Farm to School projects. These projects will encourage investment during the academic year on locally sourced foods, which will, in turn, support our North Country farmers. I trust their projects will be a success, like so many others across Upstate New York and the country. 
children and their families to make healthy food choices through education that not only introduces fresh produce, but also teaches children about the importance of our agricultural communities. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
tomorrow is Wear Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. 
Boko Haram, notorious for kidnapping nearly 300 Chibok girls almost 570 days ago, has used heinous tactics to displace 2.2 million Nigerians and kill 15,000 people in the region. 
While our government has condemned these acts and offered noncombat support to the multinational joint 
tasks force fighting Boko Haram, we must do more. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why I have introduced H.R. 3833, to require the U.S. Government to develop a regional strategy to assist the multinational joint task force and address security issues for Nigerian school children, especially girls. 
passed in the Senate by Senator COLLINS, S. 1632, and we now need to pass 
returned, we will continue to wear red on Wednesdays, continue to tweet, tweet, tweet, #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today to congratulate Park Magnet School of Hot Springs, Arkansas, for being named by the U.S. Department of Education as a 2015 National Blue Ribbon School. 
awarded yearly to both private and public elementary, middle, and high schools demonstrating overall academic excellence or progress in closing students achievement gaps. 
schools in Arkansas and only 335 in the Nation to be selected this year. Receipt of this award marks the second time that Park Magnet has been named a National Blue Ribbon School, the first time being in 2009. 
validate the hard work of students like Grace Shelor, faculty like Mrs. Carmen Binns, as well as families and communities in creating a culture of excellence wherein students may reach their full, Godgiven potential. 
It is with great pride that I congratulate Park Magnet School on their success today. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
read a story in the Houston Chronicle about Martha Gardenier. Martha is 59. She is a CPA. Two years ago, her bone marrow disease became leukemia. Her doctor said she should start endoflife care. 
M.D. Anderson, put her into an experimental trial. Her cancer regressed to grade 1. Her drug cocktail costs $10,000 
that her insurance plan was dropping her because of ObamaCare. 
President Obama told every American that ‘‘if you like your healthcare plan, you can keep it.’’ Martha liked her healthcare plan, and she may die because she can’t keep it, another example of why ObamaCare must be repealed and replaced without broken promises and putting patients likes Martha first. 
OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM NOVEMBER 6, 2015, THROUGH NOVEMBER 13, 2015; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 507 and ask 
period from November 6, 2015, through November 13, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
the legislative day of November 5, 2015, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV, relating to a measure authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to my friend from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 507 is a structured rule for the consideration of H.R. 22. It provides an hour of general debate, and it makes in order 29 amendments. 
that 29 amendments seems like that ought to be the end of the conversation. But my friend from Massachusetts and I are not done with 29 amendments. There have been well over 250 amendments submitted for this legislation. We have included 29 in this base text, and we are going to come back and include more. 
the House last week, when he took the Speaker’s gavel into his hands, he said, ‘‘We need to let every Member contribute—not once they have earned their stripes, but right now.’’ 
He said, ‘‘I come at this job as a two 
time committee chair. The committees should retake the lead in drafting all major legislation. If you know the issue, you should write the bill. We 
must open up the process. Let people participate. In other words, we need to return to regular order.’’ 
any way but straight. I am not sure what folks mean when they say a return to regular order in this House. 
I love a free and spirited debate process. We are going to go deep into the night tonight, deep into the night tomorrow night, and well into the late hours on Thursday. I hope my colleagues are still going to be as enthusiastic about regular order when we are done as they are before we get started. 
mean that you can use dilatory tactics to slow the House down. It doesn’t necessarily mean we need to see the same amendment 25 different times. 
and I are doing in the Rules Committee, Mr. Speaker, is going through those amendments to make sure that the ideas and the recommendations brought by individual Members of this House have a chance to be heard, but heard once, not heard six different times. 
in the spirit of regular order over these next 3 days. But that will be from a pot of more than 260 amendments winnowed down into those issues that need to be discussed, have an opportunity to be discussed, on the floor of this House. 
Mr. Speaker, the transportation system in this country is over 4 million miles, 600,000 bridges, and 270,000 public transit route miles. The scope of the transportation system in this country is vast, and its importance is even more so. There is not a mayor in this country, Mr. Speaker, who doesn’t know that as goes their education infrastructure and as goes their transportation infrastructure, so goes the economy of their community. 
Now, we are working on the Elementary and Secondary Education Reauthorization Act, Mr. Speaker, but that is not for today. Today is not education day. Today is transportation day, where we are bringing forward the first 6year transportation reauthorization that this country has seen in more than a decade. We have been trying. It is not from a lack of trying, Mr. Speaker. 
on the Transportation Committee and the chairman, Mr. SHUSTER , on the 
Transportation Committee have been working diligently not for days, not for weeks, and not for months, but for years to try to bring this piece of legislation to the floor. This rule today gives us that opportunity. 
the U.S. Constitution that are put upon the United States Government as responsibilities that we must achieve together. Postal roads are among those responsibilities. There are those who say that Republicans are the party of 
Republicans are the party of good government. In fact, I don’t even think that should be a partisan issue. I think that should be a nonpartisan issue, something that we can all agree on, as Americans, as this body. 
necessary dollars to the projects; it changes the process that allocates those dollars so that we get more value out of each and every one. 
home, Mr. Speaker. In fact, it is going on this week. This week a year ago would have been election week. I represent only two counties in the great State of Georgia. One of them is the single most conservative county in the State. 
year, Mr. Speaker; and while they had rejected Federal tax increases in the past and while they had rejected State tax increases in the past, they got together a year ago this week and voted to tax themselves—this small county in the great State of Georgia—to the tune of $200 million so they could expand the major highway going through that county. They didn’t trust the government here in Washington to get a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of taxes. They didn’t trust the State government to get a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of taxes. They trusted the locality to get a dollar’s worth of value out of a dollar’s worth of taxes. And here, this week, it will have been 1 year from election day and groundbreaking begins. 
just 1 year after the decision to move forward on a project. That is unheard of in Federal circles, Mr. Speaker, but this bill takes not bipartisan steps, but nonpartisan steps to improve upon that process. 
both the Rules Committee and the Transportation Committee. I am very proud of the base product that the Transportation Committee in this House reported. We didn’t just consider that bill for a day or for a week. We worked on that bill for months as well. We passed it out of committee on a voice vote, Mr. Speaker. We passed it out of committee unanimously. In fact, we passed the rule out of the Rules Committee last night on a voice vote to bring this resolution to the floor. 
to show the American people what is best about this House. What is best about this House is not that we all agree on everything, because we don’t. What is best about this House is not that we all represent the same kinds of values and constituencies back home, because we don’t. What is best about this House is that we have an opportunity to come together, express all of those issues, and let the chips fall where they may. 
Mr. Speaker, you will see most of them are bipartisan or nonpartisan amendments. But we have amendments made in order that are just brought by Republicans, and we have amendments made in order that are just brought by Democrats. The Rules Committee has the power to do whatever the Rules Committee would like to do. We are not using that power today to shut the voices out, Mr. Speaker. We are using the power today to bring the voices together. 
I am very proud to bring this rule. I 
think it is worthy of all the Members’ support. 
thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) for the customary 30 
I get into the subject matter that we are here to discuss, I do want to respond to my friend from Georgia about Speaker RYAN’s call for regular order, 
which I think many on our side welcome. But we are not going to get too excited yet because that same pledge was made when Speaker Boehner became Speaker of the House, and that pledge was broken over and over and over again. In fact, he presided over the most closed Congress in the history of our country, more closed rules than any other Congress in history. 
‘‘What does regular order mean?’’ well, it means that we don’t bypass committees of jurisdiction. We let them do their work, and then we bring that bill to the Rules Committee, as opposed to having some committee staff write a bill in the back room someplace in the Capitol, present it, and then have the Rules Committee give it a closed rule. It means allowing for all sides to be heard. 
blocked out amendments on legitimate issues because the Republican leadership didn’t want to deal with it. They didn’t want to have that debate. 
So it means a more open and transparent process. It means a process that is more fair and more respectful of all Members, not just Democrats, but to Republicans as well. I hope that when Speaker RYAN made that pledge, it is 
more than just words; that we will see, in the coming weeks and months, something different around here. 
mean to pick on Speaker Boehner because we do have people on the Rules Committee on the Republican side who have routinely voted to shut this process down. I hope that there is a change of attitude in the Rules Committee, as well, for a more open and a more transparent process. 
So having said that, Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for the consideration of the Surface Transportation 
Reauthorization and Reform Act, a 6 year highway bill. After 35 shortterm extensions—35 shortterm extensions— this is a welcome step to providing the kind of certainty that our State and our local officials need. In fact, they have been clamoring for this for a very, very long time. 
the Rules Committee for consideration, the rule we are talking about right now makes in order 29. We expect the committee to meet later today to consider the remaining amendments. 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and Subcommittee on Highways and Transit Chairman SAMGRAVES and Ranking 
all of their hard work to get us to this point. 
would have written, but the bottom line is that we need a longterm surface transportation authorization bill. States need to be able to count on Federal funding for more than a month at a time. Largescale infrastructure projects take years to complete. States need certainty, and this bill is a step forward in that direction. 
bridges are already in need of massive repairs. I tell my colleagues all the time that we have bridges in Massachusetts that are older than most of your States. The underlying bill provides $325 billion in contract authority from the highway trust fund over 6 years for highway, transit, and safety programs. It would allow for automatic adjustments if more money comes into the highway trust fund. 
provisions in this bill is a reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank, which is the same language that the House passed with strong bipartisan support last week, notwithstanding the fact that we had to use a discharge petition because the way this place operates, the will of the majority was not respected. But we should vote against any amendments—any and all amendments—that would jeopardize this provision. 
bill help our economy, but it will create and sustain thousands of American jobs, particularly in the construction and manufacturing industries that were hardest hit by the Great Recession. 
In all candor, I can’t say that I am 
enamored with everything in this bill. I wish that it provided more robust funding levels. I am sorry to see that we are continuing to use guarantee fees as a payfor on an unrelated transportation bill. Gfees should be used to protect taxpayers from mortgage losses, not as an offset on a highway bill. 
the use of private debt collection as an offset in this bill. Instead of raising money, if history is any indication, it 
is likely the use of private debt collection agencies would result in the Federal Government losing revenue. We know that because that has happened in the past. 
strongly caution against loading this bill up with controversial provisions. This rule makes in order an amendment by Congressman RIBBLE of Wisconsin to permit States to allow bigger and heavier trucks on our interstate highways, and I understand that several other amendments have been offered to increase truck size and truck weights. I think passing these kinds of amendments is one of the most dangerous things that we can do, and I believe it would seriously threaten this carefully crafted compromise. 
industry might have you believe, bigger trucks have never resulted in fewer trucks on our road. Since 1982, when Congress last increased the gross vehicle weight limit, truck registrations have increased 90 percent. 
heavier trucks on our Federal Interstate Highway System, we can somehow alleviate their presence on local roads. That is a false argument because trucks still need to make deliveries and pickups at warehouses and businesses, and local roads are the way they get there. So all the Ribble amendment would do is make more of our roads less safe. 
By the way, on the Interstate Highway System, these bigger and heavier trucks can drive faster, thereby endangering more and more of the others who are driving on these highways. Bigger truck crashes kill nearly 4,000 people every year, and the reality is that most of those fatalities are those in passenger vehicles, not the trucker. Big trucks pay only a fraction of the true cost of the wear and tear they cause on our roads and bridges. State budgets are stretched to the brink as it is and can’t afford to make up for the multibilliondollar underpayments. 
loud and clear over and over again that they don’t want bigger trucks. A January 2015 nationwide survey by Harper Polling found that 76 percent of respondents oppose longer, heavier trucks, and a May 2013 public opinion poll by Lake Research Partners found that 68 percent of Americans opposed heavier trucks. That should be enough to give people who want to put bigger and heavier trucks on our roads some pause. But as I have learned serving in this Congress, usually this place does the opposite of what the American people want. 
MAP–21, the most recent longterm highway bill, Congress directed the Department of Transportation to conduct a comprehensive study on truck size and weight laws. After 2 years of careful study, DOT concluded that the current data limitations were so profound that no changes in truck size and weight laws in regulations should be 
considered until these data limitations could be overcome. So we asked DOT to do a study, and that is their recommendation. Yet there are all these amendments to try to get around that. 
are thinking of voting for some of these amendments to allow bigger, heavier, and more dangerous trucks on the road and on our Interstate Highway System to talk to some of the families of the victims. I have, on a regular basis, talked to people who have lost their husbands, their wives, their kids, and their best friends to these senseless crashes. Think about them before you just go along with whatever particular special interest asks you to do. 
trucks are opposed to this. They are opposed to this. Yet here we are with an attempt to try to kind of make our roads less safe. 
of exemptions to truck size and weight laws I think would be a huge mistake and would jeopardize the passage of the 
underlying bill. I urge my colleagues to reject the Ribble amendment and all these other amendments that may be made in order to put bigger, heavier, and more dangerous trucks on the road. 
return to regular order and all of the amendments that we are going to consider today, it is not lost on me that just here in the Rules Committee debate, my friend from Massachusetts was able to talk about truck size and weight for longer than regular order would have allowed the proponent of an amendment to talk about that. Under the 5minute rule, which is what we have here to conduct these issues, it is hard to grapple with some of these big issues in an amendment process. 
from Massachusetts suggested, should be hashed out in committee, where there is no time limit, where we can work on these, where we can consider all of the studies, where we can go through all of the work. 
There is a role for the Rules Committee to pick and choose amendments, those that have been considered enough, those that can be considered in a short period of time, and those that need to remain in committee and be hashed out there. 
order means, I hope my colleagues will come down on the side of reserving the biggest of these issues for committee work and the more minor changes for here on the floor of the House. 
friend from Massachusetts, Mr. Speaker, I have to disagree with him about the track record we put together in this body over the last 4
1⁄2years. I came to Congress at the exact same 
time that John Boehner became Speaker of the House. My first experience here in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, was when John Boehner brought H.R. 1 to the floor. It turns out the Democratic Congress had not finished the budgeting process the year before. 
So here we were. We were in the middle of the fiscal year. No budget had been passed. No appropriations bills had been passed. This brandnew Congress comes in, the biggest freshman class in American history. It was an exciting, exciting time, Mr. Speaker, as you will recall. 
One of the first bills out of the gate 
was a bill to fund $3.5 trillion worth of Federal Government. All these new Members here have all been sent with a mandate from their constituents back home. 
that a Speaker would have closed down that process, said this is too important to put before the entire House, what Speaker John Boehner said is: Bring the bill to the floor and we will debate it for as long as it takes. 
It was all night long, day in, day out, until we finished the job. Every Member on this floor had their voice. 
We can’t always do that, Mr. Speaker. There is not enough daylight or darkness in the year to do that with every bill that comes to the floor of the House. But I cannot let it be said that Speaker Boehner presided over the most closed Congress in history. In 
friends, they will tell you they offered more amendments in a John Boehner Speakership than they ever had a chance to offer in a Speaker PELOSI  
Speakership. I am not faulting the previous Speaker, Mr. Speaker. I am only saying that openness is something you have to believe because it is hard. It is complicated. 
I listened to my friend from Massachusetts. He said: I want an open process. I just want to defeat all the amendments I don’t like that come to the floor of the House. 
Sometimes you have to come down here to the floor of the House, you have to have the difficult debate, and you have to win on the merits. 
Mr. Speaker, we did ask the Department of Transportation to consider truck weights. We absolutely did. And we passed it in a bipartisan way. It was signed by the President of the United States. The date the report was due back to this Congress was last year. 
and said: You have to have this study back to us by the winter of 2014. 
said: Whatever. Whatever. We are working on it. It is really hard. I know Congress told us to. I know they are the boss. But whatever. We will get there. 
Here we are a year later and we still 
Don’t let it be said that we are succeeding here at the Federal level. 
(Mr. R IBBLE ) do? This is radical. I want 
to redescribe the radical amendment that my friend from Massachusetts just spoke about. The radical idea that my friend from Wisconsin has is: Let’s let the State governments decide for themselves about what the truck weights should be on Federal highways in their system. 
there are going to be States that say: This is too dangerous. We don’t want heavier trucks on our road. I don’t doubt that for a minute. 
Mr. Speaker, that there will be States that say: Today we allow those heavier trucks on our small twolane curvy roads through north Georgia. 
have been harmed by truck accidents, then you want those trucks off of those dangerous twolane roads and you want them on the finest highway system known to man: the United States interstate system. 
I trust States to make those decisions, Mr. Speaker. Don’t think for a moment—don’t think for a moment— that the collective wisdom of 435 people in this body is a good substitute for folks who sit back home in the great State of Georgia. I promise you, our judgment, the way we love on one another in Georgia is superior to anything this body could craft. 
Let States decide. Let the local people who have to deal with the consequences of action or inaction—let them decide. 
That is what is wonderful about this body. We are going to make these amendments in order. We are going to bring them to the floor of the House. We are going to have the debate. And then, lo and behold, at the end of the process, you are going to have to stick your card in the slot and vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, this is the way it is supposed to be. I don’t want a body where we all agree on everything all the time. I want a body where we are able to talk about those things that divide us and where we are able to unite around those things that unite us. 
what my friend from Massachusetts said. We have been in a shortterm extension process for far too long. It has been a shortterm extension process that has gone through both Republican and Democratic leaderships, Mr. Speaker. This is not a partisan problem. This is an American problem. 
has crafted an American solution that, if we pass this rule, we will be able to consider. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am now really worried 
he said that we were going to return to regular order, based on what my colleague, Mr. WOODALL , just said as he 
defended the Boehner Congress, which, by the way, is the most closed Congress in the history of our Congress—more closed rules, over 180 closed rules. If you want to defend that process, fine. 
major amendments, important issues were not even allowed to be brought up. We tried to debate the war—we are at war—and the Rules Committee, with the blessing of the leadership, wouldn’t even allow us to bring that to the House floor. Important issues are routinely denied here. 
‘‘your way or the highway,’’ then I don’t think that much is going to be changed, just maybe the same menu, a different waiter, I guess. That is about what we can expect. I hope that is not the case. 
Republicans have treated the minority with regard to important bills, but also to a lot of people on your own side, has been lousy. It has been a bad record. 
understands that and believes that this place could be better served if we have a more inclusive process, more regular order, and we respected our committees. 
the Transportation Committee didn’t see fit to put in a provision for bigger truck sizes and heavier trucks. That is the committee of jurisdiction. They didn’t do that. 
amendment. These other people have the right to bring their amendment. Members will have a whole 10 minutes to debate this. 
I would also say that not all amendments are created equally. Some are more important than others. I think this is an amendment that is more important than some of the sense of Congress language that we are going to be debating in terms of amendments later. 
going to let the States decide. That is the retort from my colleague from Georgia. I get it. 
There are people in this House, especially on the Republican side, who think the States should control everything; that when it comes to civil rights or voting rights, let the States decide, and the Federal Government should have no role in guaranteeing that everybody in this country has their voting rights protected or their civil rights protected. I disagree with that. 
On this issue, it is an issue of safety. 
When the gentleman says that we are just trying to take these big trucks off these side roads, that is not true. These trucks still have to go on those small roads to do their deliveries. 
will still have to utilize those roads. On those side roads, I wish there weren’t 
these big trucks, but at least they are going slower than they will on an interstate highway. 
a letter from Andrew Matthews, chairman of the National Troopers Coalition, representing 45,000 members, asking us to oppose any amendment forcing States to allow heavier and longer trucks on our Nation’s highway. 
don’t do this, please don’t do this. We will have a whole 5 minutes to make the case against that amendment. 
Troopers Coalition’s 45,000 members, we ask that you oppose any amendment forcing states to allow heavier and longer trucks on our nation’s highways when you consider the transportation reauthorization. Specifically, we urge you to vote against any amendments allowing the operation of 91,000 pound single tractortrailers or double 33foot tractor trailers, replacing the twin 28foot trailers in 
longer and heavier rigs pose to the motoring public and our officers. With heavier trucks, stopping distances increase threatening the motoring public and our Trooper members. And if ‘‘Twin 33s’’ become legal, this could ultimately replace 53foot singles as one of the most commonly used configurations, adding a dangerous 17 feet in length to our already crowded highways. 
should not include such a farreaching policy change, especially following the release of the longawaited USDOT truck size and weight study, which largely concluded that not enough data exists to make a clear recommendation on changing any existing truck size and weight laws. 
trucks make our roads and highways are unsafe due to, among other things, greater stopping distances and higher risk of rollover. The National Troopers Coalition opposes any changes to current truck size and weight laws and urges you to do the same. Should you have any questions or need any additional information, I can be reached. 
Teamsters Union, which most of these truck drivers are Teamsters, sent us a letter strongly urging us to oppose the Ribble amendment. Law enforcement, the drivers, all these safety coalitions say no; but a special interest comes in here and says they would like an exemption, and everybody Clambers to try to help them out. Know what you are voting for before you vote for this. 
Senatepassed DRIVE Act being considered by the House this week. 
a bipartisan manner to fix our Nation’s critical highway infrastructure needs. I want to bring attention to a key provision which is included in the DRIVE Act that passed the Senate earlier this year. 
and Jacqueline Houck, were killed just outside my district when their rented Chrysler PT Cruiser caught fire and crashed due to a defective steering component. The vehicle was not grounded or fixed before it was rented to the Houck sisters, despite having a safety recall notice issued a month before the tragic accident. 
car dealers from selling new cars subject to a recall, there is no similar law prohibiting rental car companies from renting out vehicles under a safety recall. 
That is why I am so pleased the Senate included the text of my bill, H.R. 2198, the Raechel and Jacqueline Houck Safe Rental Car Act, into the DRIVE Act. 
a commonsense fix. It modifies existing law to prohibit rental car companies from renting a vehicle under recall until it has been fixed. Pure and simple, consumers must be protected from renting cars that are subject to a safety recall. 
have bipartisan support in the House, but it is also supported by the rental car industry, consumer safety groups, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, General Motors, and Honda. 
calling for passage of this bill was started by Raechel and Jacqueline’s mother, Cally Houck. It has received signatures from over 180,000 consumers nationwide. 
attempts to strike this critical vehicle safety language from this final highway bill. I believe such actions are misguided and would seriously undermine the tireless effort by Cally Houck and the families who have lost loved ones due to this clear defect in our safety laws. 
highway bill this week, I urge my colleagues to oppose any amendments to weaken or undermine this important bipartisan language. 
Jacqueline Houck by working together to enact a simple, yet meaningful solution that will surely save lives in the future. 
Massachusetts that folks ought to know what they are talking about before they come and vote on amendments. In fact, I think folks ought to know what they talk about when they even come down and talk about amendments. I think that ought to be part of the thing. There is no point of order to stipulate that, but I believe it is an important provision. 
I serve on the Transportation Committee, Mr. Speaker. So I have a vested interest in this. I have kind of a pride of authorship. We worked very hard on this. 
opening statement, he thanked the chairman and the ranking member of the full committee and of the subcommittee. They call them the Big Four on that committee, Mr. Speaker, the Big Four. 
If you can get the Big Four to have 
an agreement, then you feel like you can get your amendment across the finish line because being a committee chairman means something. 
we considered in committee were truck weight amendments, Mr. Speaker. I know this because I serve on that committee. 
that we have first responder vehicles— fire trucks, for example—that are prohibited from getting on Federal highways because of this system? If you are in a crisis—if you are in a first responder crisis—because of the wisdom of the Federal Government, the wisdom of this body, we have said: Do you know what? You probably shouldn’t get on the fastest and most direct route to respond to the crisis. We really need you to stay on the local roads. No interstate travel for you. 
folks here in this body who care about ferreting out the nonsense and putting a stop to it. So we considered that amendment in committee, and we passed that amendment in committee. If we pass this rule today, Mr. Speaker, we can change the law of the land to make that difference for people. 
This is a new day in terms of House 
leadership, Mr. Speaker. It is a new day. I am going to be interested to see whether we spend more time litigating the past or planning for the future. I am about looking forward. I am optimistic about tomorrow. I know it is going to be better than yesterday no matter how good yesterday was. This is the opportunity we have here together. 
out of the Rules Committee. This is the bill. I don’t want anybody to be confused. There is no civil rights legislation in this bill today. This is a transportation bill. I don’t want anybody to be confused. We are not rolling back anything for anyone here today. This is a bipartisan—even better, nonpartisan—transportation funding bill. I don’t want anybody to be confused today. This is something that Democrats failed to get done when they ran the show, and it is something Republicans failed to get done when they ran 
the show. Now we are all here together, getting it done. I think that is worth celebrating. 
this rule so we can get to it and then support the underlying bill as well. 
I am going to urge that we defeat the 
previous question. If we do, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up legislation that will restore and strengthen the Voting Rights Act of 1965. 
voter equality. This legislation would require Federal approval in some States for changes to voting practices that could be discriminatory. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, you 
will notice many of us are wearing ‘‘Restore the Vote’’ pins here today because we are, quite frankly, appalled by what is going on in certain States in terms of taking away people’s right to vote. We find that offensive, and we think that there is a Federal obligation to guarantee that right, that we just can’t leave it up to the States. All of us in this country should have equal protections under the law when it comes to voting. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of voting rights for all Americans. I was proud to stand alongside my fellow colleagues this morning to launch the Restore the Vote legislative strategy. 
This national effort will help mobilize support for H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, a bill that I sponsored with Representatives JUDYCHUand L INDA SA´NCHEZ in order 
to restore critical Federal oversight to jurisdictions which have a recent history of voter discrimination. 
every Tuesday that Congress is in session, we will declare it to be ‘‘Restoration Tuesday.’’ Members of Congress will wear a ‘‘Restore the Vote’’ ribbon pin and will speak on the House floor about the importance of restoring and protecting voting rights for all Americans. Today is the first Restoration Tuesday, and I am honored to speak on behalf of H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act. 
Two years ago, Mr. Speaker, the Supreme Court in the Shelby case struck down the Federal preclearance. The Supreme Court issued a challenge to Congress to develop a modernday coverage 
formula that looks at current discriminatory acts by States and political jurisdiction. The Voting Rights Advancement Act answers that challenge. 
Voting Rights Act of 1965 by looking at recent voter discrimination practices since 1990. An entire State can be covered by preclearance if 15 or more voting violations occur in a State in the most recent 25year period. This updated coverage formula ensures that 13 States, including my home State of Alabama, are required to obtain preclearance for changes in voting practices and laws. The 13 States that will be covered under this new formula include Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Arkansas, Arizona, Texas, New York, California, and Virginia. The bill also provides greater transparency in Federal elections by ensuring that voters get notice of changes in locations and of changes in voting practices. 
Put simply, the Voting Rights Advancement Act offers more voter protection to more people in more States. 
new again. Since the Shelby decision, 33 States across this Nation have issued photo I.D. laws that have made it harder for vulnerable communities to vote, like our senior citizens, our young people, and the disabled. 
As a daughter of Selma, I am painfully aware that the injustices suffered on the Edmund Pettus Bridge 50 years ago have not been fully vindicated. Just recently, my constituents were dealt a very devastating blow when Alabama closed 31 DMVs—that’s right, driver’s license offices—a State that had recently adopted one of the Nation’s harsher photo I.D. laws. This decision is completely unacceptable. These closures render it almost impossible for so many of my constituents to get the most popular form of photo I.D., which is a driver’s license. 
example of modernday barriers to voting. While we no longer have to count marbles in a jar or recite the names of all of the counties, there are still laws and decisions that make it harder for people to vote. ‘‘Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere,’’ Martin Luther King once said. 
On March 7, 2015, I welcomed President and Mrs. Obama as well as President Bush and Mrs. Bush, along with 100 Members of the House and the Senate, to my hometown of Selma, Alabama, to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the voting rights march from Selma to Montgomery. Mr. Speaker, it was a ‘‘kumbaya’’ moment when Republicans and Democrats gathered together in recognition of how far our Nation had come in living up to its ideals of justice and equality for all. 
marches from Selma to Montgomery must be so much more than just one day of reflection, Mr. Speaker. A single moment filled with colorful language and wonderful speeches is nice, and 
walking hand in hand across the Edmund Pettus Bridge is nice; but gone should be the days of ‘‘feel good’’ moments that, in and of themselves, lead to no clear path to action. The Voting Rights Advancement Act is that action. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, we are asking our colleagues, Democrats and Republicans, to join with us in supporting the Voting Rights Advancement Act as Congress must act now to protect the rights of all Americans. 
upon its citizens having the unfettered right to vote. Our vote is our voice, and no voices should be silenced. We are asking everyone to join us in our efforts to make sure that we restore the vote to the voices of the excluded. To restrict the ability of any American to vote is an assault on all Americans’ rights to participate equally in the electoral process. 
It is easy on a big bill like this to get 
confused about what is in it and what is not in it. I would refer folks to transport.house.gov. That is not just for Members of Congress, Mr. Speaker. Anybody across the country can access that. 
again, what is an extraordinary success story that we have on the floor today— are all of these national priorities that we share. The bill refocuses funding on national priorities. It gets us back to the core of the original highway trust fund. It reforms the program, again, in a bipartisan—even nonpartisan—way to get the dollars on the ground faster to make a difference in people’s lives. 
you are shipping goods or whether you are sitting in traffic. It promotes innovation to bring some new ideas into the transportation infrastructure. We are getting ready for next generation roads, and that language is here: roads and bridges, public transportation, driver safety, truck and bus safety, hazardous materials. It is all in here. 
where the more you read them, the more you think: ‘‘Man, what were those guys thinking?’’ This is one of those bills where the more you read it, you think: ‘‘How in the world did those guys get it done?’’ This is a success story, Mr. Speaker. It is worthy of all of my colleagues’ support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
we are doing it because, again, important issues like this don’t ever see the light of day in this House. We can’t 
talk about voting rights or vote on a bill to protect voting rights. We can’t vote on immigration reform because my friends are slaves to this majority rule on their side of the aisle. These are important issues, and we shouldn’t just leave them to the States in which people’s voting rights are being denied. 
marked the 50th anniversary of the passage of the bipartisan Voting Rights Act of 1965, historic legislation that prevented State and local governments from denying any citizen the right to vote based on his race, ensuring equal voting rights for all. 
down a major provision of this law, severely limiting the Federal oversight of State voting laws. My home State of North Carolina passed the most egregious voting law in the Nation immediately after that decision, which slashed early voting, implemented strict voter I.D. requirements, and ended pre voter registration programs. Other States across the country followed suit and also implemented election laws that disenfranchised voters. 
their voices heard and elect leaders of their choice, and I am proud to join my colleagues today in renewing our call to repair America’s broken election system. 
I cosponsored the Voting Rights Advancement Act to help restore Federal oversight to jurisdictions which have a recent history of voter discrimination. This bill updates the coverage formula to ensure that States like North Carolina are required to obtain preclearance for changes to voting practices and procedures. It reaffirms 
our commitment to voter equality, and it creates additional pathways for voter access. Simply put, this bill protects the right to vote. 
important piece of legislation because every American deserves to have his voice heard. Every American deserves equal access to the ballot box, and every American deserves the right to vote. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ). 
Ohio. Right now, my constituents are casting ballots to decide their next local, State, and judicial elected officials. Participating in our democratic process is not only a right, but it is a duty. Unfortunately, again, for many Americans, voting recently became more difficult in 2013. 
mention, Mr. Speaker, that is when the Supreme Court struck down key provisions of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 
in its Shelby v. Holder decision, making it easier for States and localities to disenfranchise voters in areas that have a history of voter suppression. 
protections. Instead, we should honor the progress our country has made to ensure equal rights and equal treatment. 
H.R. 2867, the Voting Rights Advancement Act of 2015, to the floor so all Americans may cast ballots to choose their leaders and their public servants. I am a cosponsor—no. Let me say I am a proud cosponsor of this bill, and it enjoys bipartisan support and leadership support in both the House and the Senate. 
Mr. Speaker, voting rights restoration should happen now. On Tuesdays, I will proudly wear my pin for restoring the vote. Mr. Speaker, again, that is restoring the vote. 
ask my colleague if he has any further speakers remaining. 
going to offer an amendment to the rule. It has been worked out collaboratively with the minority. I said when I began that we were making almost 30 amendments in order, but we were nowhere close to done. In fact, this amendment wants to make another 16 amendments in order right now. 
We are still going to go back to the 
Rules Committee and meet at 3 p.m. We are still going to make even more amendments in order, but this amendment will make an additional 16 amendments in order under this rule. It will make more time available for debate, Mr. Speaker. 
dispense with the reading of the Senate bill so that we can get directly into amendments. That is a standard procedure, but it was not in the base rule. 
make this rule better. I look forward to offering that amendment here in just a few moments. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. How much time do 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 31⁄2 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by reiterating our call for Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that we can restore the vote. 
House of Representatives is the notion of protecting everybody’s right to vote a radical idea. We see voter suppression efforts all across this country, and it is a Federal responsibility. It is a Federal responsibility, and we have got to live up to that responsibility. So I hope 
that my colleagues will vote ‘‘no,’’ so we can have this debate and we can have an upordown vote on this. 
Quite frankly, the committees of jurisdiction should have ruled this bill to the floor, and we should be having that debate. But I guess for political reasons my colleagues don’t see the benefit in moving this important legislation to the floor. We have an opportunity to do that today. 
to commend Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and their entire 
team for bringing us here today with a carefully crafted compromise, 6year highway bill, which, I think, is absolutely imperative. Our States, our cities, and our towns have been demanding this for a long, long time, and we are very close to making some progress. 
I would urge, like I did in my opening 
statement, we ought not to screw it up with a whole bunch of controversial amendments because some special interest PAC thinks it is a good idea. 
I will again reiterate my strong opposition, not only to the Ribble amendment, but to a whole bunch of other amendments that will allow bigger and heavier trucks on our Federal Interstate Highway System. These are Federal highways. Yes, it is a Federal responsibility. It is a Federal responsibility. 
that the people who agree with me on this include the National Troopers Association, the National Sheriffs’ Association, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, AAA, the National League of Cities, the National Association of Towns and Townships, the American Public Works Association, The U.S. Conference of Mayors, Citizens for Reliable and Safe Highways, Road Safe America, Brain Injury Association of America, Parents Against Tired Truckers, Advocates for Auto Safety, Trucking Alliance, the Teamsters, and the AFL–CIO. I can go on and on and on. 
that we should not go down the road of bigger and heavier trucks; yet we have got a special interest out there that says we should do it, and so all of a sudden Members are clamoring to do it. It would be a mistake. It would make our roads more dangerous. It will threaten the safety of passengers on our highways. It is a bad idea. 
Certainly, people ought to pay attention to what they are voting on before they come here and vote for this. Unfortunately, we are not going to have the time to debate it because it is going to be 5 minutes on each side. I think it would be a threat to this bill, and I think that would be a huge mistake. 
has been done by the Transportation Committee. Let’s not load it up with a bunch of controversial provisions. This is about safety on our highways, first 
and foremost. If my colleagues don’t believe that, they ought to talk to the families who have lost loved ones in accidents due to bigger and heavier trucks. They ought to talk to the drivers. They ought to talk to people who know what they are talking about and not rely on a particular special interest. 
Mr. Speaker, again, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so we can have this debate and a vote on protecting voting rights in this country to restore the vote. 
Let’s respect the work that the committee of jurisdiction has done here, but let’s vote ‘‘no’’ on these efforts to allow bigger and heavier trucks on our roads. For the sake of our constituents, for their safety, let us do the right thing and vote ‘‘no’’ on those amendments. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
where I don’t think it is a rare moment of agreement; I think it is a typical moment of agreement. There are issues that divide us, and there are issues that unite us. Focusing on America’s infrastructure is one of those issues that unites us. 
I agreed with my friend from Massachusetts, Mr. Speaker, when he said he hoped in the new administration here in this House that we focused on fairness and respect. I think that is absolutely right. I think that is what the American people ask of us back home. 
I don’t particularly think that suggesting that there are folks in this body who are moving amendments to the floor based on the bidding of special interests moves us in the direction of respect. In fact, I think it moves us in the opposite direction, Mr. Speaker. I don’t think suggesting there are those in this body who care about the individual safety of families in our district and those who don’t moves us in the direction of fairness or respect, Mr. Speaker. I think it moves us in the opposite direction. That is the challenge that our new Speaker has. We are trying to get to regular order, trying to have all the voices heard, Mr. Speaker, but you have seen the complexity of that just here today. 
passionate speech for why we shouldn’t be considering trucking amendments in a trucking bill; that there couldn’t possibly be enough time to discuss trucking while dealing with trucks, why we shouldn’t possibly have an opportunity to bring experts together who have just passed a trucking bill to deal with more trucking issues. On the other hand, you heard a very passionate plea of why we should bring a Judiciary Committee legislative bill into the transportation bill. 
been worked out, this bill that has succeeded where Congress after Congress after Congress has failed, you have 
you know what, let’s take that transportation bill and let’s drop in a giant judiciary issue on top of it because that is regular order. It is not regular order. 
I don’t dispute that there is frustration in this body for the pace at which legislation moves. I share it. Mr. Speaker, I instigate it for Pete’s sake. I came here in the class of 2010. I want to get things done. As soon as we come together and get this done, by golly, we can go back to poking or kicking or talking or whatever it is that folks need to get done, but that is not this bill. 
a success. The openness of this process is something that we can all be proud of. It doesn’t just happen because Chairman SESSIONS and Ranking Member S LAUGHTER come together in the 
Rules Committee, Mr. Speaker. It happens because Chairman SHUSTER and 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO came together in the Transportation Committee. This is one of those moments that brings us together, not as a body, but as a nation, getting about the business that our constituents sent us here to do. 
On page 2, line 11, insert after the period: 
‘‘The first reading of the Senate amendment shall be dispensed with.’’. 
At the end of the first section, add the following: ‘‘The Senate amendment, as amended, shall be considered as read.’’. 
At the end of the resolution, add the following: 
Rules Committee Print 114–33 shall be considered as though printed in part B of House Report 114–325.’’. 
35 amendments now. There are 35 amendments made in order by this rule. We will still go back at 3 o’clock this afternoon to find even more. That is the collaborative process that I am representing on the floor here today. 
support for the amendment, I urge strong support for the rule, and I urge strong support for the underlying resolution. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 507 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution. 
question is on ordering the previous question on the amendment and on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 178, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson 
Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
HICE of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 248, nays 171, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) 
Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) 
Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Jackson Lee Jones 
HOUSE REGARDING SAFETY AND SECURITY OF EUROPEAN JEWISH COMMUNITIES 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 354) expressing the sense of the House of Representatives regarding the safety and security of Jewish communities in Europe, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 418, nays 0, not voting 15, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts 
Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup 
Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Ellmers (NC) Fattah Gohmert Huizenga (MI) Jackson Lee 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 22. 
HARDY ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 507 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 22. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, with Mr. SIMPSON in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
Today is an exciting day for me because when I became chairman almost 
Infrastructure Committee, one of my highest priorities was passing a multiyear bill to improve our Nation’s road, bridges, and transit systems. So I am very pleased that today the House is considering the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the STRR Act. 
GRAVES and our Democratic counterparts, Ranking Members D EFAZIO and 
NORTON , for helping to develop this bipartisan bill. Thanks in part to their hard work and willingness to work together, our committee unanimously approved the STRR Act 2 weeks ago. 
America and our economy. Transportation, in particular our surface transportation system, has a direct impact on our daytoday quality of life. It affects how we get to work, how we get our kids home from school, and how much time we can spend with our families and friends instead of sitting in traffic. Transportation allows our country and our businesses to be competitive. Transportation is about supply chain, raw materials getting to the factories, products getting to markets, and what we pay for goods; and it is fundamentally what the STRR Act is all about. 
Mr. Chairman, our committee traveled to communities across this country and talked to transportation and business leaders about the need for this bill. What we heard is that our States and communities all have a variety of needs and that certainty over multiple years is necessary to address those needs. The STRR Act is a multiyear bill that provides that certainty for States and local governments. This bill helps improve our Nation’s infrastructure and maintains a strong commitment to safety, but it also provides important reforms that will help us continue to do the job more effectively. 
refocus—and that is important—our transportation programs on national priorities, promote innovation to make our surface transportation system and programs work better, provide greater flexibility for State and local governments to address their needs, streamline the Federal bureaucracy, accelerate the project approval process, and facilitate the flow of freight and commerce. The STRR Act continues the Federal role in providing a strong national transportation system, enables our country to remain economically competitive, and helps ensure our quality of life. 
have received nearly 300 letters of support from throughout the stakeholder community, including Governors, mayors, cities, counties, AASHTO, Chamber of Commerce, National Association of Manufacturers, agriculture, construction industry, shippers, and many, many others. 
colleagues to support this legislation and look forward to working with the 
Senate to get a final measure to the President. 
Well, this has been a long time coming, and I congratulate the full committee chairman, the subcommittee chair, my ranking member, ELEANOR  
of the committee for moving forward a good, bipartisan product. None of us got everything we wanted in that bill, but there is a lot of good policy in there. The funding still leaves a lot to be desired. 
It will begin to address the infrastructure crisis in America. Mr. Chairman, 140,000 bridges need substantial repair or replacement, and 40 percent of the road surface on the National Highway System has deteriorated to the point where you have to dig up the roadbed and rebuild the road, not just resurface it, and on our major transit systems, our legacy transit systems, $84 billion to bring them up to a state of good repair—$84 billion. It is so bad that they are actually killing people here in Washington, D.C., because of the decrepit nature of the mass transit system. 
deal with those issues. It will give the States a 6year planning horizon so they can plan longer term projects. Longer term projects mean more bang for the buck and more jobs will be created. 
for Buy America so we will create more jobs here in America in the area of transit. In fact, the strongest Buy America requirements for all Federal procurement—much stronger than the Pentagon—are in transportation. So these dollars recirculate in our economy. They employ Americans, and they subcontract with American small businesses. Those moneys recirculate in our communities and can create real growth and wealth. 
still not certain whether there will be amendments allowed, and a number of Members have contributed to the Rules Committee proposals to increase funding with one form or another of user fee. User fee has been the tradition since Dwight David Eisenhower said that this will be a selffunded program funded by gas tax. The Federal gas tax hasn’t gone up since 1993—18.3 cents a gallon. There are many meritorious proposals to change that in different ways, to index it, to have a temporary increase with a commission, a barrel tax, and a straightup increase in the gas tax to have it catch up with inflation. There is a myriad of them out there, and I hope that some are allowed and that this body is allowed to work its will. 
gas tax in the last year, and not a single State representative or senator has been recalled or lost their election because of it. The American people get it. If they don’t want to blow out their tires and break their rims in potholes, we need to invest. If they don’t want to be detoured around closed or weight limited bridges, we need to invest. If they wonder whether they are going to get there alive or get there at all when they get on a mass transit system, we need to invest at every level. 
be in this bill, but there are many good policies. There are new, national, first timeever major freight and highway projects of national and regional importance. We need a focus on moving our freight more efficiently in this country. As I mentioned earlier, we are getting an increase in Buy America. We also reform the workforce retraining programs which will create career pathways for minorities, women, veterans, individuals with disabilities, and lowincome workers. 
It boosts funding for railwayhighway grade crossings to save lives and improve safety, motor carrier safety grants, and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration grants. It ensures higher standards for transit safety, protects bus driver safety, and encourages States to provide mental health and substance abuse treatment for DUI offenders. 
of hazardous materials and provides critical protections for crudebyrail shipments. It will provide more information for State emergency responders, and it will require comprehensive— it is amazing we don’t have that now— oil spill response plans, and it will increase the safety of oil tank cars by requiring thermal blankets and other improvements. 
commend in this bill. It also looks to the future, and it would put in $115 million to allow States to test new ways of raising the money necessary to rebuild, maintain, and improve the efficiency of our national transportation system, whether it would be vehicle miles traveled or other, new innovative ideas, and that is what we have got to look toward in the future. We cannot continue just on a gas and diesel tax forever. 
the subcommittee chairman, and my colleagues on the committee. I look forward to a long, robust, and open debate over amendments. Hopefully the bill will come out of that process improved and not damaged and will get broad support here on the floor of the House. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), the subcommittee 
bill, the Hazardous Materials Transportation Safety Improvement Act of 2015. 
Hazardous materials are the backbone of our industrial society, and these products are transported by all modes, used in every State, and distributed worldwide. This title will significantly enhance the safety of moving these products. 
strengthen the safety of crudebyrail shipments. After pushing DOT for years to update their regulations to make these train movements safer, DOT finally issued final regulations in May. However, the rule fell short in several areas, and, therefore, we have included several provisions to fix their shortcomings. 
We require all new tank cars carrying flammable liquids to have a thermal blanket, something DOT failed to do, something that is new in this bill. We also require the railroads to create oil spill emergency response plans similar to what pipeline operators are required to do. Additionally, we ensure that railroads continue to provide States and local emergency responders with information on crudebyrail shipments within their States. 
markup that fixes a loophole that would allow more than 35,000 legacy DOT–111 tank cars to remain in service in perpetuity. This provision will require those cars be upgraded to increase the safety of our railroads. I believe it will significantly improve the safety of hazardous materials transportation, particularly the crudebyrail shipments. 
been one of my top priorities as chairman of the Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials Subcommittee, and I am pleased to be moving these provisions forward. 
We also make significant improvements to DOT’s hazardous materials safety and grant programs. We streamline and speed up the special permits and approvals process to give industry more certainty. We also reform an underutilized grant program to help States train more emergency responders and better plan for incidents. 
that I have long championed and is based on legislation I authored, the NEPA Reciprocity Act. 
Local governments in States with environmental laws equal to or more stringent than NEPA will have the ability to complete one comprehensive environmental review. This will eliminate duplicative environmental reviews and save millions of dollars and years in project delivery time while still ensuring appropriate steps are taken to mitigate the environmental impact. This reform is bipartisan and supported by the National Association of Counties. 
committee is included in this. It encourages the development of pollinator habitat along roadsides and rightsof way. Pollinators are essential to a vibrant and productive farm industry and for the health and welfare of our Nation’s food supply. 
bipartisan reforms in this legislation. Again, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and 
4 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia, ELEANOR HOLMES  
my good friend and—in this enterprise—my partner, along with the informal partnership we made with our Republican chairs. And that is what it has been: an informal partnership with Members and also with staff. 
hours of staff time that went into what is really, in many ways, a complicated bill. The four of us are cosponsors, original cosponsors, of this bill, indicating its bipartisan nature. 
has gone down many of the important parts of the bill, I want to speak to 
three or four that I think are of particular significance. 
Let’s start with funding. We understand that funding is at the core of any transportation, transit, and infrastructure bill. We also understand that there may be barely enough funding to get through 2
6year bill in name and intent only, but it does amount to a 6year promise, and we must keep that promise. 
floor this week because States have so little money that they have virtually ceased beginning major projects, and those are the projects that they most need. The States will be disappointed that the funding is essentially the same as it was in the prior bill, MAP– 21, except for inflation, which, of course, has been virtually nonexistent. But they will be grateful for what this bill provides for the immediate future, unlike our shortterm reauthorizations. 
not obscure what makes this bill unique. It is genuinely bipartisan. It was approved unanimously in committee. When does that happen in this Congress? Democrats and Republicans put aside their many differences, giving up much of what they believe they need. I hope this bill will be a model for how to proceed in the future. 
projects. The administration had a ‘‘Projects of National Significance’’ section in its bill. We have a different major projects section, but it is somewhat comparable. It is meant for transformational investments of the kind that are solely needed throughout the United States: megaprojects. Now States will compete for the funding. 
What is also important in this program of national significance is that it includes freight. For the first time, I 
think, this bill recognizes that whatever we do with transportation and infrastructure, we should have in mind its intermodal connections, and freight is a very important part of those connections. 
I want to mention a 21stcentury approach to the highway trust fund, a provision I especially pressed for. I regard this provision as a provision of overriding importance. When I say a 21stcentury highway trust fund, I mean a trust fund that lasts or can last for 6 years. We are still in the throes of a 1950s highway trust fund. In the last authorization bill, we did nothing to move forward to update the trust fund. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. DeFAZIO. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 2 minutes. 
however, Oregon, Washington, California. So there is $20 million to encourage them to do more. We know what some of these experiments are, vehicle miles, et cetera. Think of new ways. We need to encourage this experiment if we are to fund the trust fund in the future. 
relevant to every State is in this bill, and that is the takeover of the DC–MD– VA Metrorail by the Department of Transportation. That was envisioned in MAP–21. It is not very unusual. 
socalled minority business contract DBE Program, which is available to racial and ethnic minorities, women and servicedisabled veterans. They are the only groups which under the Constitution may obtain this special recognition. The bill enhances Buy America. It has workforce development. It enhances the safety of bus riders and of bus drivers. 
There is $40 million here to encourage Statebased efforts to combat racial profiling and we have seen people in the streets for that one. I am so pleased that there was bipartisan support for that and other provisions. 
the bipartisan partnership we have had as we go forward to the Senate to produce a comprehensive bipartisan, bicameral bill. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ), the vice chairman 
of the full committee and the chair of two critical panels, the P3 panel and the freight movement panel, that developed a lot of what is in this bill. I appreciate his work on that. 
Chairman, I thank the chairman for yielding me this time. I want to congratulate and thank Chairman SHUSTER for his great leadership of our 
committee and especially his hard work on this legislation. I also want to thank my friend, Ranking Member DEFAZIO, for his great work on this 
I rise, Mr. Chairman, in strong support of this very important legislation, this major legislation, that will reauthorize our highway and transit programs. 
We have spent megabillions rebuilding the Middle East over the last 15 years, and I am so pleased that we are now doing major legislation to help rebuild America. 
ranking member for including a number of provisions in this bill that I have requested and I think are very important. 
environmental streamlining provisions that we have worked on for so long on our committee to try to speed up major projects and bring down their costs so that we can do more good things for this country. 
many of the recommendations from the special panels on freight transportation and on publicprivate partnerships, the panels that the chairman just mentioned that he gave me the privilege of chairing, were included in this bill. 
Third, I am pleased that this bill extends the current provisions of law that prevent the use of Federal funds for red light cameras. Many local governments have used these cameras simply as revenue measures without actually making any improvements in safety. 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration to conduct a study on the waiting times for skills testing for truck drivers after going through truck driving courses. 
have become very long, and most graduates cannot afford to wait a long time to take these tests. We already have a shortage of truck drivers. 
improve or do something about that shortage that the trucking companies have so much difficulty with at this time finding adequate personnel. 
of legislation that I have introduced that clarifies hiring standards for freight brokers. I will have a technical amendment to this section later to make sure that small trucking companies are not hurt and that they also will be helped by this provision. 
I support this legislation which will improve the safety of our highways, create thousands of jobs in this country, and help reduce congestion all across this Nation. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for developing a bipartisan bill that is generally balanced and makes significant improvements in some key areas. 
I am concerned that the funding levels in the bill are simply not high enough. We have an almost $1 trillion backlog on our highways, bridges, rail, and transit system, yet this bill provides flat funding of just $325 billion over 6 years. Finding bipartisan consensus on revenue is challenging, but I am confident that a majority in Congress would support funding higher thanbaseline levels with small increases for inflation. 
bill makes a major improvement by creating the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program, which will provide guaranteed dedicated funding for largescale multimodal projects critical to our regional and national economy. 
the freight panel on which I was ranking member with Mr. DUNCAN as chairman. It is essential that we assist projects that are too big or complex for States to address on their own. 
SAFETEA–LU and MAP–21, but this bill finally gets it right and corrects decades of neglect by providing guaranteed funding for multimodal freight projects. 
There is an aggregate cap of $500 million on nonhighway projects, which equals about 11 percent of the program. This seems arbitrarily low, given that 25 to 30 percent of the bill is funded through general revenue. 
and not dilute the selection process with caps and setasides. But the freight program created in this bill is a groundbreaking achievement. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for their commitment. 
in the bill on transit worker safety and workforce development. I oppose dropping the New Starts Federal share from 80 percent to 50 percent. There is a similar provision dropping the Federal share to 50 percent in the freight grant program. 
shifting the burden to States and localities and punishing them for our failure to adequately invest in infrastructure. There are provisions restricting the use for various transportation programs for transit projects, which we hope to correct through the amendment process later today. 
There are some objectionable provisions regarding environmental streamlining and motor carrier safety, but I am pleased that the bill does not broadly increase truck size or weights. I will oppose any amendments to add such dangerous poison pills. 
support moving it forward. I thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for working with us to defend and improve the bill as it moves through the process. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ), the subcommittee 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Chairman, I want to commend the chairman and ranking member for their ability and, for that matter, all my colleagues on the committee for our ability to be able to work together and come up with what I think is a truly good bill. 
The bill reauthorizes programs within the Federal Highway Administration and provides muchneeded investments in our Nation’s highways and bridges. 
create a Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program for largescale projects while making a large number of reforms that will ensure our transportation dollars are put to good use. 
These include streamlining the environmental review and permitting process, converting the Surface Transportation Program to a block grant program, maximizing the flexibility for States and local governments, increasing the amount of funding that is distributed to local governments, expanding funding for rural bridges or those bridges that are off the National Highway System, increasing transparency regarding how Federal highway dollars are being spent, increasing the focus on safety programs particularly of rural roads, and encouraging the installation of vehicletoinfrastructure equipment designed to reduce congestion and improve safety on our roads. 
Federal public transportation programs and implements reforms that are going to ensure transit systems are safer and more efficient. 
The safety of our transportation system must always be at the top of our 
priority list. By giving States the flexibility to focus on the safety needs unique to each community, we can allow them to take advantage of new technologies that are going to reduce accidents and roadway fatalities across this country. We can maintain a focus on safety without imposing undue and duplicative regulatory burdens on States. 
Carrier Safety Administration to review regulations every 5 years to ensure they are current, consistent, and uniformly enforced, allowing us to focus on policies that save lives and abandon those that do not. It also requires FMCSA to look into the effects of raising minimum insurance standards for truck and bus drivers. 
I am proud to have been a part of the 
development of this bipartisan bill. I look forward to moving forward and going to conference with the Senate. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ). 
Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Chairman, first of all, I want to thank the 
fair bill that addresses many of the most pressing needs of our country. Particularly, I want to thank Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
critical freight grant program, but we need to ensure that all modes of transportation are treated equally in the program and should remove any caps 
Alternatives Program, TAP, and creates a new nonmotorized safety grant program, which is critical to my home State of Florida, where several cities have the highest pedestrian fatality rates in the Nation. 
our country. Unfortunately, without critically needed additional funding, we are robbing Peter to pay Paul and forcing our State and local transportation agencies to pay more. 
Like most Members and stakeholders, I miss the past when our committee developed longterm bills with dedicated funding that gave States, local governments, and other transportation stakeholders some stability to plan for future transportation needs and make the investment in equipment and manpower needed to implement these projects. 
funding is absolutely critical to our Nation and, if properly funded, serves as a tremendous economic boost and job creator. In fact, Department of Transportation statistics show that for every billion dollars invested in transportation, it generates 44,000 permanent jobs and $6.2 billion in economic activity. 
States; we are competing with China, Japan, and the European Union, all of whom are spending much more on transportation and infrastructure than the United States. We are the caboose, and they don’t even use cabooses anymore. 
lacks real vision. Without vision, the people perish. The traveling public is pleading with Congress to make transportation and infrastructure a priority. When this happens, we can put millions of hardworking Americans back to work fixing our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure and preparing our country for the future. 
York (Mr. H ANNA ), who, I believe, still 
Mr. HANNA. I thank the chairman. And I still have my union card. Mr. Chairman, this longterm bill 
represents years of work from the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and it is a credit to the leadership of both Chairman SHUSTER  
Mr. Chairman, I would like to highlight two provisions: First, this bill restores the ability of 
States to use up to 10 percent of their funds to capitalize State Infrastructure Banks. These banks free up capital to invest in projects in smaller communities where funding and resources are otherwise unavailable; 
to allow younger CDL holders to drive across State lines. 
yearolds to obtain a CDL and drive a truck, but Federal law prevents them from crossing State borders. In New York, an 18yearold can drive nearly 500 miles from Buffalo to Long Island, yet cannot drive the 15 miles across the border from Binghamton to Pennsylvania. 
This provision will create opportunities for goodpaying jobs, and it supports local economies while keeping our roads safe. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. H ARDY ). 
to address the importance of longterm funding within the transportation sector of our economy. 
built roads, bridges, and dams, I understand how uncertainty can derail the ability to plan and design. 
are not made that cover the timeframe of a month, and transportation planning decisions are not made for the timeframe that cover a year. Transportation and infrastructure planning decisions are made to stretch out over years. I am talking about master planning. These are decisions that reach out to 5, 10, and even 15 years. 
needs of our country. It speaks to the multiyear planners—the States that are planning years in advance for major infrastructure projects. We can’t operate on shortterm fixes. We can’t continue to kick these important decisions down the road. We can’t operate on shortterm patches. Jobs are not created through interim and stopgap bills. Our country needs this certainty. Our citizens deserve this certainty. 
the future, and it provides for certainty. It contains many great provisions: from the crucial extension of Interstate 11 from the city of Las Vegas north to I–80 in northern Nevada, to returning flexibility to all States. 
nature of this body in Congress. This committee worked across the aisle to form solid language on issues that are, in nature, bipartisan. I hope we can continue this momentum well beyond the debate and bring certainty to this House, to our States, and to our country. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. I appreciate my 
colleague’s courtesy in permitting me to speak on this. 
the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee is doing. I feel a bit empty in no longer being on the committee. That is why I try and show up as often as I can when you have things on the floor. There is a soft spot in my heart for the committee, and it is nice to see a SHUSTER again chairing the committee. 
try and call the question. Yours has been a difficult task because the committee on which I sit, the Ways and Means Committee, has yet to address, in a comprehensive way, the longterm funding. Your job is made much more difficult because you are forced to deal with paying for 2015 infrastructure through 2021 with 1993 dollars, and it doesn’t much work. 
In a few minutes, I will be offering to 
the Rules Committee legislation that I have introduced that is supported by the AFL–CIO, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, truckers, AAA, bicyclists, engineers, local government—the widest array of alliances supporting a major piece of legislation here on Capitol Hill. I am not extremely confident that it will be made in order, but I think it is something that should. 
Unless and until we deal with adjusting the user fee, we are going to continue dealing with cats and dogs, short term fixes, having uncertainty, and destroying the principle of user pays, which has been undergirding transportation finance in this country since Oregon gave you the first gas tax dedicated to transportation in 1919. 
I must say that I appreciate the committee looking at transportation for the future. At a time when the number one area of employment for American men is as drivers, we are about to see dramatic changes in technology, in utilization that is going to change the landscape. 
areas of technological innovation. These are areas in which we must accelerate our work lest we be overcome by circumstances. It is a tremendous opportunity for us to get more value out of the transportation system with more safety, to get more efficient, and to be able to open up a whole array of economic opportunities. If we don’t get ahead of it, it is going to be very disruptive. 
something near and dear, I think, to the hearts of a number of us in dealing with pedestrian and cycling activities. We can do better than that, and I hope, through the amendment process and the giveandtake between the House and the Senate, particularly if we are able to give you the funding you need, we can remedy that. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. In the meantime, I appreciate what has been done, the manner in which it has been approached, and the effort to try and bring people together. 
something that was bipartisan in nature, that made people feel good about the process; and it is, of course, the fastest way to put millions of Americans to work at familywage jobs while they improve communities from coast to coast. I look forward to working with the committee as it works its way through the process to make it the best that we can for the multiple objectives that we all share. 
1 minute to the gentleman from upstate New York (Mr. KATKO ), a new 
member of the committee and one of our hardest working members. 
work, done in a bipartisan manner, and it will give State and local governments some funding certainty for the first time in a long time. 
that will speed up planning and permitting, that will give State and local governments increased control over transportation funds, that will help deal with freight bottlenecks, and that will provide new avenues to finance projects. After 35 shortterm extensions to transportation programs since 2009, this longterm bill is exactly what we need. 
hard work they have put in to building a bipartisan consensus around this bill on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and I hope the full House will join with us today to move this very important legislation forward. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from southern California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ), another new and hardworking 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of H.R. 22. 
As a member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I have had the pleasure of working with Chairman SHUSTER to put forth a fiscally responsible, longterm bill that will fund our Nation’s transportation and infrastructure needs. 
would make our highway system more efficient, direct more power and flexibility to States and local governments, cut through bureaucratic red tape, and maintain a strong commitment to safety. 
The importance of our surface transportation system cannot be overstated. It is an integral part of our economic 
engine, and it is vital to our Nation’s movement of goods. In fact, a significant number of consumer goods move through my congressional district, which provides transportation connectivity between the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach and other cities throughout the region. This bill will ensure the safe and efficient movement of freight throughout southern 
today in support of this bill, which will ultimately improve the overall quality of life for all Americans. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
1 minute to the gentlewoman from northern Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). 
to the chairman and to everyone on the committee for working with so many Members on this bipartisan surface transportation reauthorization, which is very important legislation. 
a provision that is vital not only to the entire national capital region but also to my district. It contains the text of the Protect Riders of Metrorail Public Transportation Act, which is the product of collaborative efforts between Ms. NORTON , Ms. E DWARDS of Maryland, 
change to the safety oversight structure of the Washington Metrorail system in the wake of recent accidents and incidents, safety problems, and problems in the reliability of the system. It does so by reinforcing and expanding the authority of the Secretary to use the Federal Transit Administration to directly oversee Metro and to provide safety and reliability to our commuters. 
Our Metro is the second busiest transit system in the country, and it must be the gold standard in safety as well as in reliability because it serves our entire Federal workforce as well as our many visitors to this important national capital region. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
chairman, and I thank everyone involved in this important legislation, of which I am happy to rise in support. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
Mr. ROKITA. I thank Chairman S HUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and 
the chairmen and ranking members of the subcommittees for their excellent work on this. 
Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the certainty, flexibility, and power this legislation gives back to our States, and I look forward to supporting it. I would like to focus on a voluntary, 
multipleuse program that is in this bill. It is an innovative way to give States more flexibility that is commensurate with the design of this bill. 
Critical commerce corridors, otherwise known as CCCs, use our existing interstate system to provide for the physical separation of passenger vehicles from commercial motor vehicles, dedicated onandoff ramps, and freight exchange centers for the movement of freight between and among modes of transportation. These lanes are constructed with a physical separation of passenger and commercial motor freight, and they would be structurally enhanced to handle dedicated freight traffic. This promotes a greater level of safety while making the movement of freight traffic more efficient. 
‘‘CCC’’ isn’t in the bill’s language, although committee staff have been working on it in a very bipartisan manner, and I thank them for it. 
multiple occasions what CCCs are. Is this program something that you and other leaders who have worked on this bill can support? 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
working with the gentleman on this language and moving it to conference. 
It sounds to me like you have put a 
lot of work into it, and I look forward to continuing that work in Congress. 
the term ‘‘critical commerce corridor’’ meaning. We have seen the dangers of leaving terms undefined and of relying on the agency to create a definition that could be nowhere near what Congress intended. 
America, and the CCC concept actually comes from Indiana and, in part, Purdue Universities. I thank the chairman for his commitment that the critical commerce corridor concept is defined appropriately in the legislation as we go through the process. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ). 
acknowledge the difficult and challenging job Chairman SHUSTER and the 
committee have had in crafting this bill. I commend his leadership and hard work on this critically important bill. 
freight and highway projects of national significance. Though this program is of vital importance to projects in our districts, there appears to be a bias on how the vast majority of funds 
have been awarded by the U.S. Department of Transportation, and suburban projects appear to often be ignored. 
Surface Transportation Program, or STP, to a grant program with the intention of allowing States added flexibility in receiving funding for local projects. I ask the chairman to be mindful of the distribution of such funding levels as it pertains to suburban projects. 
the chairman has had to make to get this bill through the House, I would ask that, as this bill moves to conference, we work together to find some level of equitable distribution of Federal funds to suburban areas. 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
work with the gentleman on this issue as it moves to conference. 
time, I thank the chairman for his response and for his leadership on the committee, and I look forward to working with him on this important issue. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chair, I don’t believe we have any more speakers left. 
How many minutes do we each have? The CHAIR. The gentleman from 
Pennsylvania has 9 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Oregon has 10
earlier, this bill at this point is an excellent product policywise. We will vigorously debate improvements and potentially problematic amendments over the next 2 days and, hopefully, have a similar or an improved product in the end. Whether or not we will be allowed to attempt to augment the funding remains to be seen. 
With that, we are off to a good start. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I am 
sure I can count on the gentleman from Oregon to continue his vigorous debate on the issues we have had for months. 
critical to America and to our economy. It is a good bipartisan bill that has widespread support. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage all Members to support this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
amendment shall be considered for amendment under the 5minute rule. 
House Report 114–325 is adopted. The Senate amendment, as amended, shall be considered as read. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Developing a 
Reliable and Innovative Vision for the Economy Act’’ or the ‘‘DRIVE Act’’. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANSPORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
C, and D, including the amendments made by those divisions, take effect on October 1, 2015. 
national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation program under section 133 of that title, the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of that title, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149 of that title, the national freight program under section 167 of that title, the transportation alternatives program under section 213 of that title, and to carry out section 134 of that title— 
AND INNOVATION PROGRAM .—For credit assistance under the transportation infrastructure finance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, $300,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
the tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
transportation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the National Park Service; and 
for each fiscal year shall be the amount for the United States Fish and Wildlife Service. 
the Federal lands access program under section 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $190,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
program under section 171 of title 23, United States Code— 
training and education under section 504 of title 23, United States Code, $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
PROGRAM .—To carry out the intelligent transportation systems program under sections 512 through 518 of title 23, United States Code, $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
PROGRAM .—To carry out the university transportation centers program under section 5505 of title 49, United States Code, $72,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
There are authorized to be appropriated out of the general fund of the Treasury to carry out chapter 63 of title 49, United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
due to the establishment of the disadvantaged business enterprise program, discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority and womenowned businesses seeking to do business in federally assisted surface transportation markets across the United States; 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $23,980,000, as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
Except to the extent that the Secretary determines otherwise, not less than 10 percent of the amounts made available for any program under divisions A and B of this Act and section 403 of title 23, United States Code, shall be expended through small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
(iii) individuals who are women and are otherwise socially and economically disadvantaged individuals. 
minimum requirements for use by State governments in reporting to the Secretary— 
determines to be appropriate for the proper monitoring of the disadvantaged business enterprise program. 
Assistance Act of 1978 (23 U.S.C. 144 note; 92 Stat. 2714); 
Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
Surface Transportation and Uniform Relocation Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
(as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
(as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
obligation authority was made available under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subsequent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that section were not subject to a limitation on obligations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
(as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
(but, for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for Federalaid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
for each such program for the fiscal year; and 
the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fiscal year; bears to 
appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 405)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
striking ‘‘and the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program’’ and inserting ‘‘the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program, the national freight program’’; 
aside for the national freight program for all States shall be— 
amount set aside under this paragraph for a State, the Secretary shall use to carry out section 134 an amount determined by multiplying the setaside amount by the proportion that— 
carry out section 134 for fiscal year 2009; bears to 
2016 through 2021, the amount for each State of combined apportionments for the national highway performance program under section 119, the surface transportation program under section 133, the highway safety improvement program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, the national freight program under section 167, the transportation alternatives program under section 213, and to carry out section 134, shall be determined as follows: 
each State shall be determined by multiplying the total amount available for apportionment by the share for each State, which shall be equal to the proportion that— 
‘‘(II) the amount of those apportionments received by all States for that fiscal year. 
each State, the amount of combined apportionments for the programs shall not be less than 95 percent of the estimated tax payments attributable to highway users in the State paid into the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) in the most recent fiscal year for which data are available. 
Section 133 of title 23, United States Code, is 
subsection, the term ‘offNHS bridge’ means a highway bridge located on a public road, other than a bridge on the National Highway System.’’; and 
replacement (including replacement with fill material), rehabilitation, preservation, and protection (including scour countermeasures, seismic retrofits, impact protection measures, security countermeasures, and protection against extreme events) for offNHS bridges an amount equal to the greater of— 
‘‘(ii) an amount equal to at least 110 percent 
of the amount of funds set aside for bridges not on Federalaid highways in the State for fiscal year 2014.’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, and is determined by the 
Secretary upon completion to be no longer a deficient bridge’’; 
this subsection shall be available under the requirements of section 1303 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note; Public Law 109–59). 
only to funds apportioned to a State after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
than 30 days before the beginning of the fiscal year for which the designation is being made; and 
Section 134 of title 23, United States Code, is 
of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transportation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
title, the Lake Tahoe Region shall be treated as— 
a population of 145,000 in the State of California and a population of 65,000 in the State of Nevada. 
intercity bus operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; 
consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a costeffective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’ before the period at the end; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus operators),’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
Section 144 of title 23, United States Code, is 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
is to save costs and time by encouraging States to bundle multiple bridge projects as 1 project. 
subsection, the term ‘eligible entity’ means an entity eligible to carry out a bridge project under section 119 or 133. 
other provision of law (including regulations), an eligible bridge project included in a bundle under this subsection may be listed as— 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
and rural bridge projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code, subject to the provisions of this section and on request by a State, the Secretary may— 
than $30,000,000 and Federal funds comprising less than 15 percent of the total estimated project cost. 
and additional flexibility from regulatory requirements may be granted if, in the opinion of the Secretary— 
(ii) the project is not expected to have an adverse impact on safety; and 
(iii) the assistance would be in the public interest for 1 or more reasons, including— 
area where the construction season is relatively short and not granting the waiver or additional flexibility could delay the project to a later construction season; or 
1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
officer to comply with or enforce any law or requirement described in this paragraph. 
ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; and 
each ferry system in the most recent calendar year for which data is available; bears to 
all ferry systems in the most recent calendar year for which data is available. 
There is authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to carry out this section $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
chapter that are applicable to the National Highway System, other than provisions relating to apportionment formula and Federal share, shall apply to funds made available to carry out this section, except as determined by the Secretary to be inconsistent with this section.’’. 
available for each fiscal year to carry out chapter 63 of title 49, not more than $500,000 to maintain the database.’’. 
inserting ‘‘, or on a public transit ferry eligible under chapter 53 of title 49’’ after ‘‘Interstate System’’; 
Federal participation under this title may be sold, leased, or otherwise disposed of, except in accordance with part 18 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on December 18, 2014). 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, is 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicletoinfrastructure 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that provide 
separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedestrian crossing islands. 
Section 148 of title 23, United States Code, is 
collect fundamental data elements for the model inventory of roadway elements on public roads that are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved if— 
roads in the State are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 10 percent of fatalities in the 
roads in the State are gravel roads or otherwise unpaved; and 
‘‘(ii) less than 25 percent of fatalities in the 
Section 149 of title 23, United States Code, is 
of’’ and inserting ‘‘attainment or maintenance of the area of’’; and 
inserting ‘‘or portrelated freight operations’’ after ‘‘construction projects’’; and 
priority to corridors designated under section 151)’’ after ‘‘at any location in the State’’; 
manner consistent with the approach that was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary shall modify’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘are proven to reduce’’ and inserting ‘‘reduce directly emitted’’; and 
maintenance area’’ and inserting ‘‘that has 1 or more nonattainment or maintenance areas’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘a nonattainment or maintenance area that are’’ and inserting ‘‘the nonattainment or maintenance areas that are’’; 
(iii) by striking ‘‘such area’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘such areas’’; and 
does not have projects that are part of the emissions analysis of a metropolitan transportation plan or transportation improvement program; and 
insignificant contributor to the air quality problem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or maintenance area. 
aside for the program under this section shall be $850,000,000 for each fiscal year. 
all States for that fiscal year for the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
by striking ‘‘greater than 5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘of 5,000 or more’’; and 
Nothing in this section prevents a metropolitan planning organization from further suballocating funds within the boundaries of the metropolitan planning area if a competitive process is implemented for the award of the suballocated funds.’’; and 
planning organization responsible for carrying out the requirements of this section shall submit to the Secretary an annual report that describes— 
‘‘(ii) the types of project to be carried out (as 
the date of enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall develop regulations or guidance relating to the implementation of this section that encourages the use of the programmatic approaches to environmental reviews, expedited procurement techniques, and other best practices to facilitate productive and timely expenditure for projects that are small, lowimpact, and constructed within an existing built environment. 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue guidance relating to working with State departments of transportation that request assistance from the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration— 
shall direct the division offices of the Federal Highway Administration to work with the applicable State department of transportation that requests assistance under this section— 
State may submit to the Secretary a request to modify the National Highway System by withdrawing a road from the National Highway System. 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes a description of— 
consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal,’’; and 
consisting of a connector to a major intermodal terminal or the withdrawal of a road from that system,’’ after ‘‘the National Highway System’’; and 
by striking ‘‘the Federalaid system’’ and inserting ‘‘Federalaid highways’’; and 
private motorcoach that serves the public shall be provided access to a toll facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions as public transportation buses in the State.’’. 
Section 166 of title 23, United States Code, is 
allow vehicles not otherwise exempt under this subsection to use the HOV facility if the operators of the vehicles pay a toll charged by the agency for use of the facility and the agency— 
motorists can enroll and participate in the toll program; 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a high occupancy vehicle 
facility that affects a metropolitan area, submits to the Secretary a written statement that the metropolitan planning organization designated under section 134 for the area has been consulted concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the converted facility; 
‘‘(iii) develops, manages, and maintains a system that will automatically collect the toll; and 
‘‘(II) to enforce violations of the use of the facility; and 
that serve the public are provided access to the facility under the same rates, terms, and conditions, as public transportation buses in the State. 
date on which the Secretary determines that the State agency has brought the HOV facility into compliance with this subsection, the State agency shall submit biannual updates that describe— 
Act for the 21st Century (Public Law 105–178; 112 Stat. 212) is amended— 
condition, and intensity of use of the facility’’ and inserting ‘‘an analysis demonstrating that the facility has a significant age, condition, or intensity of use to require expedited reconstruction or rehabilitation’’; 
and that demonstrates the capability of that agency to perform or oversee the building, operation, and maintenance of a toll expressway system meeting criteria for the Interstate System’’ before the semicolon at the end; and 
for implementing tolls on the facility takes into account the interests and use of local, regional, and interstate travelers. 
for the collection of tolls on the facility, including any locations in proximity to a State border. 
finding of no significant impact, or a record of decision under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(ii) complies with the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.).’’; 
by striking ‘‘Before the Secretary may permit’’ and inserting ‘‘As a condition of permitting’’; 
after receipt of an application under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the applicant a written notice informing the applicant whether— 
specifying the details of the additional required information or materials. 
notice by the Secretary that the application is complete and meets all requirements of this subsection, the project is considered approved and shall be permitted to participate in the program under this subsection. 
under this subsection on or after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
which the application is approved, issue a solicitation for a contract to provide for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facility; and 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date on 
which the application is approved, execute a contract for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facility. ‘‘(ii) PRIOR APPLICATIONS .—For an application that received a conditional provisional approval under this subsection before the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of a facility, a State shall— 
‘‘(II) not later than 2 years after the date of 
enactment of the DRIVE Act, execute a contract for the reconstruction or rehabilitation of the facility. 
year for the applicable deadline, on the condition that— 
‘‘(aa) there has been demonstrable progress toward meeting the applicable requirements; and 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled periods, extreme weather conditions, or emergencies, the road— 
‘‘(ii) is open to the general public; and ‘‘(iii) can accommodate travel by a standard 
passenger vehicle, without restrictive gates or prohibitive signs or regulations, other than for general traffic control or restrictions based on size, weight, or class of registration. 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehicle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or differential to the ground.’’. 
tribal government fails to ensure that any highway bridge that is open to public travel and located in the jurisdiction of the Federal agency or tribal government is properly closed or restricted to loads that the bridge can carry safely, the Secretary— 
restrict loads on the bridge, require the Federal agency or tribal government to take action necessary— 
on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
restrict loads on the bridge, require the State to take action necessary— 
on the bridge to loads that the bridge can carry safely; and 
States Code, is amended by inserting after section 150 the following: 
the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall designate national electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling corridors that identify the near and longterm need for, and location of, electric vehicle charging infrastructure and natural gas fueling infrastructure at strategic locations along major national highways to improve the mobility of passenger and commercial vehicles that employ electric and natural gas fueling technologies across the United States. 
officials for facilities to be included in the corridors; 
charging and natural gas fueling corridors designated by a State or group of States; and 
existing electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
natural gas fueling infrastructure and standardization needs for electricity providers, natural gas providers, infrastructure providers, vehicle manufacturers, electricity purchasers, and natural gas purchasers; and 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehicle charging and natural gas fueling infrastructure in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2021.’’. 
of chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 151 and inserting the following: 
apportioned under this section for projects intended to reduce the risk of failure of facilities designated as being on the critical infrastructure network of the State.’’. 
structurally deficient bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘each bridge in poor condition’’. 
Section 202 of title 23, United States Code, is 
nationally significant Federal lands and tribal projects program (referred to in this section as the ‘‘program’’) to provide funding to construct, reconstruct, or rehabilitate nationally significant Federal lands and tribal transportation projects. 
local government may only apply for funding under the program if sponsored by an eligible Federal land management agency or Indian tribe. 
under the program shall be a single continuous project— 
a Federal lands access transportation facility, or a Tribal transportation facility (as those terms are defined in section 101 of title 23, United States Code), except that such facility is not required to be included on an inventory described in sections 202 or 203 of title 23, United States Code; 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) has been demonstrated through— 
eligible applicant receiving funds under the program may only use the funds for construction, reconstruction, and rehabilitation activities. 
submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
project to receive funds under the program, the Secretary shall consider the extent to which the project— 
funds received under the program, to construct, maintain, and operate the facility; 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $150,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021, to remain available for a period of 3 fiscal years following the fiscal 
so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secretaries’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) REQUIREMENT .—Data collected to implement the tribal transportation program shall be in accordance with the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.). 
DEPLOYMENT .—The Secretary may conduct cooperative research and technology deployment in coordination with Federal land management agencies, as determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
bridge even if that bridge is not included on the inventory described under section 203; and 
out by Federal land management agencies eligible for funding under this chapter.’’. 
Section 203 of title 23, United States Code, is 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with natural resource and land management responsibilities.’’; and 
changes since July 1, 2012, in the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor; and 
U.S.C. 109 note; Public Law 112–141) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
modify the template as necessary to address the unique needs and characteristics of the State. 
enactment of this Act), and are identified in the programmatic agreement. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
methodologies on those areas within the special expertise or jurisdiction of the Federal participating or cooperating agency; and 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code, is 
any highway project, public transportation capital project, or multimodal project that, if implemented as proposed by the project sponsor, would require approval by any operating administration or secretarial office within the Department. 
paragraph, the Secretary shall take into account, if known, any sources of Federal funding or financing identified by the project sponsor, including discretionary grant, loan, and loan guarantee programs administered by the Department.’’; 
any additional information that the project sponsor considers to be important to initiate the process for the proposed project)’’ after ‘‘location of the proposed project’’; and 
45 days after the date on which an application is received by the Secretary under this subsection, the Secretary shall provide to the project sponsor a written response that, as applicable— 
submit a request to the Secretary to designate a specific operating administration or secretarial office within the Department of Transportation to serve as the Federal lead agency for a project. 
‘‘(iii) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—If additional information is submitted in accordance with clause (ii)(III), the Secretary shall respond to that submission not later than 45 days after the date of receipt.’’; and 
National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and 
‘‘(II) the evaluation of alternatives in the metropolitan transportation planning process under section 134 of title 23, United States Code, or an environmental review process carried out under State law (referred to in this subparagraph as a ‘State environmental review process’). 
lead agency may eliminate from detailed consideration an alternative proposed in an environmental impact statement regarding a project if, as determined by the lead agency— 
metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency, as applicable, regarding analysis of alternatives in the metropolitan planning process or State environmental review process, including guidance on the requirements under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other requirements of Federal law necessary for approval of the project; 
process or State environmental review process included an opportunity for public review and comment; 
organization or State or local transportation agency rejected the alternative after considering public comments; 
reviewed the alternative evaluation approved by the applicable metropolitan planning organization or State or local transportation agency; and 
‘‘(aa) in consultation with Federal participating or cooperating agencies, that the alternative to be eliminated from consideration is not necessary for compliance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); or 
‘‘(bb) with the concurrence of Federal agencies with jurisdiction over a permit or approval required for a project, that the alternative to be eliminated from consideration is not necessary for any permit or approval under any other Federal law.’’. 
including modifications to the project schedule’’ after ‘‘review process’’; and 
‘‘(II) If no schedule exists, the later of— ‘‘(aa) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which an application for the permit, license or approval is complete; or 
‘‘(bb) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which the Federal lead agency issues a decision on the project under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
that support the position of the lead agency; and 
practicable, the lead agency shall expeditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
makes substantial changes to the proposed action that are relevant to environmental or safety concerns; or 
‘‘(ii) bear on the proposed action or the impacts of the proposed action.’’. 
Section 139 of title 23, United States Code (as 
Section 168 of title 23, United States Code, is 
term ‘environmental review process’ means the process for preparing for a project an environmental impact statement, environmental assessment, categorical exclusion, or other document prepared under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
product’ means a decision, analysis, study, or other documented information that is the result of an evaluation or decisionmaking process carried out by a metropolitan planning organization or a State, as appropriate, during metropolitan or statewide transportation planning under section 134 or 135, respectively. 
the Federal lead agency for a project may adopt and use a planning product in proceedings relating to any class of action in the environmental review process of the project. 
agency makes a determination to adopt and use a planning product, the Federal lead agency shall identify the agencies that participated in the development of the planning products. 
the environmental review process may adopt decisions from a planning product, including— 
corridor or modal choice, including a decision to implement corridor or subarea study recommendations to advance different modal solutions as separate projects with independent utility; 
‘‘(iii) a programmatic mitigation plan developed in accordance with section 169. 
the environmental review process may adopt analyses from a planning product, including— 
or for programmatic level mitigation, for potential effects that the Federal lead agency determines are most effectively addressed at a regional or national program level. 
through a planning process conducted pursuant to applicable Federal law. 
consultation with appropriate Federal and State resource agencies and Indian tribes. 
multidisciplinary consideration of systemslevel or corridorwide transportation needs and potential effects, including effects on the human and natural environment. 
or new circumstance that has a reasonable likelihood of affecting the continued validity or appropriateness of the planning product. 
basis and is based on reliable and reasonably current data and reasonable and scientifically acceptable methodologies. 
sufficient detail to support the decision or the results of the analysis and to meet requirements for use of the information in the environmental review process. 
adoption and use in the environmental review process for the project and is incorporated in accordance with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and section 1502.21 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act). 
product adopted by the Federal lead agency in accordance with this section may be— 
under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
Initiation of the environmental review process as a part of, or concurrently with, transportation planning activities does not subject transportation plans and programs to the environmental review process. 
not affect the use of planning products in the environmental review process pursuant to other authorities under any other provision of law or restrict the initiation of the environmental review process during planning.’’. 
is amended by inserting after section 306 the following: 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 307 and inserting the following: 
Section 326 of title 23, United States Code, is 
Governor of a State, the Secretary shall provide to the State technical assistance, training, or other support relating to— 
not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to take 
such corrective action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the State, 
not adequately carrying out the responsibilities assigned to the State; 
‘‘(ii) a period of not less than 120 days to take 
such corrective action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to comply with the applicable agreement; and 
‘‘(iii) on request of the Governor of the State, 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that requires approval by more than 1 Department of Transportation operating administration or secretarial office.’’. 
authority that is not the lead authority with respect to a project’’ and inserting ‘‘operating administration or secretarial office that has expertise but is not the lead authority with respect to a proposed multimodal project’’; and 
to the determination of the lead authority of the applicability of a categorical exclusion; 
component of the proposed multimodal project to be covered by the categorical exclusion of the cooperating authority has independent utility; and 
individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
that merit additional analysis and documentation in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.).’’; and 
cooperating authority shall provide expertise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall examine ways to modernize, simplify, and improve the implementation of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.) by the Department. 
States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), a State may allow the maintenance of a sign of a service club, charitable association, or religious service that was erected as of the date of enactment of this Act, the area of which is less than or equal to 32 square feet, if the State notifies the Federal Highway Administration. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
et seq.) and section 306108 of title 54, including 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no feasible or prudent alternative to avoid use of an historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is participating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preservation 
under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4231 et seq.), the Secretary determines that there is no feasible or prudent alternative to avoid use of an historic site, the Secretary may— 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is participating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
‘‘(III) the Secretary of the Interior; and ‘‘(iii) request from the applicable preservation 
138 of title 23, United States Code, as amended by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
303 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 11116, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
bridge or culvert (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54, United States Code, shall be exempt from consideration under this section.’’. 
(ii) a list of practicable measures that will be 
undertaken to minimize or mitigate significant adverse impacts on the population of that species; 
will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by species, to be taken in the proposed action. 
be consistent with treaties relating to migratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
eligible project under title 23, United States Code, before receiving project authorization from the State, in the case of a subrecipient, and the Secretary to proceed with the project; and 
designated nonattainment or maintenance area for air quality, if the conformity requirements of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.) have been met; and 
incurred after the date of the project authorization by the Department. 
elects to use the authority provided under this section shall— 
the authority under this section to advance a project beyond preliminary engineering prior to the completion of the environmental review process; 
or the eligibility of the project for future Federalaid highway funding. 
this section, the term ‘‘qualified revenues’’ means any amounts— 
State contributes qualified revenues to cover not less than 5 percent of the total cost of a project eligible for assistance under this title, the Federal share payable for the project under this section may be increased by an amount that is— 
is amended by inserting ‘‘(including new or modified freewaytocrossroad interchanges inside a transportation management area)’’ after 
Section 127 of title 23, United States Code, is 
operated by an engine fueled primarily by natural gas, may exceed any vehicle weight limit (up to a maximum gross vehicle weight of 82,000 pounds) under this section by an amount that is equal to the difference between— 
the natural gas tank and fueling system carried by that vehicle; and 
this subsection, the term ‘emergency vehicle’ means a vehicle designed to be used under emergency conditions— 
Route 63 between the exits for highways 14 and 75 in the State of Arkansas is designated as part of the Interstate System— 
the segment before the date of the designation at the posted speed limit may continue to operate on that segment; and 
posted speed limit on the segment that could otherwise legally operate on the segment before the date of the designation may continue to operate on that segment during daylight hours.’’. 
Section 1105 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2031) is amended— 
North Carolina, through Rocky Mount, Williamston and Elizabeth City, North Carolina, to Norfolk, Virginia.’’; 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) include Texas State Highway 44 from 
United States Route 59 at Freer, Texas, to Texas State Highway 358.’’; and 
Corridor, from the vicinity of Las Vegas extending north along United States Route 95, terminating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and 
795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate 
Route 40 west of Faison, Sampson County, North Carolina. 
at the logical terminus of Interstate 10, and generally following portions of United States Route 190 eastward passing in the vicinity Fort Hood, Killeen, Belton, Temple, Bryan, College Station, Huntsville, Livingston, Woodville, and to the logical terminus of Texas Highway 63 at the Sabine River Bridge at Burrs Crossing.’’; 
Stat. 293; 119 Stat. 1213), in the first sentence— 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including the installation of interoperable vehicleto infrastructure communication equipment’’ after ‘‘capital improvements’’. 
parkandride lot facilities or portions of park andride lot facilities to a local government agency for highway purposes if authorized to do so under State law. 
State’’ means a State that receives a credit by transfer or by sale under this section from an eligible State. 
by States provides the purchasing State budget flexibility to deal with funding issues, including offsystem needs, transit systems with high operating costs, or cash flow issues; and 
credit market to allow all States to participate on a permanent basis. 
(iii) the intended use of the cash; and (iv) an update on the remaining toll credit 
thereafter that the pilot program is in effect, the Secretary shall— 
and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that— 
could be expanded to more States or all States; and 
governments to evaluate and structure projects involving the investment of private capital; 
infrastructure project analysis and using innovative financing for public infrastructure projects; 
designed to facilitate the creation of a pipeline of infrastructure projects available for investment; 
into larger proposals that may be more attractive for investment; and 
once each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes the findings and effectiveness of the program. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program $12,000,000, of which the Secretary shall use— 
trading routes connecting growing ports, agricultural regions, infrastructure and manufacturing centers, and existing high priority corridors of the National Highway System; and 
future Interstate 11 and the CANAMEX Corridor, a route directly linking the United States with Mexico and Canada. 
connecting Interstate 19 to Interstate 10 south of the Tucson International Airport.’’. 
bridge inspection methods that provide quantitative datadriven decisionmaking capabilities without requiring lane closures; and 
for soil bank stabilization and roadway sound attenuation, and articulated technology for hydraulic sheerresistant erosion control.’’; and 
authorized to carry out this subsection to make grants to, and enter into cooperative agreements and contracts with, States, other Federal agencies, local governments, metropolitan planning organizations, institutions of higher education, private sector entities, and nonprofit organizations to carry out demonstration programs that will accelerate the deployment and adoption of transportation research activities;’’; 
A description of the application process established by the Secretary shall— 
‘‘(III) identify the criteria by which the Secretary shall select grant recipients. 
fiscal years 2013 through 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘each fiscal year’’. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
under this subsection, an eligible entity shall submit an application to the Secretary that includes— 
longterm operation and maintenance of intelligent transportation systems to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment, such as— 
operations, including ITS applications necessary for multimodal systems integration and for achieving performance goals; 
‘‘(ii) optimization of system efficiency; and ‘‘(iii) improvement of access to transportation 
project will improve the efficiency of the transportation system and reduce traffic congestion in the region; 
sector, including telecommunications industries and public service utilities, public agencies (including multimodal and multijurisdictional entities), research institutions, organizations representing transportation and technology leaders, and other transportation stakeholders; 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary may provide grants to eligible entities under this subsection. 
grant under this subsection, the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that grant recipients represent diverse geographical areas of the United States, including urban, suburban, and rural areas. 
grant under the subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to grant recipients that demonstrate an ability to contribute a significant nonFederal share to the cost of carrying out the project for which the grant is received. 
grants awarded under this subsection may be used include— 
ITS and ITSenabled operations strategies that improve performance in the areas of— 
‘‘(iii) incident management; ‘‘(iv) transit and commercial vehicle operations improvements; 
creation of networks that link metropolitan and rural surface transportation systems into an integrated data network, capable of collecting, sharing, and archiving transportation system traffic condition and performance information; 
year that an eligible entity receives a grant under this subsection, not later than 1 year after receiving the grant, each recipient shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes how the project has met the expectations projected in the deployment plan submitted with the application, including information on— 
transportation system performance through the deployment of advanced technologies; 
integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public that allows the public to make informed travel decisions; and 
future deployment strategies to optimize transportation efficiency and multimodal system performance. 
years after the date on which the first grant is awarded under this subsection and annually thereafter for each fiscal year for which grants are awarded under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that describes the effectiveness of the grant recipients in meeting the projected deployment plan goals, including data on how the grant program has— 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
of the cost of a project for which a grant is provided under this subsection shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project. 
each fiscal year to carry out the intelligent transportation system program under sections 512 through 518, not less than $30,000,000 shall be used to carry out this subsection.’’. 
States to respond to securityrelated or other manmade emergencies and natural disasters; and 
United States and support to freight policy goals by conducting heavy duty vehicle demonstration activities and accelerating adoption of ITS applications in freight operations.’’. 
infrastructure is critical to the economic well being, health, and welfare of the people of the United States; 
is the backbone to that transportation infrastructure system; and 
yearold Interstate System are well beyond the 50year design life of the System and yet these aging facilities are central to the transportation infrastructure system, carrying 25 percent of the vehicle traffic of the United States on just 1 percent of the total public roadway mileage; 
later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and restore the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a premier system network that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st century and for the next 50 years (referred to in this section as the ‘‘study’’). 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and improvement of the Interstate System by considering— 
that should be added to the existing Interstate System to more efficiently serve national traffic flows; 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and 
operations, for purposes of safety, and system management, taking into further consideration system performance and cost; and 
national experts including current and future owners, operators, and users of the Interstate System and private sector stakeholders; and 
date of enactment of this Act, the Transportation Research Board shall submit to the Secretary, the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study conducted under this section. 
carry out the Highway Research and Development Program, the Secretary shall use up to $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out this section. 
the research of userbased alternative revenue mechanisms that preserve a user fee structure to maintain the longterm solvency of the Highway Trust Fund. 
demonstrate and test those userbased alternative revenue mechanisms, including by conducting field trials, by partnering with individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to conduct the research activities; 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation programs and provide information on possible approaches; 
adoption and implementation of those user based alternative revenue mechanisms; and 
grants to individual States, groups of States, or other appropriate entities to conduct research that addresses— 
party vendors to collect fees and operate the userbased alternative revenue mechanism; 
the userbased alternative revenue mechanism on differing income groups, various geographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall establish and lead a Surface Transportation Revenue Alternatives Advisory Council (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Council’’) to inform the selection and evaluation of userbased alternative revenue mechanisms. 
(aa) not fewer than 1 shall be from the Department; 
(bb) not fewer than 1 shall be from the Department of the Treasury; and 
(cc) not fewer than 2 shall be from State departments of transportation; 
the date on which the Council is established, the Council shall, at a minimum— 
assess questions and concerns about the user based alternative revenue mechanisms for future evaluation through research activities; and 
periodic evaluations of the research activities that have received assistance from the Secretary under this section. 
to the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the research activities under this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Secretary of the Treasury, the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress of the research activities. 
research activities under this section, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Treasury, acting jointly, shall submit to the Committee on Finance and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Ways and Means and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results 
section in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
out by the entity under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
to assess local and crossjurisdictional travel, including to accommodate external and through travel; 
analysis tools to accommodate performance measures, targets, and related data, so as to better understand trip origin and destination, trip time, and mode; 
carry out the Highway Research and Development Program, the Administrator may use up to $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
for the Department, State departments of transportation, and all other recipients of Federal transportation funds— 
solutions that provide greater accountability for public investments and encourage greater private sector involvement; and 
Administrator shall work collaboratively with stakeholders to identify a new collection of innovations, best practices, and data to be deployed to highway stakeholders through case studies, webinars, and demonstration projects. 
1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the heads of other Federal agencies with responsibility for the review and approval of projects funded under title 23, United States Code, shall measure and report on— 
reviews of projects funded under title 23, United States Code, and the improvement of project delivery associated with those projects; and 
4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b)); and 
under this section shall be to reward entities for the implementation of policies and procedures that— 
the surface transportation system and improve transportation outcomes; or 
that improve the efficiency and performance of the surface transportation system. 
achieving, performance targets that exceed the requirements of title 23, United States Code; 
that enhance the effective movement of people, goods, and services, such as technologies that reduce construction time, improve operational efficiencies, and extend the service life of highways and bridges; and 
and procedures that improve transparency and the development of transportation investment strategies within the jurisdiction of the eligible entity. 
available to carry out this section shall be used for projects eligible for funding under— 
under this section shall be not more than $15,000,000. 
Amounts made available under this section shall be administered as if the funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code. 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act and quarterly thereafter, the Secretary shall compile data in accordance with this subsection on the use of Federalaid highway program funds made available under this title. 
of Transportation and can be searched and downloaded by users of the website. 
include comprehensive data for each program, organized by State, that includes— 
obligation, identifying the unobligated balance of funds available at the end of the preceding fiscal year and new funding available for the current fiscal year; 
balance during the current fiscal year, including the obligated, unexpended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and current fiscal year expenditures; and 
practicable, the report shall include projectspecific data, including data describing— 
‘‘(III) 50,000 or more individuals; ‘‘(iii) the total cost of the project; ‘‘(iv) the amount of Federal funding being 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report describing the administrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration funded from the Highway Trust Fund during the 3 most recent fiscal years. 
administrative expenses is used as efficiently as practicable; and 
amounts from the Highway Trust Fund between fulltime equivalent employees and other functions. 
available to the public on the website of the Department any report required to be submitted by 
the Secretary to Congress after the date of enactment of this Act. 
during 2 consecutive reporting periods, the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, in a State falls’’ and inserting ‘‘If a State reports that the condition of the Interstate System, excluding bridges on the Interstate System, has fallen’’. 
by striking ‘‘may take into account’’ and inserting ‘‘shall consider’’; and 
Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials; 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; 
the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Secretary shall establish standards to ensure that the design of Federal surface transportation projects provides for the safe and adequate accommodation (as determined by the State or other direct recipient of funds), in all phases of project planning, development, and operation, of all users of the transportation network, including motorized and nonmotorized users. 
transportation shall submit a report to the Secretary, at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary shall require, that describes measures implemented by the State to comply with this subsection. 
TITLE III—TRANSPORTATION INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE AND INNOVATION ACT OF 1998 AMENDMENTS 
the proceeds of a secured loan made to a State infrastructure bank in accordance with sections 602 and 603, for the purpose of making loans to sponsors of rural infrastructure projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘(which shall receive an investment grade rating from a rating agency)’’; 
to the availability of future funds being made available to carry out this chapter;’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to— 
made available to carry out the TIFIA program; and 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
Interior pursuant to section 10 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1539); and 
‘‘(ii) as determined by the Secretary of the Interior, would mitigate the environmental impacts of transportation infrastructure projects otherwise eligible for assistance under the TIFIA program; and 
fund by a State infrastructure bank with the proceeds of a secured loan made in accordance with sections 602 and 603, for the purpose of making loans to sponsors of rural infrastructure projects in accordance with section 610.’’; 
and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘means a surface transportation infrastructure project located in an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census.’’; 
‘State infrastructure bank’ means an infrastructure bank established under section 610.’’; and 
inserting ‘‘established under sections 602 through 609’’ after ‘‘Department’’. 
and heading and all that follows through ‘‘In the case’’ and inserting the following: 
In the case’’; and (II) by adding at the end the following: 
PROJECTS .—In the case of a project described in 
‘‘(iii) RURAL PROJECTS .—In the case of a rural 
infrastructure project or a project capitalizing a rural projects fund, eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000, but not to exceed $100,000,000. 
‘‘(iv) LOCAL INFRASTRUCTURE PROJECTS .—Eligible project costs shall be reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $10,000,000 in the case of projects or programs of projects— 
‘‘(II) located on a facility owned by a local 
a local government is substantially involved in the development of the project.’’; 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the State infrastructure bank shall demonstrate, not later than 2 years after the date on which a secured loan is obligated for the project under the TIFIA program, that the bank has executed a loan agreement with a borrower for a rural infrastructure project in accordance with section 610. After the demonstration is made, the bank may draw upon the secured loan. At the end of the 2year period, to the extent the bank has not used the loan commitment, the Secretary may extend the term of the loan or withdraw the loan commitment.’’; 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agreement for a program of related projects secured by a common security pledge on terms acceptable to the Secretary. 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eligible projects for a fiscal year and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit instrument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a credit instrument until the fiscal year for which additional funds are available to receive credit assistance.’’; 
capitalizing a rural projects fund, any other dedicated revenue sources available to a State infrastructure bank, including repayments from loans made by the bank for rural infrastructure projects; and’’; 
project capitalizing a rural projects fund, the final maturity date of the secured loan shall not exceed 35 years after the date on which the secured loan is obligated.’’; 
provided on a project receiving a loan under this chapter’’ and inserting the following: 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter (other than section 610)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘the TIFIA program’’. 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, is amended— 
term ‘rural infrastructure project’ has the meaning given the term in section 601. 
projects fund’ has the meaning given the term in section 601.’’; 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘in each fiscal year’’; 
account, transit account, or rail account of the bank, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private entity to carry out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
projects fund, make loans to a public or private entity to carry out a rural infrastructure project. 
account, transit account, or rail account, make loans or provide other forms of credit assistance to a public or private entity in an amount up to 100 percent of the cost of carrying out a project eligible for assistance under this section; and 
projects fund, make loans to a public or private entity in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of the cost of carrying out a rural infrastructure project. 
provided with respect to a project from Federal funds deposited into a State infrastructure bank 
under this section may not be made in the form of a grant.’’; 
that any loan funded from the rural projects fund of the bank shall bear interest at or below the interest rate charged for the TIFIA loan provided to the bank under section 603’’ after ‘‘feasible’’; and 
fiscal years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘For each fiscal year’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘mobility,’’ and inserting ‘‘congestion reduction, system reliability,’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting a period. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 13 4321 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’. 
is amended by striking ‘‘this chapter’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘sections 512 through 518’’. 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a report’’ after ‘‘House of Representatives’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6310’’ and inserting ‘‘6309’’. 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘shall be up to 100 percent, as determined by the State’’. 
of subtitle IV of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Commission may provide technical assistance, make grants, enter into contracts, or otherwise provide amounts to individuals or entities in the Appalachian region for projects and activities— 
computers, smartboards, and video projectors to educational systems throughout the Appalachian region; 
the cost of any activity eligible for a grant under this section— 
from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
in a county for which a distressed county designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 80 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section; and 
in a county for which an atrisk designation is in effect under section 14526, not more than 70 percent may be provided from amounts appropriated to carry out this section. 
provision of law limiting the Federal share under any other Federal program, amounts made available to carry out this section may be used to increase that Federal share, as the Appalachian Regional Commission determines to be appropriate.’’. 
for chapter 145 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 14508 the following: 
year 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2012 through 2021’’; 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. 
amendments made by this section take effect on October 1, 2015. 
the enhancement of habitat and forage for pollinators)’’ before ‘‘adjacent’’; and 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appropriate— 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, including noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or rehabilitation of deficient bridges; 
to increase safety and reduce construction time and traffic congestion; 
structures that will withstand natural disasters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innovative materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maximize the cost reductions; and 
may be needed to further evaluate innovative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c), as amended by section 73103, is amended— 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Public 
Section 5302 of title 49, United States Code, is 
storage facilities and installing equipment’’ and inserting ‘‘bicycle storage shelters and parking facilities and the installation of equipment’’; 
Section 5303 of title 49, United States Code, is 
of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transportation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
(II) by inserting before the period at the end 
the following: ‘‘, and reduce vulnerability due to natural disasters of the existing transportation infrastructure’’; and 
the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and energy consumption in a costeffective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
miles of land area in the State of California; and 
miles of land area in the State of Nevada.’’. 
(II) by striking ‘‘urbanized areas with a population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as calculated according to the most recent decennial census, and’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; 
intercity bus operators and commuter vanpool providers)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; 
consideration of the role that intercity buses may play in reducing congestion, pollution, and 
energy consumption in a costeffective manner and strategies and investments that preserve and enhance intercity bus systems, including systems that are privately owned and operated’’ before the period at the end; 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘(including intercity bus operators)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
Section 5307 of title 49, United States Code, is 
public demand response service’’ before ‘‘during’’ each place that term appears; and 
grant under this section to finance the operating cost of equipment and facilities to a recipient for use in public transportation in an area that the Secretary determines has— 
‘‘(ii) a 3month unemployment rate, as reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics, that is— 
the lowest 3month unemployment rate for the area during the 5year period preceding the date of the determination. 
‘‘(ii) ADDITIONAL YEAR .—If, at the end of the 
last day of the last consecutive fiscal year for which a recipient receives a grant under this paragraph, the Secretary may not make a subsequent grant under this paragraph to the recipient for a number of fiscal years equal to the number of consecutive fiscal years in which the recipient received a grant under this paragraph. 
make a grant for operating assistance under this paragraph for a fiscal year only if the recipient certifies that— 
funding to the recipient, including a State or local governmental entity, will maintain the tax rate or rate of allocations dedicated to public transportation at or above the rate for the preceding fiscal year; 
amount of funding under this section for preventive maintenance costs eligible as a capital expense necessary to maintain the level and quality of service provided in the preceding fiscal year; and 
this section for new capital assets except as necessary for the existing system to maintain or achieve a state of good repair, assure safety, or replace obsolete technology.’’; and 
start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guideway capital projects’’; and 
and land use patterns that promote public transportation,’’; and 
policies and land use patterns that support public transportation,’’; 
by inserting ‘‘new fixed guideway capital project or core capacity improvement’’ after ‘‘federally funded’’; 
the project development phase to the construction phase unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway capital project or a core capacity improvement project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements.’’; and 
grants for new fixed guideway capital projects and core capacity improvement projects that provide both public transportation and intercity passenger rail service. 
project from sources other than this section included in the unified finance plan for the project. 
COST.—The Secretary shall estimate the net capital costs of a project under this subsection 
a State or local governmental authority that applies for a grant under this subsection. 
GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORITY ; PUBLIC TRANSPOR TATION ; STATE ; STATE OF GOOD REPAIR .—The 
terms ‘‘capital project’’, ‘‘fixed guideway’’, ‘‘local governmental authority’’, ‘‘public transportation’’, ‘‘State’’, and ‘‘state of good repair’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5302 of title 49, United States Code. 
investment in an existing fixed guideway system that increases the capacity of a corridor by not less than 10 percent; and 
aid the existing fixed guideway system in making substantial progress towards achieving a state of good repair. 
transit project’’ means a small start project utilizing buses in which the project represents a substantial investment in a defined corridor as demonstrated by features that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems— 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may determine support a longterm corridor investment; and 
(ii) the majority of which does not operate in 
a separated rightofway dedicated for public transportation use during peak periods. 
project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a small start project, or a core capacity improvement project that has not entered into a full funding grant agreement with the Federal Transit Administration before the date of enactment of this Act. 
a single route in a defined corridor or subarea; and 
services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
a substantial part of weekdays and weekend days; and 
(IV) any other features the Secretary may determine are necessary to produce highquality public transportation services that emulate the services provided by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems. 
operable segment or extension to an existing fixed guideway system; or 
that is a minimum operable segment or an extension to an existing bus rapid transit system. 
a recipient of funding under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
start project’’ means a new fixed guideway capital project, a fixed guideway bus rapid transit project, or a corridorbased bus rapid transit project for which— 
provided under this subsection is less than $75,000,000; and 
(ii) the total estimated net capital cost is less 
make grants under this subsection to States and local governmental authorities to assist in financing— 
small start projects, including the acquisition of real property, the initial acquisition of rolling stock for the system, the acquisition of rightsof way, and relocation, for projects in the advanced stages of planning and design; and 
more than 10 grants under this subsection for an eligible project if the Secretary determines that— 
transportation plan required under sections 5303 and 5304 of title 49, United States Code; 
to carry out the eligible project, including the safety and security aspects of the eligible project; 
(IV) advisors providing guidance to the applicant on the terms and structure of the project that are independent from investors in the project; 
(iii) the eligible project is supported, or will be 
findings presented by the project sponsor to the Secretary, including— 
use an expedited technical capacity review process for applicants that have recently and successfully completed not less than 1 new fixed guideway capital project, small start project, or core capacity improvement project, if— 
ridership outcomes for the project that are consistent with or better than projections; and 
(ii) the applicant demonstrates that the applicant continues to have the staff expertise and other resources necessary to implement a new project. 
maintain, and operate the overall existing and proposed public transportation system, including essential feeder bus and other services necessary, without degradation to the existing level of public transportation services. 
used to estimate costs and revenues made by the applicant and the contractors to the applicant; 
(IV) any debt obligation that exists or is proposed by the applicant, for the proposed eligible project or other public transportation purpose; and 
project, including costeffective project delivery, management or transfer of project risks, expedited project schedule, financial partnering, and other publicprivate partnership strategies. 
under section 5333 of title 49, United States Code, shall apply to each recipient of a grant under this subsection. 
transportation system of the applicant or, in the event that the applicant does not operate a public transportation system, the public transportation system to which the proposed project will be attached, is in a state of good repair. 
project will allow the applicant to make substantial progress in achieving a state of good repair. 
The Secretary may issue a letter of intent to an applicant announcing an intention to obligate, for an eligible project under this subsection, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the eligible project. When a letter is issued for an eligible project under this subsection, the amount shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
construction of the eligible project, consistent with the terms of the publicprivate partnership agreement, even if that period extends beyond the period of an authorization; and 
the eligible project easier according to the law of the United States. 
in law and may include a commitment, contingent on amounts to be specified in law in advance for commitments under this subparagraph, to obligate an additional amount from future available budget authority specified in law. 
(II) STATEMENT OF CONTINGENT COMMIT MENT .—A full funding grant agreement shall 
state that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government. 
Interest and other financing costs of efficiently carrying out a part of the eligible project within a reasonable time are a cost of carrying out the eligible project under a full funding grant agreement, except that eligible costs may not be more than the cost of the most favorable financing terms reasonably available for the eligible project at the time of borrowing. The applicant shall certify, in a way satisfactory to the Secretary, that the applicant has shown reasonable diligence in seeking the most favorable financing terms. 
The amount stipulated in an agreement under this subparagraph for a new fixed guideway capital project, core capacity improvement project, or small start project shall be sufficient to complete at least an operable segment. 
(II) TERMS OF EXPEDITED GRANT AGREE MENTS .—In executing an expedited grant agreement under this clause, the Secretary may include in the agreement terms similar to those established under clause (iii). 
full funding grant agreements under this paragraph for eligible projects that contain contingent commitments to incur obligations in such amounts as the Secretary determines are appropriate. 
may be made under this paragraph only when amounts are appropriated for obligation. 
the date on which the Secretary issues a letter of intent or enters into a full funding grant agreement for an eligible project under this paragraph, the Secretary shall notify, in writing, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the proposed letter of intent or full funding grant agreement. 
project shall not exceed 25 percent of the net capital project cost. 
cost shall be provided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital. 
applicant does not carry out an eligible project for reasons within the control of the applicant, the applicant shall repay all Federal funds awarded for the eligible project from all Federal funding sources, for all eligible project activities, facilities, and equipment, plus reasonable interest and penalty charges allowable by law. 
funds received by the Federal Government under this paragraph, other than interest and penalty charges, shall be credited to the appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived. 
for an eligible project shall remain available to that eligible project for 5 fiscal years, including the fiscal year in which the amount is made available. Any amounts that are unobligated to the eligible project at the end of the 5fiscalyear period may be used by the Secretary for any purpose under this subsection. 
amount available under this subsection that is deobligated may be used for any purpose under this subsection. 
Not later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes a proposed amount to be available to finance grants for anticipated projects under this subsection. 
eligible project on public transportation services and public transportation ridership; 
predicted and actual benefits and costs of the innovative project development and delivery methods or innovative financing for the eligible project; and 
(iii) identifies reasons for any differences between predicted and actual outcomes for the eligible project. 
or maintenance of any project for which an applicant seeks funding under this subsection; 
method of determining the cost of trips by allocating the cost to each trip purpose served by a transportation provider in a manner that is proportional to the level of transportation service that the transportation provider delivers for each trip purpose, to the extent permitted by applicable Federal requirements; and 
Transportation Coordinating Council on Access and Mobility established under Executive Order 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
each Federal agency with respect to local transportation coordination, including nonemergency medical transportation; 
by recipients of Federal grants in locally developed, coordinated planning processes; and 
COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL RE QUIREMENTS .—In establishing the costsharing 
model to facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable requirements of programs funded by members of the Council, such as— 
make grants under this subsection to eligible recipients to assist in financing innovative projects for the transportation disadvantaged that improve the coordination of transportation services and nonemergency medical transportation services, including— 
partners and their specific role in the eligible project, including— 
of nonemergency medical transportation services for the transportation disadvantaged; or 
(ii) nonprofit entities engaged in the coordination of nonemergency medical transportation services for the transportation disadvantaged; 
project will use to quantify actual outcomes against expected outcomes. 
the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
this subsection, nonemergency medical transportation services shall be limited to services eligible under Federal programs other than programs authorized under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
Section 5311 of title 49, United States Code, is 
defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’ and inserting ‘‘(American Indian Areas, Alaska Native Areas, and Hawaiian Home Lands, as defined by the Bureau of the Census)’’; and 
by inserting ‘‘demonstration, deployment, or evaluation’’ before ‘‘project that’’; 
make grants under this subsection for the demonstration, deployment, or evaluation of a vehicle that is in revenue service unless the Secretary determines that the project makes significant technological advancements in the vehicle. 
the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
transportation that the Secretary determines sufficiently reduces energy consumption or harmful emissions, including direct carbon emissions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
low or no emission vehicle that produces no carbon or particulate matter.’’; 
has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002); and 
‘‘(II) laboratories capable of testing and evaluation; ‘‘(III) direct access to or a partnership with a 
testing facility capable of emulating realworld circumstances in order to test low or no emission vehicle components installed on the intended vehicle; 
partnerships in the transportation sector, with emphasis on development and evaluation of materials, products, and components; 
leveraging existing programs to provide complementary research, development, testing, and evaluation; and 
‘‘(VI) the means to conduct performance assessments on low or no emission vehicle components based on industry standards. 
contract or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, each covered institution of higher education under which— 
inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘based on projects in the pipeline, ongoing projects, and anticipated research efforts 
necessary to advance certain projects to a subsequent research phase’’; and 
program, which shall recommend public transportation research, development, and technology transfer activities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
may make grants to, and cooperative agreements with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this subsection that the Secretary determines appropriate. 
clear and direct financial benefit to an entity under a grant or contract financed under this section, the Secretary shall establish a Government share consistent with that benefit.’’. 
table of sections for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 5312 and 5313 and inserting the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5315 the following: 
‘grantee’ means a recipient or subrecipient of assistance under this chapter. 
or eligible nonprofit and 1 or more vendors; and 
‘‘(II) under which the vendors agree to provide an option to purchase rolling stock and related equipment to multiple participants; 
‘lead procurement agency’ mean an eligible nonprofit entity or a State government, respectively, that acts in an administrative capacity on behalf of each participant in a cooperative procurement contract; 
rolling stock and related equipment under a cooperative procurement contract using assistance provided under this chapter. 
‘‘(ii) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participation by grantees in a cooperative procurement contract shall be voluntary. 
‘‘(iii) CONTRACT TERMS .—The lead procurement agency or lead nonprofit entity for a cooperative procurement contract shall develop the terms of the contract. 
be for an initial term of not more than 2 years; 
extensions for terms of not more than 1 year each; and 
‘‘(III) may be in effect for a total period of not 
more than 5 years, including each extension authorized under subclause (II). 
enter into a cooperative procurement contract with 1 or more vendors if— 
purchase rolling stock and related equipment to the State government and any other participant; and 
term of the contract as the lead procurement agency. 
equipment under a cooperative procurement contract under this subsection, a State government shall comply with the policies and procedures that apply to procurement by the State government when using nonFederal funds, to the extent that the policies and procedures are in conformance with applicable Federal law. 
time determined appropriate by the lead nonprofit entity, each participant in a cooperative procurement contract under this paragraph shall submit to the lead nonprofit entity a nonbinding notice of intent to participate. 
‘‘(ii) there is or will be no Federal interest in 
the rolling stock or related equipment covered under the lease as of the date on which the lease takes effect. 
the grantee the liability of the grantee under the lease. 
which a grantee may use assistance under this chapter, with respect to a capital lease, include— 
‘‘(ii) associated financing costs, including interest, legal fees, and financial advisor fees; 
‘‘(iii) ancillary costs such as delivery and installation charges; and 
terms of any lease agreement that the grantee enters into. 
49, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, and implementing guidance applicable to leasing shall not apply to a capital lease. 
out an incentive program for capital leasing of rolling stock (referred to in this paragraph as the ‘program’). 
not less than 6 grantees to participate in the program, which shall be— 
with a population of fewer than 200,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census; and 
with a population of 200,000 or more individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census. 
‘‘(iii) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive a requirement under clause (ii) if an insufficient number of eligible grantees of a particular population size apply to participate in the program. 
greenhouse gas emissions relative to the other vehicles in the fleet, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
‘‘(iii) WAIVER OF FEDERAL INTEREST REQUIRE MENTS .—If a grantee participating in the program seeks to replace vehicles that have a remaining Federal interest, the Secretary shall— 
benefits of waiving the Federal interest, as demonstrated by the grantee; 
‘‘(II) if the grantee demonstrates a net economic or environmental benefit, grant an early disposition of the vehicles; and 
‘‘(III) publish each evaluation and final determination of the Secretary under this clause in a conspicuous location on the website of the Federal Transit Administration. 
than 3 years after the date on which a grantee enters into a capital lease under the program, the grantee shall submit to the Secretary a report that contains— 
‘‘(ii) a cost comparison of leasing versus buying rolling stock; 
and longterm maintenance costs of leasing versus buying rolling stock; and 
in overall operating and capital expenses due to the capital lease that the grantee entered into under the program. 
installed in, and removable from, a zero emission vehicle; and 
‘‘(II) may include a battery, a fuel cell, an 
ultracapacitor, or other advanced power source used in a zero emission vehicle; and 
acquire a removable power source by itself through a capital lease.’’. 
for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5315 the following: 
Section 5322 of title 49, United States Code, is 
movement from initial or shortterm employment opportunities to sustainable careers; 
training programs in coordination with existing local training programs supported by the Secretary, the Department of Labor (including registered apprenticeship programs), and the Department of Education. 
placement, job retention, and wages, using performance metrics established in consultation with the Secretary and the Secretary of Labor and consistent with metrics used by programs under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.); and 
program did not preclude workers who are participating in skills training, onthejob training, and workbased learning from being referred to, or hired on, projects funded under this chapter without regard to the length of time of their participation in the program.’’; and 
Secretary may use not more than 1 percent of the amounts made available to carry out this section to provide technical assistance for activities and programs developed, conducted, and overseen under this subsection. 
Section 5323 of title 49, United States Code, is 
train control, communication, and traction power equipment, and rolling stock prototypes) under this chapter— 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(III) for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year 
thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
‘‘(ii) final assembly of the rolling stock has occurred in the United States; or’’; 
applicable, (referred to in this subparagraph as the ‘item’) is produced in the United States in a sufficient and reasonably available amount; 
‘‘(ii) the item produced in the United States is 
in the United States from which the item can be obtained. 
striking ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015’’; and 
purposes of this subsection, steel and iron may be considered produced in the United States if all the manufacturing processes, except metallurgical processes involving refinement of steel additives, took place in the United States. 
LOCAL SHARE .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a recipient of assistance under this chapter may use the revenue generated from value capture financing mechanisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
chapter shall be construed to authorize the Secretary to mandate the use of value engineering in projects funded under this chapter.’’. 
Section 5327 of title 49, United States Code, is 
phase of a project, unless the Secretary finds it more appropriate to begin the oversight during another phase of the project, to maximize the transportation benefits and cost savings associated with project management oversight; and 
‘‘(III) any minimum safety standards or performance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; and 
‘‘public transportation system of a recipient’’ the following: ‘‘or the public transportation industry generally’’; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary 
and protocols used in rail fixed guideway public transportation systems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. 
or protocols in use by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(II) training programs to ensure public transportation personnel compliance and readiness in emergency situations; 
responders having jurisdiction over a rail fixed guideway public transportation system, including— 
ensure appropriate response and effective radio and public safety communications; 
(IV) maintenance, testing, and inspection programs to ensure the proper functioning of— 
(VII) any other standards, practices, or protocols the Secretary determines appropriate; and 
(aa) the reduction of blindspots that contribute to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
adequate time and access for operators to use restroom facilities. 
track, ontrack equipment, mechanical systems, and control systems; and 
improve the safety of the public transportation industry, including recommendations for legislative changes where applicable; and 
Section 5337 of title 49, United States Code, is 
apportioned to recipients in accordance with this subsection.’’; and 
project under this section shall be for 80 percent of the net project cost of the project. The recipient may provide additional local matching amounts. 
net project costs shall be provided from an undistributed cash surplus, a replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital.’’. 
Section 5338 of title 49, United States Code, as 
amended by division G, is amended to read as follows: 
$134,934,342 for fiscal year 2017, $138,004,098 for fiscal year 2018, $141,328,616 for fiscal year 2019, $144,893,631 for fiscal year 2020, and $148,557,701 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5305; 
$4,639,102,043 for fiscal year 2017, $4,794,641,615 for fiscal year 2018, $4,975,879,158 for fiscal year 2019, $5,101,395,710 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,230,399,804 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allocated in accordance with section 5336 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307; 
$633,641,529 for fiscal year 2017, $648,056,873 for fiscal year 2018, $678,308,311 for fiscal year 2019, $695,418,638 for fiscal year 2020, and $713,004,385 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to provide financial assistance for rural areas under section 5311, of which not less than— 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5312, of which— 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5314; 
through 2021 shall be available for bus testing under section 5318; 
through 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5335; 
$2,479,740,661 for fiscal year 2017, $2,533,879,761 for fiscal year 2018, $2,592,511,924 for fiscal year 2019, $2,655,385,537 for fiscal year 2020, and $2,720,006,127 for fiscal year 2021 shall be available to carry out section 5337; 
$545,034,372 for fiscal year 2017, $557,433,904 for fiscal year 2018, $586,907,438 for fiscal year 2019, $601,712,178 for fiscal year 2020, and $616,928,276 for fiscal year 2021 shall be allocated in accordance with section 5340 to provide financial assistance for urbanized areas under section 5307 and rural areas under section 5311; and 
DEVELOPMENT .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5314, $7,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
authorized to be appropriated such sums as are necessary to carry out section 5324. 
appropriated to carry out section 5334, $115,016,543 for fiscal year 2016, $117,555,533 for fiscal year 2017, $120,229,921 for fiscal year 2018, $123,126,260 for fiscal year 2019, $126,232,120 for fiscal year 2020, and $129,424,278 for fiscal year 2021. 
carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 126 Stat. 4968). 
carry out section 5337, of which not less than 0.25 percent shall be available to carry out section 5329. 
and security, procurement, management, and financial compliance of a recipient or subrecipient of funds under this chapter. 
generally, and to provide technical assistance to correct deficiencies identified in compliance reviews and audits carried out under this section. 
FUND .—A grant or contract that is approved by 
A grant or contract that is approved by the Secretary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the General Fund of the Treasury pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
United States Code, as amended by division G, is amended by striking section 5339 and inserting the following: 
Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands. 
buses and related equipment, including technological changes or innovations to modify low or no emissions vehicles or facilities; and 
grants made in urbanized areas under this subsection; and 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be allocated to all States and territories, with each State receiving $2,000,000 for each such fiscal year and each territory receiving $500,000 for each such fiscal year. 
not allocated to designated recipients in urbanized areas with a population of 200,000 or more. 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital; 
agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service organization; or 
Amounts made available under this subsection may be obligated by a recipient for 3 fiscal years after the fiscal year in which the amount is apportioned. Not later than 30 days after the end of the 3fiscalyear period described in the preceding sentence, any amount that is not obligated on the last day of that period shall be added to the amount that may be apportioned under this subsection in the next fiscal year. 
grants under this subsection to designated recipients to assist in the financing of bus and bus facilities capital projects, including— 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and busrelated facilities. 
submit a statewide application on behalf of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transportation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide application shall not preclude the submission and consideration of any application under this subsection from other eligible recipients in an urbanized area in a State. 
the amounts made available under this subsection in a fiscal year shall be distributed to projects in rural areas. 
after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
available under this subsection, not more than 15 percent may be awarded to a single grantee. 
the quantity of direct greenhouse gas emissions from a vehicle, as determined by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency; 
or program of projects in an eligible area for— 
‘‘(iv) constructing facilities and related equipment for low or no emission vehicles; 
facilities to accommodate low or no emission vehicles; or 
public transportation facilities to accommodate low or no emission vehicles; 
a bus that is a low or no emission vehicle; 
transportation that the Secretary determines sufficiently reduces energy consumption or harmful emissions, including direct carbon emissions, when compared to a comparable standard vehicle; or 
recipient, a local governmental authority, or a State that receives a grant under this subsection for an eligible project; and 
low or no emission vehicle that produces no carbon or particulate matter. 
make grants to recipients to finance eligible projects under this subsection. 
project carried out under this subsection may receive funding under section 5307 or any other provision of law. 
which amounts are made available for obligation under this subsection for a full fiscal year, solicit grant applications for eligible projects on a competitive basis; and 
‘‘(ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the 
under this subsection, the Secretary shall only consider eligible projects relating to the acquisition or leasing of low or no emission buses that— 
project for 2 fiscal years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
share of the cost of an eligible project carried out under this subsection may be derived from inkind contributions.’’. 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5339 and inserting the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Federal Transit Administrator.’’. 
by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first pay period beginning on or after the first day of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
Public Transportation Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Public Transportation Act of 2015’’; 
for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5319 and inserting the following: 
DIVISION C—COMPREHENSIVE TRANSPORTATION AND CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT OF 2015 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015.’’ 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of title 49, United States Code. 
head of an administration in the department of transportation under section 3345 of title 5 may continue to perform the functions and duties of the office if the time limitations in section 3346 of that title would prevent the person from continuing to serve in a formal acting capacity.’’. 
contents for chapter 1 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 115 the following: 
as amended by sections 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by adding after section 311 the following: 
Office of the Secretary an Interagency Infrastructure Permitting Improvement Center (referred to in this section as the ‘Center’). 
Steering Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Steering Committee’) is established to oversee the work of the Center. The Steering Committee shall be chaired by the Federal Chief Performance Officer in consultation with the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality and shall be comprised of Deputylevel representatives from the following departments and agencies: 
the Chair of the Steering Committee and undertake the following: 
of priority reform actions for Federal agency permitting and reviews for areas as defined and identified by the Steering Committee. 
agencies and interagency pilots for innovative approaches to the permitting and review of infrastructure projects. 
to field and headquarters staff of Federal agencies on policy changes, innovative approaches to project delivery, and other topics as appropriate. 
timeliness of permit reviews, permit decisions, and project outcomes. 
‘‘(iii) sharing of best practices related to efficient project permitting and reviews. 
progress toward achieving greater efficiency in permitting decisions and review of infrastructure projects and progress toward achieving better outcomes for communities and the environment. 
with groups or individuals representing State, Tribal, and local governments that are engaged in the infrastructure permitting process. 
Center shall support process improvements in the permitting and review of infrastructure projects in the following sectors: 
years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015 and biennially thereafter, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
contents of chapter 3, as amended by sections 31104 and 31106 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 311 the following: 
practicable, the Department shall expeditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
makes substantial changes to the proposed action that are relevant to environmental or safety concerns; or 
or information relevant to environmental concerns and that bear on the proposed action or the impacts of the proposed action.’’. 
contents of chapter 3 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 304 the following: 
after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2015, the Department of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering Committee described in section 312 of this title, shall develop a coordinated and concurrent environmental review and permitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) (referred to in this section as ‘NEPA’). The coordinated and concurrent environmental review and permitting process shall— 
an expedited manner if circumstances arise that require a reconsideration of the purpose and need or range of alternatives considered during any Federal agency’s environmental or permitting review in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s legal obligations. 
help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and Federal agencies of jurisdiction. 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015, the Secretary of Transportation, in coordination with the Steering 
title, shall establish a program to measure and report on progress towards aligning Federal reviews as outlined in this section.’’. 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: 
determination on the applicability of a categorical exclusion to a proposed multimodal project and notifies the cooperating authority of its intent to apply the cooperating authority categorical exclusion; 
to the lead authority’s preliminary determination of its applicability;’’; 
project does not individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 310 the following: 
entity with assigned authority for responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), under section 326 or section 327 of title 23 shall be responsible for supplying project development and compliance status for all applicable projects.’’. 
contents of subchapter I of chapter 3, as amended by section 31104 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 310, the following: 
Section 610 of title 23, United States Code, is 
from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund to carry out this section $199,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to assist in financing the installation of positive train control systems. 
infrastructure and safety improvements program under section 24408 of title 49, United States Code; and 
cost or cost of credit risk premiums, of direct loans and loan guarantees under sections 502 through 504 of the Railroad Revitalization and 
Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
guarantee that is approved by the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund under this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
modal and not occur solely within the subagencies of the Department of Transportation. 
the year preceding the research fiscal year, the head of each modal administration and joint program office of the Department of Transportation shall submit a comprehensive annual modal research plan to the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Assistant Secretary’’). 
expended by the Department of Transportation on research that has not previously been approved as part of a modal research plan approved by the Assistant Secretary unless— 
was funded before the date of enactment of this Act; or 
Congress that such research is necessary before the approval of a modal research plan. 
communication and coordination that has occurred to prevent duplication of research efforts within the Department of Transportation; 
each of the President’s annual budget requests under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit a report to appropriate committees of Congress that describes— 
the plans and reports submitted under sections 1115 and 1116 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall include— 
research and development activities for the previous fiscal year in each topic area; 
a 5year transportation research and development strategic plan to guide future Federal transportation research and development activities. 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
Department of Transportation expects to discover at the end of the period covered by the strategic plan as a result of the research and development in that topic area. 
development programs of all the Department of Transportation’s modal administrations, including aviation, transit, rail, and maritime; and 
the transportation research and development strategic plan developed under section 508’’. 
Section 5205 of the Intelligent Transportation Systems Act of 1998 (23 U.S.C. 502 note) is amended— 
the Surface Transportation Research and Development Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘as part of the transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
Surface Transportation Research and Development Strategic Plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
strategic plan under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘the 5year transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’; and 
surface transportation research and development strategic plan developed under section 508 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘or the 5year transportation research and development strategic plan under section 31203 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015’’. 
stakeholder communities and research needs of the transportation field; and 
the administrator of the modal administration responsible for completing the research project. 
administrator of the modal administration charged with completing the research project shall respond to the proposed research remedy. 
Research Ombudsman shall submit any evidence of misfeasance, malfeasance, waste, fraud, or abuse uncovered during a review under this section to the Inspector General for further review. 
shall be subject to adverse employment action for misconduct or good cause in accordance with the procedures and grounds set forth in chapter 75 of title 5.’’. 
amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 63 the following: 
a study of digital technologies and information technologies, including shared mobility, data, transportation network companies, and ondemand transportation services— 
ability of the United States to plan for and invest in smart cities, including barriers to collaboration and access to scientific information; and 
Section 6302 is amended by adding at the end 
have a significant role in the disposition and allocation of the Bureau’s authorized budget, including— 
external support functions, such as the coordination of activities involving multiple modal administrations. 
local governments, foreign governments, institutions of higher education, corporations, institutions, partnerships, sole proprietorships, and trade associations that are incorporated or established under the laws of any State; 
that the activity is of substantial public interest or benefit, the Secretary may approve a greater Federal share. 
For fiscal years 2016 through 2021, the Secretary is authorized to expend not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for necessary expenses for administration and operations of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology for the coordination, evaluation, and oversight of the programs administered under this section. 
which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
to a contract, grant, or other agreement entered into under this section.’’. 
section 330 in the table of contents of chapter 3 is amended by striking ‘‘Contracts’’ and inserting ‘‘Activities’’. 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.’’. 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Administrator, Research and Innovative Technology Administration.’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘Associate Deputy Secretary, Department of Transportation.’’. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Port Performance Act’’. 
through the Nation’s ports ensures that American goods are available to customers throughout the world. 
chain network, particularly at the Nation’s ports, can result in tremendous economic losses for agriculture, businesses, and retailers that rely on timely shipments. 
after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the Director shall commission a working group composed of— 
year after the date of the enactment of the Port Performance Act, the working group commissioned under this subsection shall submit its recommendations to the Director. 
amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘6314. Port performance freight statistics program.’’. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall commission the National Research Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
program (referred to in this subtitle as the ‘‘CSA program’’). 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this subtitle as ‘‘BASIC’’) safety measures used by SMS— 
risk, crash severity, or other safety indicators for individual drivers, motor carriers, and the highest risk carriers; 
percentiles and identify carriers for enforcement, including the weights assigned to particular violations, and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, in order to accurately identify and predict future crash risk for motor carriers; 
Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General, and independent review team reports issued before the date of the enactment of this Act. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report containing the results of the completed study to— 
changes in staffing, enforcement, and data collection necessary to implement the recommendations. 
the Department of Transportation that relates to the CSA program, including the SMS data sets or analysis. 
shall carry out the study required under this section using amounts appropriated to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and available for obligation and expenditure as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
deficiencies as identified in roadside inspection or enforcement reports; 
fleet safety management tools technologies, driver performance and behavior management technologies, and programs; and 
through a notice and comment process, shall develop technical or other performance standards for technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems used by motor carriers that will qualify for credit under this section. 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems with a date certain for future statutory or regulatory implementation. 
VERIFICATION .—The Administrator, through notice and comment process, shall develop a process for— 
metrics developed under this section are presented with other SMS data; 
technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems; 
safety technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems; and 
advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems; and 
use of such technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems. 
after the establishment of the Safety Improvement Metrics System (referred to in this section as ‘‘SIMS’’) under this section, and annually thereafter, the Administrator shall publish, on a public website, a report that identifies— 
equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems that are eligible for credit; 
technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measure, tool, program, or system is used; 
the implementation of SIMS under this section, the Administrator shall conduct an evaluation of the effectiveness of SIMS by reviewing the impacts of SIMS on— 
the implementation of the program, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
Safety Administration plans to take to modify the demonstration program based on such results. 
conducting regulatory impact analyses for rulemakings relating to the technology, advanced safety equipment, enhanced driver fitness measures, tools, programs, or systems selected for credit under the CSA program, the Administrator, to the extent practicable, shall use the data gathered under this section and appropriate statistical methodology, including sufficient sample sizes, composition, and appropriate comparison groups, including representative motor carriers of all sizes, to estimate the effects on safety performance and reduction in the number and severity of accidents with qualifying technology, advanced safety equipment, tools, programs, and systems. 
day after the date of enactment of this Act, none of the analysis of violation information, enforcement prioritization, notatfault crashes, alerts, or the relative percentile for each Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Category developed through the CSA program may be made available to the general public, but violation and inspection information submitted by the States may be presented, until the Inspector General of the Department of Transportation certifies that— 
satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the February 2014 GAO report entitled ‘‘Modifying the Compliance, Safety, Accountability Program Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Carriers’’ (GAO–14–114), which called into question the accuracy and completeness of safety performance calculations; 
submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration by commercial motor vehicle inspectors and qualified law enforcement officials shall remain available for public viewing. 
may be provided online, with a notation indicating that the ratings or alerts listed are not intended to imply any Federal safety rating of the carrier. 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall develop functional specifications to ensure the consistent and accurate input of data into systems and databases relating to the CSA program. 
logic functionality for roadside inspection data collection systems and databases; and 
a demonstration program that allows motor carriers and drivers to request a review of crashes, and the removal of crash data for use in the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s safety measurement system of crashes, and removal from any weighting, or carrier safety analysis, if the commercial motor vehicle was operated legally and another motorist in connection with the crash is found— 
establish a fee system, in accordance with section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, in which a motor carrier is charged a fee for each review of a crash requested by such motor carrier under this section. 
Transportation appropriations account for purpose of carrying out this section; and 
years after the establishment of the demonstration program under this section, the Administrator shall— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group— 
any recommendations, including best practices for State postaccident reports to achieve the 
the working group should be composed of individuals representing the States or State law enforcement officials. The remaining members of the working group shall represent industry, labor, safety advocates, and other interested parties. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
accident reports that are reported to the Federal Government, including identifying the data elements that should be collected following a tow away commercial motor vehicle accident; and 
new data elements to be collected following reportable commercial motor vehicle accidents. 
certification under section 32003 of this Act, and the establishment of the Safety Fitness Determination program, the Secretary shall ensure that a review is completed on each motor carrier that demonstrates through performance data that it poses the highest safety risk. At a minimum, a review shall be conducted whenever a motor carrier is among the highest risk carriers for 4 consecutive months. 
completion of the certification under section 32003 of this Act and the establishment of the Safety Fitness Determination program, the Secretary shall post on a public website a report on the actions the Secretary has taken to comply with this section, including the number of high risk carriers identified and the high risk carriers reviewed. 
the Safe, Accountable, Flexible, Efficient Transportation Equity Act: A Legacy for Users (49 U.S.C. 31144 note) is repealed. 
Notwithstanding subpart C of part 381 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, the Secretary shall allow an applicant representing a class or group of motor carriers to apply for a specific exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for commercial motor vehicle drivers. 
after the date of receipt of an application for an exemption, the Secretary shall publish the application in the Federal Register and provide the public with an opportunity to comment. 
available for public comment for a 30day period, but the Secretary may extend the opportunity for public comment for up to 60 days if it is a significant or complex request. 
application is denied and the applicant can reasonably address the reason for the denial, the Secretary may allow the applicant to resubmit the application. 
Deployment and Distribution Command transport of weapons, munitions, and sensitive classified cargo as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on April 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 20556). 
materials shipments requiring security plans under regulations of the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on May 1, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 25004). 
change as published in the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 4, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 31961). 
the Federal Register Volume 80 on June 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 33584). 
may make any temporary exemption from any provision of the regulations under part 395 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for commercial motor vehicle drivers that is in effect on the date of enactment of this Act permanent if the Secretary determines that the permanent exemption will not degrade safety. The Secretary shall provide public notice and comment on a list of the additional temporary exemptions to be made permanent under this paragraph. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall revise the regulations under part 385 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, as necessary, to incorporate by reference the certification standards for roadside inspectors issued by the Commercial Vehicle Safety Alliance. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall conduct a comprehensive analysis on the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration’s information technology and data collection and management systems. 
Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the status of a final rule for— 
section 31601 of division C of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note); 
safety regulation required by law and incomplete for more than 2 years. 
The Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall prioritize the use of Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration resources for the completion of each outstanding statutory requirement for a rulemaking before beginning any new rulemaking unless the Secretary certifies to Congress that there is a significant need to move forward with a new rulemaking. 
and interpretation issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall be published on the Department of Transportation’s public website on the date of issuance. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall review regulations, guidance, and enforcement policies published on the Department of Transportation’s public website to ensure the 
less than once every 5 years, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall conduct a comprehensive review of its guidance and enforcement policies to determine whether— 
the review, the Administrator shall publish in the Federal Register a notice and request for comment soliciting input from stakeholders on which regulations should be updated or eliminated. 
an action’s potential to reduce crashes, improve enforcement, and reduce unnecessary burdens; and 
the term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for new regulations, regulatory interpretations or clarifications, or retrospective review of regulations to eliminate or modify obsolete, ineffective, or overlyburdensome rules. 
sample of commercial vehicle operators, motor carriers, or both, that will be covered under the 
a potential regulatory action, such as failures of private markets to protect or improve the safety of the public, the environment, or the wellbeing of the American people; 
the best available science or technical information on the need for regulatory action and on the potential regulatory alternatives; 
and costs of potential regulatory alternatives reasonably likely to be included or analyzed as part of the notice of proposed rulemaking; and 
alternatives to direct regulation, including providing economic incentives to encourage the desired behavior. 
when the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) an advance notice of proposed rulemaking impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
may be construed to limit the contents of any Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group to determine best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery. 
emergency routes between States through which infrastructure repair materials could be delivered following a natural disaster or an emergency; 
date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to the Secretary a report of its findings under this section and any recommendations for the implementation of the best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency recovery. Upon receipt, the Secretary shall publish the report on a public website. 
(5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this section. 
not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, any State impacted by section 4006 of the Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (Public Law 102–240; 105 Stat. 2148) shall be provided the option to update the routes listed in the final list as long as the update shifts routes to divided highways or does not increase centerline miles by more than 5 percent and the change is expected to increase safety performance. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration may establish a 6year pilot program to study the feasibility, benefits, and safety impacts of allowing a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a commercial motor vehicle in interstate commerce. 
shall allow States, including the District of Columbia, to enter into an interstate compact with contiguous States to allow a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 to operate a motor vehicle across the applicable State lines. The Secretary shall approve as many as 3 interstate compacts, with no more than 4 States per compact participating in each interstate compact. 
compact under this subsection, participating States shall provide for minimum licensure standards acceptable for interstate travel under this section, which may include, for a licensed driver between the ages of 18 and 21 participating in the pilot program— 
collect and analyze data relating to accidents (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) in which a driver under the age of 21 participating in the pilot program is involved. 
carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety regulations and practices consistent with Federal requirements; and 
a plan if the Secretary determines that the plan is adequate to comply with the requirements of 
including deployment and maintenance of technology to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of commercial motor vehicle safety programs; 
vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan throughout the State; 
lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency has or will have the legal authority, resources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, standards, and orders; 
State will devote adequate resources to the administration of the plan and enforcement of the regulations, standards, and orders; 
this section be available to the Secretary on request; 
motor vehicle safety agency will adopt the reporting requirements and use the forms for recordkeeping, inspections, and investigations that the Secretary prescribes; 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of applicable safety regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government and the State; 
State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traffic safety laws and regulations related to commercial motor vehicle safety; 
plan that the State will address national priorities and performance goals, including— 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the highways of the United States through adequate enforcement of regulations on the use of alcohol and controlled substances and by ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol detection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an appropriate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employees on recognizing drivers impaired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, criminal interdiction activities, and appropriate strategies for carrying out those interdiction activities, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined under section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as updated and republished from time to time) by any occupant of a commercial motor vehicle; 
and dedicated sufficient resources to a program to ensure that— 
carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
the enforcement of financial responsibility requirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 of this title, and regulations issued under these sections; 
conducted at locations that are adequate to protect the safety of drivers and enforcement personnel; 
the training manuals for the licensing examination to drive both noncommercial motor vehicles and commercial motor vehicles information on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and commercial motor vehicles; 
registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 of this title by prohibiting the operation of any vehicle discovered to be operated by a motor carrier without a registration issued under those sections or to be operated beyond the scope of the motor carrier’s registration; 
‘‘(ii) if the State authorizes a third party to 
‘‘(AA) provides that a State that shares a land 
vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes enforcement and related projects; or 
procedures that would reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law. 
in which the Secretary implements a new allocation formula under section 32508 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015. 
Secretary may waive or modify the requirements of this subsection for 1 fiscal year if the Secretary determines that a waiver or modification is reasonable, based on circumstances described by the State, to ensure the continuation of commercial motor vehicle enforcement activities in the State. 
matching amounts used to receive Federal financing under section 31104. 
size and weight limitations at locations, excluding fixed weight facilities, such as near steep grades or mountainous terrains, where the weight of a commercial motor vehicle can significantly affect the safe operation of the vehicle, or at ports where intermodal shipping containers enter and leave the United States; and 
taken as a result of criminal activity, including the trafficking of human beings, in a commercial motor vehicle or by any occupant, including the operator, of the commercial motor vehicle; 
regulations on intrastate and interstate carriers if the State has adopted laws or regulations compatible with the Federal household goods regulations. 
disapproves a plan under this section, the Secretary shall give the State a written explanation of the reasons for disapproval and allow the State to modify and resubmit the plan for approval. 
opportunity to be heard, the Secretary finds that the State plan previously approved is not being followed or has become inadequate to ensure enforcement of the regulations, standards, or orders, or the State is otherwise not in compliance with the requirements of this section, the Secretary may withdraw approval of the plan and notify the State. The plan is no longer in effect once the State receives notice, and the Secretary shall withhold all funding under this section. 
of withdrawing approval of the plan, the Secretary may, after providing notice and an opportunity to be heard, withhold funding from the State to which the State would otherwise be entitled under this section for the period of the State’s noncompliance. In exercising this option, the Secretary may withhold— 
year that the Secretary notifies the State of its noncompliance; 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first full 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the second 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for the 
third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
motor vehicles and noncommercial motor vehicles in areas identified as high risk crash corridors; 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participation; 
and promote the deployment of intelligent transportation system applications for commercial motor vehicle operations, including commercial motor vehicle, commercial driver, and carrier specific information systems and networks; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with commercial motor vehicle operations and Federal and State commercial vehicle regulatory requirements. 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks deployment activities, including hardware procurement, software and system development, and infrastructure modifications— 
‘‘(iii) agree to execute interoperability tests developed by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to verify that its systems conform with the national intelligent transportation systems architecture, applicable standards, and protocols for commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
develop new and innovative advanced technology solutions that support commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks; 
following sums are authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration Financial Assistance Programs: 
by the recipient in a fiscal year in developing and implementing programs under these sections. The Secretary shall pay the recipient an amount not more than the Federal Government share of the total costs approved by the Federal Government in the financial assistance agreement. The Secretary shall include a recipient’s inkind contributions in determining the reimbursement. 
vouchers at least quarterly for costs the recipient incurs in developing and implementing programs under section 31102, 31103, or 31313. 
of a financial assistance agreement by the Secretary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Government’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agreement. 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agreements under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the financial assistance program application period. 
31103, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next fiscal year. 
made for carrying out 31313, for the fiscal year in which it is obligated and for the next 4 fiscal years. 
Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended. 
authorized for motor carrier safety grants, the Secretary shall have authority to transfer available unobligated contract authority and associated liquidating cash within or between Federal 
this section and make new Federal financial assistance awards under this section. 
law, no limitation on the total of obligations for Federal financial assistance programs carried out by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration under this section shall apply to unobligated funds transferred under this subsection.’’. 
Section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note) is repealed. 
National Highway System Designation Act of 1995 (49 U.S.C. 31166 note) is repealed. 
Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for the Secretary of Transportation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration— 
information management, regulatory development, the administration of the performance and registration information systems management; 
available for modernization, construction, leases, and expenses related to vacating, occupying, maintaining, and expanding motor carrier safety facilities, and associated activities. 
shall be available without regard to fiscal year limitation. 
an outreach and education program for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the grant, contract, or cooperative agreement. 
Highway Trust Fund by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
available under this section shall remain available until expended. 
OUTREACH AND EDU CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA–LU (119 
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—The Secretary of Transportation may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
good faith effort toward substantial compliance with the requirements of section 31311, to improve its implementation of its commercial driver’s license program, including expenses— 
make a grant or cooperative agreement in a fiscal year to a State agency, local government, or any person for research, development or testing, demonstration projects, public education, or other special activities and projects relating to commercial driver’s licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
amended by striking the item relating to section 31313 and inserting the following: 
‘‘31313. Commercial driver’s license program implementation financial assistance program.’’. 
inserting ‘‘and, for fiscal year 2016, sections 31102, 31107, and 31109 of this title and section 4128 of SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31100 note)’’ after ‘‘31102’’; 
authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund the following sums for the following Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration programs: 
IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .—For carrying out the commercial driver’s license program improvement grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,000,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended to read as follows: 
under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code, the Secretary shall make available, $1,000,000 for fiscal year 2016 to carry out the commercial motor vehicle operators grant program.’’. 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) is amended— 
following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the Secretary from previous year grants shall not be counted towards the $2,500,000 maximum aggregate amount for core deployment.’’; and 
following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the development or updating of program or top level design plans.’’; and 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the development or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
vehicle information systems and networks deployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109– 59) may also be referred to as the innovative technology deployment program. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a motor carrier safety assistance program formula working group (referred to in this section as the ‘‘working group’’. 
safety agencies responsible for administering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
(iii) An organization representing State agencies responsible for enforcing a program for inspection of commercial motor vehicles. 
(iv) Such other persons as the Secretary considers necessary. 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
group shall analyze requirements and factors for a new motor carrier safety assistance program allocation formula. 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this subsection. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall publish on a public website summaries of its meetings, and the final recommendation provided to the Secretary. 
ensure that the new allocation formula is based on factors that reflect, at a minimum— 
with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
and challenges faced by States in complying with section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
motor carrier inventory for the 3year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
amount using the allocation formula the Secretary used to award motor carrier safety assistance program funding in fiscal year 2016 under section 2507 of this Act. 
be less than 97 percent of the average amount of 
funding received or other equitable amounts in fiscal years 2013, 2014, and 2015 for— 
allocation formula, the Secretary shall provide immediate relief for at least 3 fiscal years to all States currently subject to the withholding provisions of Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program funds for matters of noncompliance. 
section expires upon the implementation of a new Motor Carrier Safety Assistance Program Allocation Formula. 
may use the methodology for calculating the maintenance of effort for fiscal year 2017 and each fiscal year thereafter if a new allocation formula has not been established. 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sections 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 32502 of this Act, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
by a State, the Secretary may modify the maintenance of effort baseline according to the following methodology: 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, then 
transporting a motor home or recreation vehicle trailer within the definition of ‘driveaway towaway operation’ (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) may comply with the hours of service requirements by requiring each driver to use— 
commercial motor vehicle industry, including the number and percentage of drivers who commute; 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report containing the findings under the study and any recommendations for legislative action concerning driver commuting. 
that the working group is comprised of individuals with expertise in consumer affairs, educators with expertise in how people learn most effectively, and representatives of the household goods moving industry. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration into a format that is more easily used by consumers; 
required of motor carriers and shippers in interstate transportation. 
date on which the working group makes its recommendations, the Secretary shall issue a report 
(5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this section. 
terminate 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
109–59; 119 Stat. 1745; 49 U.S.C. 3116 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘with the exception of commuter vanpool operations, which shall remain exempt’’ before the period at the end. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report regarding the design, development, testing, and implementation of wireless roadside inspection systems. 
incorporate generated inspection data into the safety measurement system or the safety fitness determinations program; and 
amend, adjust, or revise the driver hours of service regulations for motor carriers of passengers, by rulemaking or any other means, until the Secretary conducts a formal study that properly accounts for operational differences and variances in crash data for drivers in intercity motorcoach service and interstate property carrier operations and between segments of the intercity motorcoach industry. 
regulations for motor carriers of passengers on fostering safe operation of intercity motorcoaches; 
been mitigated by any changes to passenger carrier hours of service rules. 
this section may be construed to affect the Secretary’s existing authority to provide relief from the hours of service regulations in the event of an emergency under section 390.232 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a review of the following: 
and secondary school students engaging in hometoschool transport or other transport determined by the Comptroller General to be a routine part of kindergarten through grade 12 education, including regulations and guidance regarding driver training programs, capacity requirements, programs for special needs students, inspection standards, vehicle age requirements, best practices, and public access to inspection results and crash records. 
school bus fleet operators whose vehicles are involved in an accident as defined by section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, and each of the following: 
the school buses in the fleets of such operators. 
the Department of Transportation, or of State law equivalents of such laws. 
for safe and reliable school bus transportation, including driver training programs, inspection standards, school bus age and odometer reading maximums for retirement, the percentage of buses in a local bus fleet needed as spare buses, and capacity levels per school bus for different age groups. 
as the ‘‘Drug Free Commercial Driver Act of 2015’’. 
regulations shall permit such motor carriers to conduct preemployment testing of such employees for the use of alcohol.’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘(ii) to use hair testing as an acceptable alternative to urinalysis— 
use of a controlled substance by individuals who were subject to preemployment screening.’’; and 
for hair testing to detect the use of a controlled substance;’’. 
and random drug testing using both hair testing and urinalysis; 
accurate means of detecting the use of controlled substances over time. 
33101 of the Comprehensive Transportation and Consumer Protection Act of 2015) carrying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less that is— 
A commercial driver’s license holders who are custom harvesters, agricultural retailers, agricultural business employees, agricultural cooperative employees, or agricultural producers 
from the requirement to obtain a hazardous materials endorsement under part 383 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, while operating a service vehicle carrying diesel fuel in quantities of 3,785 liters (1,000 gallons) or less if the tank containing such fuel is clearly marked with a placard reading ‘‘Diesel Fuel’’. 
section, the term ‘‘service vehicle’’ means a vehicle carrying diesel fuel that will be deductible as a profitseeking activity— 
Code of 1986 as a production of income expense. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the form for reporting a rail equipment accident or incident under section 225.21 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (Form FRA F 6180.54, Rail Equipment Accident/Incident Report), including to its instructions, to require additional data concerning rail cars carrying crude oil or ethanol that are involved in a reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of that title. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement information management practices to ensure that the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration Hazardous Materials Incident Reports Database (referred to in this section as ‘‘Incident Reports Database’’) and the Federal Railroad Administration Railroad Safety Information System contain accurate and consistent data on a reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involving the release of hazardous materials. 
that the Incident Reports Database uses a searchable Federal Railroad Administration report number, or other applicable unique identifier that is linked to the Federal Railroad Safety Information System, for each reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, involving the release of hazardous materials. 
the Incident Reports Database, including determining whether any inaccuracies exist in— 
(iv) the damages or effects of hazardous materials released; and 
may be construed to prohibit the Secretary from requiring other commodityspecific information for any reportable rail equipment accident or incident under part 225 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
EMERGENCY AREAS.—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may prescribe standards to facilitate the safe movement of hazardous materials into, from, and within a federally declared disaster area or a national emergency area.’’. 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. TITLE XXXIV—HIGHWAY AND MOTOR 
out section 402 of title 23, United States Code— 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
For carrying out section 2009 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note)— 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, in this subtitle, and in the amendments made by this subtitle, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for a program under such chapter— 
grant awarded under this subtitle requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activities made during any fiscal year by the State and its political subdivisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for carrying out the grant (other than planning and administration) shall be available for the purpose of crediting the State during such fiscal year for the nonFederal share of the cost of any project under this subtitle (other than planning or administration) without regard to whether such expenditures were actually made in connection with such project. 
receive a grant under this subtitle, a State shall submit an application, and the Secretary shall establish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
may be construed to authorize the appropriation or expenditure of funds for highway construction, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incorporated into guidelines).’’. 
provide the funds awarded under this section to a political subdivision of a State, including Indian tribal governments.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
develop a process to identify and mitigate possible systemic issues across States and regional offices by reviewing oversight findings and recommended actions identified in triennial State management reviews.’’. 
heading to read as follows: ‘‘G RANTS TO STATES  
PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall make a separate grant under this subsection to each State that— 
‘‘(ii) FUNDING FOR GRANTS TO STATES WITH 24 – 
employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition interlock device.’’; and 
guilty or’’ and inserting ‘‘who was arrested, plead guilty, or’’; and 
by inserting ‘‘or combination of laws or programs’’ after ‘‘State law’’; and 
limits the individual to operating only motor vehicles with an ignition interlock device installed, unless a special exception applies; 
limits the individual to operating motor vehicles only if participating in, and complying with, a 24–7 sobriety program; or 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; and 
(III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general practice is that such an individual will be incarcerated; and’’; and 
(II) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; and’’; and 
‘‘(III) the State certifies that the general practice is that such an individual will receive approximately 10 days of incarceration.’’; and 
exception’ means an exception under a State alcoholignition interlock law for the following circumstances: 
employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual. 
doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition interlock device.’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date that the 
Comptroller General reviews and reports on the overall value of the National Roadside Survey to researchers and other public safety stakeholders, the differences between a National Roadside Survey site and typical law enforcement checkpoints, and the effectiveness of the National Roadside Survey methodology at protecting the privacy of the driving public, as requested by the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate on June 5, 2014 (Senate Report 113– 182), the Secretary shall report to Congress on the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s progress toward reviewing that report and implementing any recommendations made in that report. 
of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, in consultation with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, State highway safety offices, and other interested parties, as determined by the Administrator, shall identify and carry out additional actions that should be undertaken by the Administration to assist States in their efforts to increase public awareness of the dangers of drugimpaired driving, including the dangers of driving while under the influence of heroin or prescription opioids. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the crash investigation data collection system of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to include the collection of the following data in connection with vehicle crashes whenever a child restraint system was in use in a vehicle involved in a crash: 
in use during the crash in any vehicle involved in the crash, including whether a fivepoint harness or beltpositioning booster. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Stop Motorcycle Checkpoint Funding Act’’. 
States Code, the Secretary may not provide a grant or any funds to a State, county, town, township, Indian tribe, municipality, or other local government that may be used for any program— 
distracted driving issues as part of the State’s driver’s license examination and’’ after ‘‘any State that’’; 
specifically allows a driver to use a personal wireless communications device for texting while stopped in traffic.’’; 
specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communications device while stopped in traffic.’’; and 
(ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and 
‘‘(aa) is applicable to drivers of all ages; and ‘‘(bb) makes violation of the basic text messaging statute a primary offense or secondary enforcement action as allowed by State statute; and 
are younger than 18 years of age from using a personal wireless communications device while driving. 
‘‘(ii) FISCAL YEAR 2017 .—In fiscal year 2017, up 
because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
to capturing adequate data on the prevalence of the use of wireless communications devices while driving; and 
a vision and knowledge assessment prior to receiving a learner’s permit; 
and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a Statecertified driving instructor; 
wheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 month of the intermediate 
stage, restricts driving at night between the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not supervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transportation to work, school, religious activities, or emergencies; 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial passenger younger than 21 years of age unless a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
stage that require, in addition to any other penalties imposed by State law, the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be automatically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit or intermediate stage, is convicted of a drivingrelated offense during the first 6 months, including— 
MOTOR VEHICLE AND HIGHWAY SAFETY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2012. 
Code is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49’’ after ‘‘chapter 301’’. 
Section 405 of title 23, United States Code is amended— 
there is authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary to carry out chapter 301 of title 49, and part C of subtitle VI of title 49, United States Code, amounts as follows: 
the date of enactment of this Act, and periodically thereafter until the completion date, the Department of Transportation Inspector General shall report to the appropriate committees of Congress on whether and what progress has been made to implement the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
date’’ means the date that the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has implemented all of the recommendations in the Office of Inspector General Audit Report issued June 18, 2015 (ST–2015–063). 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement current information technology, web design trends, and best practices that will help ensure that motor vehicle safety recall information available to the public on the Federal website is readily accessible and easy to use, including— 
shall study the current use by consumers, dealers, and manufacturers of the safety recall information made available to the public, including the usability and content of the Federal and manufacturers’ websites and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration’s efforts to publicize and educate consumers about safety recall information. 
Secretary shall improve public awareness of safety recall information made publicly available by periodically updating the method of conveying that information to consumers, dealers, and manufacturers, such as through public service announcements.’’. 
year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Internet detailed guidance for consumers submitting safety complaints, including— 
privacy and security in implementing such a search mechanism. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall prescribe a final rule revising the regulations under section 577.7 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, to include notification by electronic means in addition to notification by first class mail. 
subsection, the term ‘‘electronic means’’ includes electronic mail and may include such other means of electronic notification, such as social media or targeted online campaigns, as determined by the Secretary. 
the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter for 4 years, the Secretary shall— 
Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the analysis. 
conducted analyses of these recall completion rates to determine trends and identify risk factors associated with lower recall rates; and 
improve recall completion rates based on the results of this data analysis. 
the appropriateness of scope and adequacy of recall completion rates and remedies; 
2016, the Secretary shall implement a 2year pilot program to evaluate the feasibility and effectiveness of a State process for informing consumers of open motor vehicle recalls at the time of motor vehicle registration in the State. 
each owner or lessee of a motor vehicle presented for registration in the State of any open recall on that vehicle; 
award under this section, the Secretary shall consider the State’s methodology for determining open recalls on a motor vehicle, for informing consumers of the open recalls, and for determining performance. 
awarded under this section shall require a 2 year performance period. 
after the completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall evaluate the extent to which open recalls identified have been remedied. 
means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
means the process for registering motor vehicles in the State. 
Section 30120A is amended by striking ‘‘chapter 11 of title 11,’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 7 or chapter 11 of title 11’’. 
of the manufacturer’s motor vehicles it services, the dealer notifies the owner or the individual requesting the service of any open recall; and 
subsection, the term ‘open recall’ means a recall for which a notification by a manufacturer has been provided under section 30119 and that has not been remedied under this section.’’. 
more motor vehicles that are used for rental purposes by a rental company.’’; and 
provided to a rental company notification about a covered rental vehicle in the company’s possession at the time of notification’’ after ‘‘time of notification’’; 
and inserting ‘‘the dealer or rental company may sell, lease, or rent’’; and 
subsection may be construed to prohibit a dealer or rental company from offering the vehicle or equipment for sale, lease, or rent.’’; and 
subsection does not prohibit a rental company from selling a covered rental vehicle if such vehicle— 
under section 201 of the AntiCar Theft Act of 1992 (49 U.S.C. 30501); 
‘‘(iii) is reported to the National Motor Vehicle Information System, if required under section 204 of such Act (49 U.S.C. 30504).’’. 
inserting ‘‘rental company,’’ after ‘‘dealer,’’ each place such term appears. 
each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; 
each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘dealer, or rental company’’; and 
solicit comments regarding the implementation of this section from members of the public, including rental companies, consumer organizations, automobile manufacturers, and automobile dealers. 
liability, including for loss of use, for a manufacturer as a result of having manufactured or 
by this section shall take effect on the date that is 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
the requirements under this section, including appropriate authentication and security measures. 
than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a report on the feasibility of a technical system that would operate in each new motor vehicle to indicate when the vehicle is subject to an open recall. 
been provided under section 30119 of title 49, United States Code, and that has not been remedied under section 30120 of that title. 
Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 30111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish a proposed rule that updates the standards pertaining to tire pressure monitoring systems to ensure that a tire pressure monitoring system that is installed in a new motor vehicle after the effective date of the revised standards cannot, to a level other than a safe pressure level, be— 
COUNCIL FOR VEHICLE ELECTRONICS, VEHICLE SOFTWARE, AND EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report regarding the operations of the Council for Vehicle Electronics, Vehicle Software, and Emerging Technologies established under section 31401 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (49 U.S.C. 105 note). The report shall include information about the accomplishments of the Council, the role of the Council in integrating and aggregating electronic and emerging technologies expertise across the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, the role of the Council in coordinating with other Federal agencies, and the priorities of the Council over the next 5 years. 
State, enter into cooperative agreements and collaborative research and development agreements with foreign governments.’’. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Driver Privacy 
by an event data recorder (as defined in section 563.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations), regardless of when the motor vehicle in which it is installed was manufactured, is the property of the owner, or, in the case of a leased vehicle, the lessee of the motor vehicle in which the event data recorder is installed. 
the data is subject to the standards for admission into evidence required by that court or other administrative authority; 
provides written, electronic, or recorded audio consent to the retrieval of the data for any purpose, including the purpose of diagnosing, servicing, or repairing the motor vehicle, or by agreeing to a subscription that describes how data will be retrieved and used; 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall submit to Congress a report that contains the results of a study conducted by the Administrator to determine the amount of time event data recorders installed in passenger motor vehicles should capture and record for retrieval vehiclerelated data in conjunction with an event in order to provide sufficient information to investigate the cause of motor vehicle crashes. 
after the date of enactment of the Safety Through Informed Consumers Act of 2015, the Secretary shall promulgate a rule to ensure that crash avoidance information is indicated next to crashworthiness information on stickers placed on motor vehicles by their manufacturers.’’. 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Tire Efficiency, 
Safety, and Registration Act of 2015’’ or the ‘‘TESR Act’’. 
to in this section as the ‘Secretary’)’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’; 
speed capability equal to or less than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour; and 
speed capability greater than 149 miles per hour or 240 kilometers per hour. 
apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, wintertype snow tires, spacesaver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diameters of 12 inches or less. 
apply to light truck tires, deep tread tires, wintertype snow tires, spacesaver or temporary use spare tires, or tires with nominal rim diameters of 12 inches or less. 
and lessors and information identifying the tire that was purchased or leased; and 
determining whether a tire is subject to a recall. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act’’. 
Boston, Massachusetts and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the facilities and services used to operate and maintain that line;’’; 
in which physical assets, both individually and as a system, are— 
that called for in their asbuilt or asmodified design specification during any period when the life cycle cost of maintaining the assets is lower than the cost of replacing them; and 
chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, the 
Office of Inspector General of Amtrak the following amounts: 
amounts appropriated to the Secretary for a fiscal year to carry out railroad research and development programs shall be available to carry out this section.’’. 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall establish and maintain internal controls to ensure Amtrak’s costs, revenues, and other compensation are appropriately and proportionally allocated to its Northeast Corridor train services or infrastructure, its Statesupported routes, its longdistance routes, and its other national network activities. 
section shall be construed to limit the ability of Amtrak to enter into an agreement with 1 or more States to allocate operating and capital costs under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation 
shall establish and transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives substantive and procedural requirements, including schedules, for grant requests under this section. 
grant requests for Federal funds appropriated to the Secretary of Transportation for the use of Amtrak to— 
Transportation, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
costs for the upcoming fiscal year for Northeast Corridor train services and infrastructure, Amtrak’s Statesupported routes, and Amtrak’s longdistance routes, and Amtrak’s other national network activities, as applicable, in comparison to prior fiscal year actual financial performance; 
with cost estimates and an estimated timetable for completion of the projects covered by the request; 
after the date that Amtrak submits a grant request under this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall complete a review of the request and provide notice to Amtrak that— 
reason for the disapproval and an explanation of any incomplete or deficient items. 
percentage allocations in the event of a continuing resolution or in the absence of an appropriations Act for the duration of a fiscal year. 
Secretary for the use of Amtrak shall remain available until expended. Amounts for capital acquisitions and improvements may be appropriated for a fiscal year before the fiscal year in which the amounts will be obligated. 
Corridor train services or infrastructure, as allocated under section 24317; and 
amounts deposited in the Northeast Corridor investment account shall be made available for the use of Amtrak for its share of— 
capacity, improve service reliability, and reduce travel time on the Northeast Corridor; 
remanufacturing, overhauling, or improving equipment and associated facilities used for intercity rail passenger transportation by Northeast Corridor train services; 
interest on loans for capital projects described in this paragraph or for capital leases for equipment and related to the Northeast Corridor; 
costs directly incurred by or allocated to the Northeast Corridor. 
provided to Amtrak under section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 24101 note); and 
provided to Amtrak for costs associated with its longdistance routes; and 
provided to Amtrak for costs associated with its other national network activities; and 
date that Amtrak notifies the Amtrak Board of Directors, including the Secretary, of the planned transfer; and 
the account from which the transfer is drawn, in comparison to a scenario in which no transfer was made; and 
the account receiving the transfer, in comparison to a scenario in which no transfer was made. 
on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of the proposed letter. The Secretary shall include with the notice a copy of the proposed letter, the criteria used for selecting the project for a grant award, and a description of how the project meets the criteria under this section. 
commitment may be made only when amounts are appropriated. The letter of intent shall state that the contingent commitment is not an obligation of the Federal Government, and is subject to the availability of appropriations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment.’’. 
contents for chapter 243 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
35201 of this Act, is further amended by inserting after section 24319 the following: 
prepare a 5year business line plan for each of the following business lines and services: 
including commuter operations and other revenue generating activities as determined by the Secretary in consultation with Amtrak. 
and service plan for the business line, coordinated with any entities that are contributing capital or operating funding to support passenger rail services within those business lines, 
for the business line, including identification of revenues and expenditures incurred by— 
debt and associated principal and interest payments (both current and forecasts); 
within each business line, including descriptions of the cash operating loss or contribution and labor productivity for each route; 
line plan, coordinate with the StateSupported Route Committee established under section 24712; 
plan, coordinate with any States or Interstate Compacts that provide funding for such routes, as appropriate; 
subsection, Amtrak shall use the categories specified in the financial accounting and reporting system developed under section 203 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) when preparing its 5 year business line plans. 
controlled Northeast Corridor assets and other Amtrakowned infrastructure, and the associated facilities that support the operation, maintenance, and improvement of those assets. 
Amtrakcontrolled rolling stock, locomotives, and mechanical shop facilities that are used to overhaul equipment. 
passenger rail stations and elements of other stations for which Amtrak has legal responsibility or intends to make capital investments. 
plan for each asset category, including goals, objectives, any relevant performance metrics, and statutory or regulatory actions affecting the assets; 
assets, to the extent practicable, including information regarding shared use or ownership, if applicable; 
overall operational performance, lower costs, or otherwise improve Amtrak’s corporate efficiency; or 
‘‘(iii) describes the anticipated business outcome of each project or program identified under this subparagraph, including an assessment of— 
to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
‘‘(iii) extraneous to providing an efficient national passenger rail system or are too costly relative to the benefits or performance outcomes they provide. 
section, the term ‘national assets’ means the Nation’s core rail assets shared among Amtrak services, including national reservations, security, training and training centers, and other assets associated with Amtrak’s national passenger rail transportation system. 
Amtrak to submit final 5year business line plans and 5year asset plans under section 24320 of title 49, United States Code, shall take effect 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
contents for chapter 243, as amended by section 35201 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
are administrative, the Secretary shall eliminate the duplicative requirements; and 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish the StateSupported Route Committee (referred to in this section as the ‘Committee’) to promote mutual cooperation and planning pertaining to the rail operations of Amtrak and related activities of trains operated by Amtrak on Statesupported routes and to further implement section 209 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note). 
may invite and accept other nonvoting members to participate in Committee activities, as appropriate. 
establish a bloc voting system under which, at a minimum— 
Committee shall convene a meeting and shall define and implement the rules and procedures governing the Committee’s proceedings not later than 180 days after the date of establishment of the Committee by the Secretary. The rules and procedures shall— 
by the Committee in accordance with the Committee’s rules and procedures, once established, are binding on all Committee members. 
like services of all States and groups of States; and 
only for the benefit of that route and a proportionate share, based upon factors that reasonably reflect relative use, of costs incurred for the common benefit of more than 1 route. 
February 15, 2016, and monthly thereafter, Amtrak shall provide to each State that sponsors a Statesupported route a monthly invoice of the cost of operating such route, including fixed costs and thirdparty costs. The Committee shall determine the frequency and contents of the financial and performance reports that Amtrak shall provide to the States, as well as the planning and demand reports that the States shall provide to Amtrak. 
shall affect the obligation of a State to pay an amount not in dispute. 
assistance to the parties in the course of negotiations for a contract for operation of a State supported route. 
1 or more States to perform requested independent technical analysis of issues before the Committee; and 
including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with section 5703 of title 5. 
a contract for operation of a Statesupported route, Amtrak and the State or States that sponsor the route shall consider including provisions that provide penalties and incentives for performance. 
of Statesupported routes operated by Amtrak. The statement shall identify the roles and responsibilities of Committee members and any other relevant entities, such as host railroads, in meeting the identified goals and objectives, or carrying out the recommendations. The Committee may consult with such relevant entities, as the Committee considers appropriate, when developing the statement. 
related activities of services operated by other rail passenger carriers on Statesupported routes. 
The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Committee. 
the term ‘State’ means any of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, or a public entity that sponsor the operation of trains by Amtrak on a Statesupported route.’’. 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, as a condition of receiving a grant under section 101 of that Act, Amtrak shall obtain the services of an independent entity to develop and recommend objective methodologies for Amtrak to use in determining what intercity rail passenger transportation routes and services it should provide, including the establishment of new routes, the elimination of existing routes, and the contraction or expansion of services or frequencies over such routes. 
and service quality of intercity rail passenger transportation operations, including cost recovery, ontime performance, ridership, onboard services, stations, facilities, equipment, and other services; 
and populations that are not well served by intercity rail passenger transportation service or by other forms of intercity transportation; 
intercity rail passenger transportation service providers in other countries for determining intercity passenger rail routes and services; 
the overall network, including the effects on indirect costs; 
under authorization levels that have been enacted into law. 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate a rule to implement a pilot program for competitive selection of rail carriers for longdistance routes (as defined in section 24102). 
‘‘(ii) establish a deadline, of not more than 120 
right and obligation to provide intercity rail passenger transportation over that route subject 
Amtrak, award to that bidder an operating subsidy, as determined by the Secretary, over the applicable route that will not change during the fiscal year in which the bid was submitted solely as a result of the winning bid. 
the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a longdistance route. 
agreement with the rail carrier or rail carriers that own the infrastructure over which Amtrak operates a longdistance route and that host or would host the intercity rail passenger transportation. 
the Secretary awards the right and obligation to provide rail passenger transportation over a route under this section to an entity in lieu of Amtrak— 
preference to qualified Amtrak employees displaced by the award of the bid, consistent with the staffing plan submitted by the bidder, and shall be subject to the grant conditions under section 24405. 
that will be overseeing the execution of the staffing plan; and 
ONSTATESUPPORTED ROUTES .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as prohibiting a State 
from introducing competition for intercity rail passenger transportation or services on its Statesupported route or routes.’’. 
date of implementation of the pilot program under section 24711 of title 49, United States Code, and quadrennially thereafter until the pilot program is discontinued, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results on the pilot program to date and any recommendations for further action. 
contract in excess of $100,000,000 for rolling stock and locomotive procurements Amtrak shall submit a business case analysis to the Secretary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, on the utility of such procurements. 
describes the total lifecycle costs and the anticipated benefits related to revenue, operational efficiency, reliability, and other factors; 
funding for each payment, including Federal funds, State funds, Amtrak profits, Federal, State, or private loans or loan guarantees, and other funding; 
payment under the contract will increase Amtrak’s grant request, as required under section 24318 of title 49, United States Code, in that particular fiscal year; and 
section shall be construed as requiring Amtrak to disclose confidential information regarding a potential vendor’s proposed pricing or other sensitive business information prior to contract execution. 
section 35202 of this Act, is further amended by adding after section 24320 the following: 
date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, Amtrak shall develop and begin implementing a plan to eliminate, not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of that Act, the operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on board Amtrak trains. 
that no Amtrak employee holding a position as of the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act is involuntarily separated because of— 
LOSSES .—Beginning on the date that is 4 years 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, no Federal funds may be used to cover any operating loss associated with providing food and beverage service on a route operated by Amtrak or an alternative passenger rail service provider that operates a route in lieu of Amtrak under section 24711. 
contents for chapter 243, as amended in section 35202 of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall establish a pilot program for a State or States that sponsor a Statesupported route operated by Amtrak to facilitate— 
beverage products supplier or suppliers or local promotional event partner; 
food and beverage products or promotional events and related activities to help defray the costs of program administration and Statesupported routes; and 
can effectively be handled and integrated into existing food and beverage services, including compliance with all applicable regulations and standards governing such services. 
are held in compliance with all applicable regulations and standards, including terms to address insurance requirements; and 
revenues and costs and indicates whether the products or events resulted in a reduction in the financial contribution of a State or States to the applicable Statesupported route. 
date of establishment of the pilot programs under this section, Amtrak shall report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on which States have participated in the pilot programs under this section. The report shall summarize the financial and operational outcomes of the pilot programs. 
subsection shall be construed as limiting Amtrak’s ability to operate special trains in accordance with section 216 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24308 note). 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall issue a Request for Proposals seeking qualified persons or entities to utilize rightofway and real estate owned, controlled, or managed by Amtrak for telecommunications systems, energy distribution systems, and other activities considered appropriate by Amtrak. 
shall provide sufficient information on the rightofway and real estate assets to enable respondents to propose an arrangement that will monetize or generate additional revenue from such assets through revenue sharing or leasing agreements with Amtrak, to the extent possible. 
shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to utilize rightofway or real estate assets that it currently owns, controls, or manages or constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into agreements with other parties to utilize such assets. 
later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
and accessibility of and around Amtrak stations and terminals, for the purposes of— 
the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.) and the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.); and 
would have a positive incremental financial impact to Amtrak, based on Amtrak feasibility studies that demonstrate a financial benefit to Amtrak by generating additional revenue that exceeds any incremental costs. 
shall be construed to limit Amtrak’s ability to develop its stations, terminals, or other assets, to constrain Amtrak’s ability to enter into and carry out agreements with other parties to enhance development at or around Amtrak stations or terminals, or to affect any station development initiatives ongoing as of the date of enactment of this Act. 
and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended— 
that debt receives credit assistance, including direct loans and loan guarantees, under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code or title V of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 821 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall develop a pilot program that allows passengers to transport domesticated cats or dogs on certain trains operated by Amtrak. 
comprised of more than 1 car, designate, where feasible, at least 1 car in which a ticketed passenger may transport a domesticated cat or dog in the same manner as carryon baggage if— 
domesticated cat or dog on a train in the same manner as cargo if— 
a manner protective of cat and dog safety and health; and 
by a ticketed passenger in an amount that, in the aggregate and at a minimum, covers the full costs of the pilot program. 
section may be interpreted to require Amtrak to add additional train cars or modify existing train cars. 
be used to implement the pilot program required under this section. 
of the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, with general business and financial experience, experience or qualifications in transportation, freight and passenger rail transportation, travel, hospitality, or passenger air transportation businesses, or representatives of employees or users of passenger rail transportation or a State government. 
‘‘(ii) 2 individuals from States with Statesupported routes operated by Amtrak. 
The Board shall elect a chairperson and vice chairperson, other than the President of Amtrak, from among its membership. The vice chairperson shall serve as chairperson in the absence of the chairperson. 
may be represented at Board meetings by the Secretary’s designee.’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Amtrak Office of Inspector General shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that— 
for passengers, including passengers using or transporting nonmotorized transportation, such as wheelchairs and bicycles, at its 15 stations through which the most people pass; 
consultation with the Transportation Security Administration, to improve Amtrak’s boarding procedures, including recommendations regarding the queuing of passengers and freeflow of all station users and facility improvements needed to achieve the recommendations. 
Transportation shall develop and implement a program for issuing 3year operating assistance grants to applicants, on a competitive basis, for the purpose of initiating, restoring, or enhancing intercity rail passenger service. 
planning actions (such as environmental reviews), and mobilization actions (such as qualification of train crews) required for initiation of service; and 
such equipment will be acquired or refurbished, and where such equipment will be maintained; and 
costs and operating costs for the first 3 years of operation; 
and capital costs, to the extent necessary, after the first 3 years of operation; and 
such entity is not part of the applicant group; and 
this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications— 
funding from railroads), and funding or other significant participation by State, local, and regional governmental and private entities; 
communities that are underserved or not served by other intercity public transportation; 
grants authorized under this section for any individual intercity rail passenger transportation route may not provide funding for more than 3 years and may not be renewed. 
for carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
require grant recipients under this section to enter into a grant agreement that requires them to provide similar information regarding the route performance, financial, and ridership projections, and capital and business plans that Amtrak is required to provide, and such other data and information as the Secretary deems necessary. 
date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary, after consultation with grant recipients under this section, shall submit a report to Congress that describes— 
term ‘applicant’ means a State (including the District of Columbia), a group of States, an Interstate Compact, a public agency or publicly chartered authority established by 1 or more States and having responsibility for providing intercity rail passenger transportation, or a political subdivision of a State.’’; and 
grant is issued under section 24406,’’ after ‘‘chapter’’; and 
Secretary shall allocate an appropriate portion of the amounts available under this chapter to provide grants to States— 
rail service, for the purpose of funding freight rail capital projects that are on a State rail plan developed under chapter 227 that provide public benefits (as defined in chapter 227), as determined by the Secretary; or 
not physically connected to rail systems in the continental United States or may not otherwise qualify for a grant under this section due to the unique characteristics of the geography of that State or other relevant considerations, for the purpose of funding transportationrelated capital projects.’’. 
inserting after section 24406, as added by section 5301 of this Act, the following: 
authority established by 1 or more States that has responsibility for providing intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation; 
under a cooperative agreement with 1 or more States; or 
rehabilitate, or repair major infrastructure assets utilized for providing intercity passenger rail service, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets, as determined by the Secretary; or 
intercity passenger rail performance, including reduced trip times, increased train frequencies, 
higher operating speeds, and other improvements, as determined by the Secretary. 
‘qualified railroad asset’ means infrastructure, equipment, or a facility that— 
date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act. 
grants under this section include capital projects to replace or rehabilitate qualified railroad assets, including— 
with assets that increase capacity or provide a higher level of service; and 
be maintained while existing assets are brought to a state of good repair. 
total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
project, including anticipated private and public benefits relative to the costs of the proposed project, including— 
project’s business plan considers potential private sector participation in the financing, construction, or operation of the proposed project; 
‘‘(iii) the capability and willingness to maintain the equipment or facilities; 
project with planning guidance and documents set forth by the Secretary or required by law; and 
not eligible for a grant under this section unless the project is specifically identified— 
shall estimate the total cost of a project under this section based on the best available information, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, environmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equipment or facilities. 
total costs for a project under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
letter of intent to a grantee under this section that— 
major capital project under this section, an amount from future available budget authority specified in law that is not more than the amount stipulated as the financial participation of the Secretary in the project; and 
‘‘(ii) is subject to the availability of appropriations under Federal law and to Federal laws in force or enacted after the date of the contingent commitment. 
carrying out this section shall remain available until expended. 
contents for chapter 244 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 24406 the following: ‘‘24407. FederalState partnership for state of 
Section 24402 is amended by adding at the end 
this chapter for an amount in excess of $1,000,000,000, the following conditions shall apply: 
obligate any funding unless the applicant demonstrates, to the satisfaction of the Secretary, that the applicant has committed, and will be able to fulfill, the nonFederal share required for the grant within the applicant’s proposed project completion timetable. 
funding for work activities that occur after the completion of final design unless— 
the Secretary that generally identifies the sources of the nonFederal funding required for any subsequent segments or phases of the corridor service development program covering the project for which the grant is awarded; 
‘‘(ii) the grant will result in a useable segment, a transportation facility, or equipment, that has operational independence or is financially sustainable; and 
‘‘(iii) the intercity passenger rail benefits anticipated to result from the grant, such as increased speed, improved ontime performance, reduced trip time, increased frequencies, new service, safety improvements, improved accessibility, or other significant enhancements, are detailed by the grantee and approved by the Secretary. 
a grantee subject to this subsection to engage in atrisk work activities subsequent to the conclusion of final design if the Secretary determines that such work activities are reasonable and necessary.’’. 
‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632), except that the term does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $22,410,000, 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to evaluate the restoration of intercity rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region between New Orleans, Louisiana, and Orlando, Florida. 
which shall serve as chair of the working group; 
the Secretary, which may include independent passenger rail operators that express an interest in Gulf Coast service. 
rail passenger service in the Gulf Coast region, including options outlined in the report transmitted to Congress pursuant to section 226 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432); 
projects and other actions required to restore such service and cost estimates for such projects or actions; and 
sources required to restore such service, including options for entering into publicprivate partnerships to restore such service. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall convene a working group to review issues relating to— 
routes by rail passenger carriers other than Amtrak; and 
unions and building trade unions with substantial engagement in railroad rights of way construction and maintenance; and 
shall evaluate options for improving Statesupported routes and may make recommendations, as appropriate, regarding— 
operations and services on a competitive basis with the objective of creating the highest quality service at the lowest cost to the taxpayer; 
Statesupported routes as a part of a national network with multiple providers providing integrated services including ticketing, scheduling, and route planning; and 
routes and connecting commuter rail operations, including maximized intramodal and intermodal connections and common sources of funding for capital projects. 
year after the date the working group is established, the working group shall submit a preliminary report to the Secretary, the Governors of States funding Statesupported routes, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes— 
be implemented by a State and State authority or by the Secretary; and 
Not later than 2 years after the date the working group is established, the working group shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that includes final legislative recommendations. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with Amtrak, commuter rail authorities, and other passenger rail operators, railroad carriers that own rail infrastructure 
over which both passenger and freight trains operate, States, the Surface Transportation Board, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905, the StateSupported Route Committee established under section 24712, and groups representing rail passengers and customers, as appropriate, shall complete a study that evaluates— 
by a rail carrier that does not own the rightof way, such as passenger rail services that operate over privatelyowned rightofway, including an analysis of— 
statutory, and regulatory mechanisms for establishing, measuring, and enforcing train performance standards, including— 
modeled after section 170 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2210); 
Transportation, including the Office of the Secretary, the Federal Railroad Administration, and the Federal Transit Administration;’’; and 
those specified in the state of good repair plan under section 211 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008’’; and 
RECOMMENDATIONS , AND PERFORMANCE RE PORTS .—The Commission shall submit to the 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives— 
by striking ‘‘Within 2 years after the date of enactment of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008, the Commission’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commission’’; 
implement the policy in accordance with the timetable; and 
members, the Commission may petition the Surface Transportation Board to appoint a mediator to assist the Commission members through nonbinding mediation to reach an agreement under this section.’’; 
striking ‘‘on the main line.’’ and inserting ‘‘on the main line and meet annually with the Commission on the topic of Northeast Corridor safety and security.’’. 
each year, the Northeast Corridor Commission established under section 24905 (referred to in this section as the ‘Commission’) shall— 
Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines; and 
Secretary of Transportation and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. 
with the first fiscal year after the date on which the plan is completed; 
Northeast Corridor infrastructure assets, including tunnels, bridges, stations, and other assets; 
‘‘(iv) improvements to support service enhancements or growth; or 
operators to meet regulatory requirements if the project or program is not funded; and 
the Commission expects will receive Federal financial assistance; and 
Administration process, as authorized under section 5326, when implemented; and 
‘‘(ii) an assessment of asset condition; ‘‘(iii) a description of the resources and processes necessary to bring or maintain those assets in a state of good repair, including decisionsupport tools and investment prioritization methods; and 
‘‘(iv) a description of changes in asset condition since the previous version of the plan. 
once every 10 years, the Commission shall update the Northeast Corridor service development plan.’’. 
amended by striking ‘‘section 24904 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘section 24903’’. 
(ii) by inserting after the item relating to section 24903, as redesignated, the following: 
Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (division B of Public Law 110–432; 49 U.S.C. 24902 note) is repealed. 
commuter rail ticketing technologies, policies, and other relevant aspects on the Northeast Corridor; 
and impediments to developing such through ticketing options; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the Commission, Amtrak, and commuter rail transportation authorities on the Northeast Corridor shall complete a study of the potential benefits resulting from Amtrak and such authorities undertaking select joint procurements for common materials, assets, and equipment when expending Federal funds for such purchases. 
after completing the study required under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
the term ‘‘Northeast Corridor’’ means the Northeast Corridor main line between Boston, Massachusetts, and the Virginia Avenue interlocking in the District of Columbia, and the Northeast Corridor branch lines connecting to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, Springfield, Massachusetts, and Spuyten Duyvil, New York, including the facilities and services used to operate and maintain those lines. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Surface Transportation Board, Amtrak, freight railroads, State and local governments, and regional business, tourism and economic development agencies shall conduct a data needs assessment— 
costeffective modeling and analysis for intercity passenger rail development programs; 
whether the authorization of additional data collection for intercity passenger rail travel is warranted; and 
180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enhance the usefulness of assessments of benefits and costs, for intercity passenger rail and freight rail projects— 
protect sensitive or confidential to the greatest extent permitted by law. Nothing in this section shall require any entity to provide information to the Secretary in the absence of a voluntary agreement. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a request for proposals for projects for the financing, design, construction, operation, and maintenance of an intercity passenger rail system, including— 
service, including possible routes, required infrastructure investments and improvements, equipment needs and type, train frequencies, peak and average operating speeds, and trip times; 
comply with all applicable Federal rail safety and security laws, orders, and regulations; 
maximize the usage of existing infrastructure to the extent possible, and the populations such stations are intended to serve; 
required both initially and in subsequent years to maintain a stateofgoodrepair necessary to provide the initially proposed level of service or higher levels of service; 
sources thereof, including the identity of any person or entity that has made or is expected to make a commitment to provide or secure funding and the amount of such commitment; and 
compensation for any asset, property right or interest, or service acquired from, owned, or 
held by a private person or Federal entity that would be acquired, impaired, or diminished in value as a result of a project, except as otherwise agreed to by the private person or entity; 
contribute to the development of the intercity passenger rail system and an intermodal plan describing how the system will facilitate convenient travel connections with other transportation services; 
compliance with Federal laws governing the rights and status of employees associated with the route and service, including those specified in section 24405 of title 49, United States Code; 
comply with Federal and State environmental laws and regulations, of what environmental impacts would result from the project, and of how any adverse impacts would be mitigated; and 
highway and aviation congestion, energy consumption, land use, and economic development in the service area. 
stops along the proposed corridor, or their respective designees; 
filled in the same manner in which the original 
the proposal, including risks associated with project financing, implementation, completion, safety, and security; 
legislation that would facilitate implementation of the projects and Federal legislation that would be required to implement the projects; and 
given an opportunity to make a verbal presentation to the commission to explain their proposals. 
‘‘intercity passenger rail’’ means intercity rail passenger transportation as defined in section 
Amtrak shall have the authority available to other Inspectors General, as necessary in carrying out the duties specified in the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), to investigate any alleged violation of sections 286, 287, 371, 641, 1001, 1002 and 1516 of title 18, United States Code. 
371, 641, 1001, 1002, and 1516 of title 18, United States Code, Amtrak and the Amtrak Office of Inspector General, shall be considered a corporation in which the United States has a proprietary interest as set forth in section 6 of that title. 
table of contents for chapter 243 is amended by striking the item relating to section 24316 and inserting the following: 
‘‘24316. Plans to address the needs of families of 
of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 24101 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘nonprofit organizations representing employees who perform overhaul and maintenance of passenger railroad equipment,’’ after ‘‘equipment manufacturers,’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop a model of a Statespecific highwayrail grade crossing action plan and distribute the model plan to each State. 
identifying and evaluating highwayrail grade crossing safety risks, including the public safety risks posed by blocked highwayrail grade crossings due to idling trains; 
costs of different designs and technologies used to mitigate highwayrail grade crossing safety risks; and 
set of the highwayrail grade crossing accidents or incidents in that State over the past 3 years, including the location, number of deaths, and number of injuries for each accident or incident; and 
under section 202 of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note), to develop and implement a State highwayrail grade crossing action plan; and 
have experienced recent highwayrail grade crossing accidents or incidents, or are at high risk for accidents or incidents; 
safety at highwayrail grade crossings, including highwayrail grade crossing closures or grade separations; and 
assistance to each State in developing and carrying out, as appropriate, the State plan under this subsection. 
submit its final State plan under this subsection to the Secretary for publication. The Secretary shall make each approved State plan publicly available on an official Internet Web site. 
the awarding of a grant to a State under chapter 244 of title 49, United States Code, on that State submitting an acceptable State plan under this subsection. 
60 days after the date of receipt of a State plan under this subsection, the Secretary shall— 
‘‘highwayrail grade crossing’’ means a location within a State, other than a location where 1 or more railroad tracks cross 1 or more railroad tracks at grade, where— 
the date of enactment of this Act, each railroad carrier providing intercity rail passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation, in consultation with any applicable host railroad carrier, shall survey its entire system and identify each main track location where there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge. 
there is a reduction of more than 20 miles per hour from the approach speed to a curve or bridge and the maximum authorized operating speed for passenger trains at that curve or bridge; 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in reducing derailment risk. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2013–08, entitled ‘‘Operational Tests and Inspections for Compliance With Maximum Authorized Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; 
taken in response to Safety Advisory 2015–03, entitled ‘‘Operational and Signal Modifications for Compliance with Maximum Authorized Passenger Train Speeds and Other Speed Restrictions’’; and 
shall prohibit the Secretary from applying the requirements of this section to other segments of track at high risk of overspeed derailment. 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in reducing derailment risk. 
(as defined in section 24102 of title 49, United States Code). 
The Secretary may require or allow a technology or practice in lieu of a working alerter if the Secretary determines that the technology or practice would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in enhancing or ensuring appropriate locomotive control. 
Secretary may exempt from the requirements of this section each segment of track for which operations are governed by a positive train control system certified under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code, or any other safety technology or practice that would achieve an equivalent or greater level of safety in providing additional signal protection. 
such a plan, until the implementation of a positive train control system by the railroad carrier, shall analyze and, as appropriate, prioritize technologies and practices to mitigate the risk of overspeed derailments.’’. 
track inspection regulations to determine if a railroad carrier providing commuter rail passenger transportation on high density commuter railroad lines should be required to inspect the lines in the same manner as currently required for other commuter railroad lines. 
may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to promulgate regulations or issue orders under any other law. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report of the findings of the study and any recommendations for further action. 
is amended by inserting after section 20120 the following: 
and expend cash, or receive and utilize spare parts and similar items, from nonUnited States Government sources to repair damages to or replace United States Government owned automated track inspection cars and equipment as a result of thirdparty liability for such damages, and any amounts collected under this section shall be credited directly to the Railroad Safety and Operations account of the Federal Railroad Administration, and shall remain available until expended for the repair, operation, and maintenance of automated track inspection cars and equipment in connection with the automated track inspection program.’’. 
contents for subchapter I of chapter 201 is amended by adding after section 21020 the following: 
appears and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’; 
directly employed by or contracted by a rail carrier and certified or commissioned as a police officer under the laws of a State transfers primary employment or residence from the certifying or commissioning State to another State or jurisdiction, the railroad police officer, not later than 1 year after the date of transfer, shall apply to be certified or commissioned as a police office under the laws of the State of new primary employment or residence. 
meeting that State’s basic police officer certification or commissioning requirements for qualification as a rail police officer under this section any individual who successfully completes a program at a Staterecognized police training academy in another State or at a Federal law enforcement training center and who is certified or commissioned as a police officer by that other State. 
subsection shall be construed as superseding or affecting any unique State training requirements related to criminal law, criminal procedure, motor vehicle code, or Statemandated comparative or annual inservice training academy or Federal law enforcement training center.’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall revise the regulations in part 207 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to railroad police officers), to permit a railroad to designate an individual, who is commissioned in the individual’s State of legal residence or State of primary employment and directly employed by or contracted by a railroad to enforce State laws for the protection of railroad property, personnel, passengers, and cargo, to serve in the States in which the railroad owns property. 
amended by striking ‘‘employed by’’ and inserting ‘‘directly employed by or contracted by’’. 
after the completion date, the Administrator of the Federal Railroad Administration shall submit a final report on the directives and recommendations to Congress. 
plan for addressing the needs of the families of passengers involved in any rail passenger accident, which was submitted pursuant to section 24316 of title 49, United States Code; 
center at the accident locale or other appropriate location; 
items belonging to passengers that were lost in the crash; and 
service entity within Amtrak to coordinate the response to the needs of the passengers involved in the crash and their families; 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, Amtrak shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives that describes— 
granting of petition from the State’’ and inserting ‘‘Upon the granting of a petition from the State’’. 
standard, requirement, or practice has been subject to notice and comment under a rule or order issued under this part.’’ and indenting accordingly; 
and incidence reporting’’ and inserting ‘‘accident and incident reporting’’; 
after ‘‘In developing its railroad safety risk reduction program’’; and 
amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of Transportation’’. 
striking ‘‘after enactment of the Railroad Safety Enhancement Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008’’. 
‘‘solid waste facilities’’ and inserting ‘‘solid waste rail transfer facilities’’; and 
safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fatalities caused by catastrophic failures and other bridge and tunnel failures.’’ and inserting ‘‘Improving the safety of railroad bridges, tunnels, and related infrastructure to prevent accidents, incidents, injuries, and fatalities caused by catastrophic and other failures of such infrastructure.’’. 
title II of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 22501 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Public Service Announcements’’ and inserting ‘‘public service announcements’’. 
division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 103 note) is amended— 
TESTING FOR MAINTENANCE OFWAY EMPLOY EES.—Section 412 of title IV of division A of the 
Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20140 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’. 
IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
416 of title IV of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20107 note) is amended— 
VI of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘ SOLID WASTE FACILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL TRANSFER FACILITIES ’’. 
title VI of division A of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008 (122 Stat. 4900) is amended by striking ‘‘ SOLID WASTE TRANSFER FACILITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘ SOLID WASTE RAIL 
shall submit a report to Congress containing the results of a study evaluating the effectiveness of the Federal Railroad Administration’s final rule on the use of locomotive horns at highwayrail grade crossings, which was published in the Federal Register on August 17, 2006 (71 Fed. Reg. 47614). 
Act of 2008 (49 U.S.C. 20103 note) is amended— 
section 35302 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
may make grants under this section to an eligible recipient to assist in financing the cost of improving passenger and freight rail transportation systems in terms of safety, efficiency, or reliability. 
that provides intercity rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102) or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102). 
in the development of operational and safetyrelated standards for rail equipment and operations or the implementation of safetyrelated programs. 
any entity with which it contracts in the development of railrelated research, including cooperative research programs. 
projects are eligible to receive grants under this section: 
24401, except that a project shall not be required to be in a State rail plan developed under chapter 227. 
necessary to enhance multimodal connections or facilitate service integration between rail service and other modes, including between intercity rail passenger transportation and intercity bus service. 
safety program or institute designed to improve rail safety culture and rail safety performance. 
shall prescribe the form and manner of filing an application under this section. 
which the proposed Federal share of total project costs does not exceed 50 percent; and 
project’s business plan considers potential private sector participation in the financing, construction, or operation of the project; 
the legal, financial, and technical capacity to carry out the proposed project, satisfactory continuing control over the use of the equipment or facilities, and the capability and willingness to maintain the equipment or facilities; 
ratings that proposed project received under previous competitive grant programs administered by the Secretary; and 
shall establish performance measures for each grant recipient to assess progress in achieving strategic goals and objectives. The Secretary may require a grant recipient to periodically report information related to such performance measures. 
will be spent) is located in a rural area. 
shall estimate the total costs of a project under this subsection based on the best available information, including engineering studies, studies of economic feasibility, environmental analyses, and information on the expected use of equipment or facilities. 
total project costs under this subsection shall not exceed 80 percent. 
provided in this section, the use of any amounts appropriated for grants under this section shall be subject to the requirements of this chapter. 
carrying out this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
contents of chapter 244, as amended by section 35302 of this Act, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 24407 the following: 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall promulgate regulations— 
(ii) the point of origin and destination of the 
protections to prevent the release of the electronic train consist information to unauthorized persons; and 
‘‘applicable fusion center’’ means a fusion center with responsibility for a geographic area in which a Class I railroad operates. 
term ‘‘highhazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a continuous block or a single train transporting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
includes, with regard to a specific train, the number of rail cars and the commodity transported by each rail car. 
to amend any requirement for a railroad to provide a State Emergency Response Commission, for each State in which it operates trains transporting 1,000,000 gallons or more of Bakken crude oil, notification regarding the expected movement of such trains through the counties in the State. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall promulgate such regulations as are necessary to require each tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification and each nonjacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification— 
that there will be no release of any lading within the tank car, except release through the pressure relief device, when subjected to a pool fire for 200 minutes and a torch fire for 30 minutes. 
this section, the term ‘‘thermal blanket’’ means an insulating blanket that is applied between 
the outer surface of a tank car tank and the 
inner surface of a tank car jacket and that has thermal conductivity no greater than 2.65 Btu per inch, per hour, per square foot, and per degree Fahrenheit at a temperature of 2000 degrees Fahrenheit, plus or minus 100 degrees Fahrenheit. 
this section may be construed to affect or prohibit any requirement to equip with appropriately sized pressure relief devices a tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification or a nonjacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking to require each railroad carrier transporting a Class 3 flammable liquid to maintain a comprehensive oil spill response plan. 
may be construed as prohibiting the Secretary from promulgating different comprehensive oil response plan standards for Class I, Class II, and Class III railroads. 
CLASS III RAILROAD .—The terms ‘‘Class I railroad’’, ‘‘Class II railroad’’ and ‘‘Class III railroad’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘National Contingency Plan’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701). 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
‘‘worstcase discharge’’ means a railroad carrier’s calculation of its largest foreseeable discharge in the event of an accident or incident. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall initiate a study on the levels and structure of insurance for a railroad carrier transporting hazardous materials. 
of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended (42 U.S.C. 2210); and 
of title XXI of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300aa–10 et seq.). 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
during emergency braking application, including more than 1 scenario involving the uncoupling of a train with 70 or more DOT–117specification or DOT–117Rspecification tank cars; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the testing. 
date, fully incorporate and reflect the findings from both reports into a draft updated regulatory impact analysis of the effects of the applicable ECP brake system requirements; 
public comment period, post the final updated regulatory impact analysis on the Department of Transportation Web site. 
mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
The term ‘‘highhazard flammable unit train’’ means a single train transporting 70 or more loaded tank cars containing Class 3 flammable liquid. 
Board’’ means the independent governing board of the National Cooperative Rail Research Program. 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
is amended by adding after section 20167 the following: 
‘‘§ 20168. Installation of audio and image recording devices 
after the date of enactment of the Railroad Reform, Enhancement, and Efficiency Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall promulgate regulations to require each rail carrier that provides regularly scheduled intercity rail passenger or commuter rail passenger transportation to the public to install inward and outwardfacing image recording devices in all controlling locomotive cabs and cab car operating compartments in such passenger trains. 
incab image recordings that are stored only within a controlling locomotive cab or cab car operating compartment; and 
accordance with applicable safety laws and the rail carrier’s operating rules and procedures. 
image recording obtained by a rail carrier under this section may not be used to retaliate against an employee. 
may be construed as requiring a rail carrier to cease or restrict operations upon a technical failure of an inward or outwardfacing image recording device. Such rail carrier shall repair or replace the failed inward or outwardfacing image recording device as soon as practicable.’’. 
contents for subchapter II of chapter 201 is amended by adding at the end the following: 
includes commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 24102).’’. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement a reporting requirement to monitor industrywide progress toward modifying tank cars used in highhazard flammable train service by the applicable deadlines or authorization end dates set in regulation. 
before it was modified, including nonjacketed DOT–111, jacketed DOT–111, nonjacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard; and 
flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year; 
not modified, including the nonjacketed DOT– 111, jacketed DOT–111, nonjacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard, or jacketed DOT–111 meeting the CPC–1232 standard; and 
flammable liquid carried by each tank car in the past year. 
shall conduct a survey of tank car facilities modifying tank cars to the DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, or building new tank cars to the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent, to generate statisticallyvalid estimates of the expected number of tank cars those facilities expect to modify to DOT–117R specification, or equivalent, or build to the DOT–117 specification, or equivalent. 
term ‘‘highhazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid in a continuous block or a single train transporting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
completion of the comprehensive Crude Oil Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study at Sandia National Laboratories, the Secretary of Energy, in cooperation with the Secretary of Transportation, shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives that contains— 
Characteristics Research Sampling, Analysis, and Experiment (SAE) Plan study; and 
the Secretary of Transportation or the Secretary of Energy to improve the safe transport of crude oil; and 
carrier and each entity providing regularly scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation shall develop and submit to the Secretary of Transportation a plan for implementing a positive train control system by December 31, 2015, governing operations on— 
passenger transportation or commuter rail passenger transportation (as defined in section 
byinhalation hazardous materials (as defined in sections 171.8, 173.115, and 173.132 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations) are transported; and 
train control systems in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk. 
‘‘(ii) has demonstrated due diligence in its effort to implement a positive train control system; 
metrics that demonstrate the railroad carrier or other entity will implement a positive train control system as soon as practicable, if implementing in accordance with the milestones or metrics will not introduce operational challenges or risks to full, successful, and safe implementation; and 
carrier or other entity that identifies the reason for not approving the updated plan and explains any incomplete or deficient items; 
modified version of the updated plan submitted under subclause (II) not later than 60 days after receipt. 
days after approving an updated plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall make the updated plan available on the website of the Federal Railroad Administration. 
be installed with positive train control by the end of each calendar year until positive train control is fully implemented, with totals separated by each component category. 
‘‘(ii) The number of employees that will receive the training, as required under the applicable positive train control system regulations, by the end of each calendar year until positive train control is fully implemented. 
spectrum will be acquired and will be available for use in all areas that it is needed for positive train control implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and ready for use. 
components required for implementation, with totals separated by each major component category; 
training under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
term ‘component’ means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit (including any associated legacy signal system replacements), back office system hardware, a base station radio, a wayside radio, or a locomotive radio. 
carrier or other entity with an approved updated plan shall submit an annual report to the Secretary that describes the progress made on positive train control implementation, including— 
initiate the use of a positive train control system in every subdivision or district where the railroad carrier or other entity is prepared to do so safely, reliably, and successfully, and proceed with revenue service demonstration as necessary for system testing and certification, prior to full implementation.’’. 
specified dates in the regulations or orders implementing this section to the extent necessary to conform with the amendments made by such Act; and 
deadlines or requirements that are inconsistent with the amendments made by such Act.’’. 
train control systems are interoperable and operational on the railroad line in conformance with each approved implementation plan so that each freight and passenger railroad can operate on the line with that freight or passenger railroad’s positive train control equipment. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Track, Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act’’. 
taking into consideration any avoidance, minimization, and mitigation or enhancement measures incorporated into the program or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
taking into consideration any avoidance, minimization, and mitigation or enhancement measures incorporated into the program or project’’ after ‘‘historic site’’; and 
multimodal projects ’’ and inserting ‘‘ and increasing the efficiency of environmental reviews ’’; and 
the Secretary of Transportation under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
Secretary of Transportation shall incorporate such project development procedures into the agency regulations and procedures pertaining to rail projects. 
Secretary may assist a recipient of funding in acquiring rightofway and adjacent real property interests before or during the completion of the environmental reviews for any project receiving funding under subtitle V of title 49, United States Code, that may use such property interests if the acquisition is otherwise permitted under Federal law, and the recipient requesting Federal funding for the acquisition certifies, with the concurrence of the Secretary, that— 
review process from making an impartial decision as to whether to accept an alternative that is being considered; 
authorizing any Federal funding for the acquisition of a real property interest that is the subject of a grant or other funding under this subtitle, the Secretary shall complete, if required, the review process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to the acquisition. 
contents of chapter 241 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 24105 the following: 
of any Federal agency having direct’’ and indenting accordingly; and 
the date of enactment of the Track, Railroad, and Infrastructure Network Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit a proposed exemption of railroad rightsofway from the review under this chapter to the Council for its consideration, consistent with the exemption for interstate highways approved on March 10, 2005 (70 Fed. Reg. 11,928). 
by this title, shall be construed as superceding, amending, or modifying the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or affect the responsibility of any Federal officer to comply with or enforce any such statute. 
by this title, shall affect any existing environmental review process, program, agreement, or funding arrangement approved by the Secretary under title 49, United States Code, as that title was in effect on the day preceding the date of enactment of this subtitle. 
1976.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this subtitle an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, as amended (45 U.S.C. 801 et seq.). 
a rating of BBB minus, Baa 3, bbb minus, BBB(low), or higher assigned by a rating agency.’’; 
an agreement to make 1 or more direct loans or loan guarantees at future dates for a program of related projects on terms acceptable to the Secretary.’’; and 
note, bond, debenture, or other debt obligation issued by a borrower in connection with the financing of a project, other than a direct loan or 
given the term ‘railroad carrier’ in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
rail connection between a plant or facility and a rail carrier, limited option freight shippers that own or operate a plant or other facility; and’’. 
costs related to these activities, including pre construction costs’’ after ‘‘shops’’; 
than 30 days after the date that the Secretary receives an application under this section, the Secretary shall provide the applicant written notice as to whether the application is complete or incomplete. 
of all of the specific information or material that is needed to complete the application; and 
shall implement procedures and measures to economize the time and cost involved in obtaining an approval or a disapproval of credit assistance under this title. 
site a monthly report that includes for each application— 
the end and inserting ‘‘, including a program guide and standard term sheet and specific timetables.’’; 
and spend from each applicant, obligor, or loan party a reasonable charge for— 
amendments, modifications, and waivers, including for evaluating project viability, applicant creditworthiness, and the appraisal of the value of the equipment or facilities for which the direct loan or loan guarantee is sought, and for making necessary determinations and findings; 
a result of a breach of any term or condition or any event of default on a direct loan or loan guarantee. 
a financial entity to assist the Secretary in servicing a direct loan or loan guarantee under this section. 
the date of substantial completion of the project or the estimated useful life of the rail equipment or facilities to be acquired, rehabilitated, improved, developed, or established’’. 
anniversary date of the original loan disbursement’’ and inserting ‘‘5 years after the date of substantial completion’’; and 
‘‘(ii) be scheduled to be amortized over the remaining term of the loan. 
revenues that remain after satisfying scheduled debt service requirements on the project obligations and direct loan and all deposit requirements under the terms of any trust agreement, bond resolution, or similar agreement securing project obligations may be applied annually to prepay the direct loan without penalty. 
direct loan may be prepaid at any time without penalty from the proceeds of refinancing from nonFederal funding sources.’’. 
U.S.C. 822) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
and as soon as practicable after substantial completion of a project, the Secretary, after notifying the obligor, may sell to another entity or reoffer into the capital markets a direct loan for the project if the Secretary determines that the sale or reoffering has a high probability of being made on favorable terms. 
from pledged revenues not affected by project performance, such as a taxbased revenue pledge or a systembacked pledge of project revenues; and 
‘‘(iii) the program share, under this title, of eligible project costs is 50 percent or less. 
limitations for the waiver of the nonsubordination requirement under this paragraph if the Secretary determines that such limitations would be in the financial interest of the Federal 
of State or local subsidy income or other dedicated revenues to secure the direct loan or loan guarantee. 
loan or loan guarantee, as applicable, except that if the total amount of the direct loan or loan guarantee is greater than $75,000,000, the applicant shall have an investmentgrade rating from at least 2 rating agencies on the direct loan or loan guarantee.’’; and 
revenue sources that will secure the repayment of each applicable direct loan or loan guarantee; 
on and after all requirements have been met for 
the projects subject to the master credit agreement; and 
the Secretary, before which the master credit agreement results in each of the direct loans or loan guarantees or in the release of the master credit agreement.’’. 
227 of title 49’’ after ‘‘section 135 of title 23’’; 
States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 53 the following: 
‘‘5402. National multimodal freight policy. ‘‘5403. National multimodal freight network. ‘‘5404. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘5405. State freight advisory committees. ‘‘5406. State freight plans. ‘‘5407. Transportation investment planning and 
‘economic competitiveness’ means the ability of the economy to efficiently move freight and people, produce goods, and deliver services, including— 
commercial transportation of cargo, including agricultural, manufactured, retail, or other goods by vessel, vehicle, pipeline, or rail. 
of transportation that moves freight, including highways, ports, waterways, rail facilities, and pipelines; and 
The term ‘national highway freight network’ means the network established under section 167 of title 23. 
freight strategic plan’ means the strategic plan developed under section 5404. 
the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to chapter 53 the following: 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as added by section 41001, is amended by adding after section 5401 the following: 
improve the condition and performance of the national multimodal freight network; 
of the United States by investing in infrastructure improvements and implementing operational improvements on the freight network of the United States that achieve 1 or more of the following: 
the safety and efficiency of the national freight network. 
innovation, competition, and accountability into the operation and maintenance of the national 
for Policy, who shall be responsible for the oversight and implementation of the national multimodal freight policy, shall— 
processes at each modal administration to identify modeling and metric inconsistencies, approvals, and terminology differences that could hamper multimodal project approval; 
legal authorities to reduce project delays by issuing categorical exclusions or allowing self certifications of rightofway acquisitions for freight projects; and 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code, as amended by section 41002, is amended by adding after section 5402 the following: 
resources toward improved system performance for the efficient movement of freight on transportation networks; 
multimodal freight network established under this section shall consist of all connectors, corridors, and facilities in all freight transportation modes that are the most critical to the current and future movement of freight, including the national highway freight network, to achieve 
identified by a multiState coalition, a State, a State advisory committee, or a metropolitan planning organization, using national or local data, as having critical freight importance to the region; 
center, agricultural region, or manufacturing, warehouse, or industrial land; or 
within a State or metropolitan region, as determined by the State or the metropolitan planning organization. 
data to assess the significance of goods movement, including the consideration of points of origin, destination, and linking components of the United States global and domestic supply chains; 
designations from owners and operators of port, rail, pipeline, and airport facilities; and 
consistent with the State Transportation Improvement Program or freight plan. 
State may designate freight transportation infrastructure or facilities within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road or facility— 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
vital to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
SYSTEM .—Beginning on the date that is 5 years 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by title XLI), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary, in consultation with State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders, shall develop, after providing opportunity for 
notice and comment on a draft national freight strategic plan, and post on the public website of the Department of Transportation a national freight strategic plan that includes— 
national multimodal freight network that create significant freight congestion based on a quantitative methodology developed by the Secretary, which shall, at a minimum, include— 
estimate of the cost of addressing each bottleneck and any operational improvements that could be implemented; 
and national freight corridors that connect major economic corridors, population centers, trade gateways, and other major freight generators for current and forecasted traffic and freight volumes, the identification of which shall be revised, as appropriate, in subsequent plans; 
technological, institutional, financial, and other barriers to improved freight transportation performance (including opportunities for overcoming the barriers); 
projects and encouraging jurisdictions to collaborate on multistate projects; 
congestion involving freight traffic, and strategies to address those issues; 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42001), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
a freight advisory committee consisting of a representative crosssection of public and private sector freight stakeholders, including representatives of ports, third party logistics providers, shippers, carriers, freightrelated associations, the freight industry workforce, the transportation department of the State, and local governments. 
freight plan of the State described in section 5406.’’. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42002), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
freight plan that provides a comprehensive plan for the immediate and longrange planning activities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
system trends, needs, and issues with respect to the State; 
and urban freight corridors designated within the State under section 5403 of this title or section 167 of title 23; 
by heavy vehicles (including mining, agricultural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber vehicles) is projected to substantially deteriorate the condition of roadways, a description of improvements that may be required to reduce or impede the deterioration; 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42003), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Secretary shall— 
benefits and costs on a national or regional basis; 
freightrelated and other transportation projects could consider safety, economic competitiveness, urban and rural access, environmental sustainability, and system condition in the project selection process; 
data elements to support a broad range of evaluation methods and techniques to assist in making transportation investment decisions; and 
relevant Federal agencies, consider any improvements to existing freight flow data collection efforts that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight transportation demand. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United 
States Code (as amended by section 42004), is amended by adding at the end the following: 
authority to regulate or direct private activity on freight networks designated by this chapter.’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
and resiliency of freight transportation in rural and urban areas; 
the safety and efficiency of the national highway freight network; 
innovation, competition, and accountability into the operation and maintenance of the national highway freight network; 
designated as part of the primary highway freight system, including designated future Interstate System routes as of the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act. 
the primary highway freight system on the date that is 1 year after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Administrator shall limit the system to 30,000 centerline miles, without regard to the connectivity of the primary highway freight system. 
‘‘(ii) INTERMODAL CONNECTORS .—In redesignating the primary highway freight system, the Administrator shall include all National Highway System freight intermodal connectors. 
‘‘(ii) land and water ports of entry; ‘‘(iii) access to energy exploration, development, installation, or production areas; 
‘‘(iv) proximity of access to other freight intermodal facilities, including rail, air, water, and pipelines; 
‘‘(vi) significant freight bottlenecks, as identified by the Administrator; 
principal arterials, including consideration of global and domestic supply chains. 
highway freight system critical to the efficient movement of goods, including ports, international border crossings, airports, intermodal facilities, logistics centers, warehouses, and agricultural facilities; or 
‘‘(ii) ensure that the additional miles are consistent with the freight plan of the State; and 
State may designate a public road within the borders of the State as a critical rural freight corridor if the public road— 
has a minimum of 25 percent of the annual average daily traffic of the road measured in passenger vehicle equivalent units from trucks (Federal Highway Administration vehicle class 8 to 13); 
water, or other freight facilities in the State; or 
to improving the efficient movement of freight of importance to the economy of the State. 
500,000 OR MORE .—In an urbanized area with a 
population of 500,000 or more individuals, the representative metropolitan planning organization, in consultation with the State, may designate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight corridor. 
LESS THAN 500 ,000.—In an urbanized area with a 
population of less than 500,000 individuals, the State, in consultation with the representative metropolitan planning organization, may designate a public road within the borders of that area of the State as a critical urban freight corridor. 
the primary highway freight network and provides an alternative highway option important to goods movement; 
within the region, as determined by the metropolitan planning organization or the State. 
as part of the primary highway freight system; bears to 
in accordance with section 5405 of title 49; and 
with section 5406 of title 49, except that the multimodal component of the plan may be incomplete before an obligation may be made under this section. 
subsection, for a project to be eligible for funding under this section the project shall— 
plan included in a freight plan of the State that is in effect. 
‘‘(ii) that provide surface transportation infrastructure necessary to facilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of the facility. 
planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, preliminary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities. 
‘‘(ii) Construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation, acquisition of real property (including land relating to the project and improvements to land), construction contingencies, acquisition of equipment, and operational improvements directly relating to improving system performance. 
other technology to improve the flow of freight, including intelligent freight transportation systems. 
‘‘(iv) Efforts to reduce the environmental impacts of freight movement. 
‘‘(vi) Railwayhighway grade separation. ‘‘(vii) Geometric improvements to interchanges 
‘‘(xii) Realtime traffic, truck parking, roadway condition, and multimodal transportation information systems. 
‘‘(xvi) Highway ramp metering. ‘‘(xvii) Electronic cargo and border security 
would increase truck freight efficiencies inside the boundaries of intermodal facilities. 
fuel projects under section 149 for class 8 vehicles; and 
for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sections 134 and 135. 
strategies that will guide the freightrelated transportation investments of the State; 
the State and a description of the ways in which the State is allocating the national highway freight program funds to improve those bottlenecks; and 
undertake to meet the performance targets of the State. 
later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the DRIVE Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that contains— 
State freight plans under section 5406 of title 49; and 
projects included in the State freight plans, or otherwise identified by States, that are subject 
to the limitation of funding for such projects under this section. 
A State freight advisory committee shall be carried out as described in section 5405 of title 49. 
plan shall be carried out as described in section 5406 of title 49. 
transportation system, infrastructure, or facilities, including electronic roads, driverless trucks, elevated freight transportation facilities, and other intelligent freight transportation systems; and 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
described in the amendments made by section 44002 is to assist in funding critical highcost transportation infrastructure projects that— 
means an area that is outside of an urbanized area with a population greater than 150,000 individuals, as determined by the Bureau of the Census. 
means a State that has a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile, based on the most recent decennial census. 
submit to the Secretary or the Federal Highway Administrator (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’), as appropriate, an application in such form and containing such information as the Secretary or Administrator, as appropriate, determines necessary, including the total amount of the grant requested. 
under this paragraph shall include data on the most recent system performance, to the extent practicable, and estimated system improvements that will result from completion of the eligible project, including projections for improvements 5 and 10 years after completion of the project. 
grants, the Secretary or Administrator, as appropriate, shall take measures to ensure, to the maximum extent practicable— 
the United States shall conduct an assessment of the administrative establishment, solicitation, selection, and justification process with respect to the funding of grants described in this title. 
initial awarding of grants described in this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes— 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the assistance for major projects program shall be the purpose described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
means a surface transportation project, or a program of integrated surface transportation projects closely related in the function the projects perform, that— 
‘‘(aa) this title; or ‘‘(bb) chapter 53 of title 49; and ‘‘(II) except as provided in clause (ii), has eligible project costs that are reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed the lesser of— 
‘‘(aa) $350,000,000; and ‘‘(bb)(AA) for a project located in a single 
State, 25 percent of the amount of Federalaid highway funds apportioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; 
‘‘(BB) for a project located in a single rural 
State with a population density of 80 or fewer persons per square mile based on the most recent decennial census, 10 percent of the amount of Federalaid highway funds apportioned to the State for the most recently completed fiscal year; or 
‘‘(CC) for a project located in more than 1 
State, 75 percent of the amount of Federalaid highway funds apportioned to the participating State that has the largest apportionment for the most recently completed fiscal year. 
‘‘(ii) FEDERAL LAND TRANSPORTATION FACIL ITY.—In the case of a Federal land transportation facility, the term ‘eligible project’ means a Federal land transportation facility that has eligible project costs that are reasonably anticipated to equal or exceed $150,000,000. 
planning, feasibility analysis, revenue forecasting, environmental review, preliminary engineering and design work, and other preconstruction activities; and 
‘‘(ii) construction, reconstruction, rehabilitation, and acquisition of real property (including land related to the project and improvements to land), environmental mitigation, construction contingencies, acquisition of equipment directly related to improving system performance, and operational improvements. 
shall submit an application to the Administrator in such form as described in and in accordance with section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
‘‘(ii) reduction of longterm congestion, including impacts on a national, regional, and statewide basis; 
accessibility of the movement of people or freight; or 
including reducing transportation accident and serious injuries and fatalities; and 
nonFederal funding, including evidence of stable and dependable financing to construct, maintain, and operate the infrastructure facility. 
that is not later than 18 months after the date on which the project is selected; 
intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
grants under this section, the Administrator shall take measures as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
available for a fiscal year under this section for eligible projects located in rural areas or in rural States shall not be— 
available for the fiscal year under this section; and 
of the funds made available for a fiscal year to carry out this section may be awarded to projects in a single State. 
project shall be considered to be distributed evenly to each State. 
eligible applicant under this section, the Administrator may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide the entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with the requirements of sections 134 and 135. 
REQUIREMENTS .—If an eligible project that receives a grant under this section has a crossmodal component, the Administrator— 
each project funded under this section, the project sponsor shall evaluate system performance and submit to the Administrator a report not later than 5, 10, and 20 years after completion of the project to assess whether the project outcomes have met preconstruction projections. 
provide an annual report as described in section 44001 of the DRIVE Act. 
Chapter 54 of subtitle III of title 49, United States Code, as amended by section 42005, is amended by adding after section 5408 the following: 
project for funding under this section only if the Secretary determines that the project— 
‘‘(iii) to increase the speed, reliability, and accessibility of the movement of freight; and 
nonFederal funding, including evidence of stable and dependable financing to construct, maintain, and operate the infrastructure facility. 
that is not later than 1 year after the date on which the project is selected; 
intelligent transportation systems, that enhance the efficiency of the project; 
bottlenecks in the freight infrastructure of the United States; and 
benefits and an increase in the global economic competitiveness of the United States. 
receive grant funding under this section, the Secretary shall— 
In distributing funding for grants under this section, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure the investment in a variety of transportation 
awarded under this section is for a project located in a rural area— 
of the funding provided under this section shall be used to make grants for projects located in rural areas. 
conduct a new competition each fiscal year to select the grants and credit assistance awarded under this section. 
appropriated from the general fund of the Treasury, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 to carry out this section. 
appropriated pursuant to this subsection shall be available for obligation until expended. 
than 72 hours before public notification of a grant awarded under this section, the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate, the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives of such award. 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Transportation Funding Act of 2015’’. TITLE LI—HIGHWAY TRUST FUND AND 
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended by division G, is amended— 
TRUST FUND.—Section 9504 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— 
Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘November 21, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2021’’. 
made by this section shall take effect on November 21, 2015. 
Code is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’: 
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2024’’: 
Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2023’’. 
striking ‘‘October 1, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2024’’. 
by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
Out of money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, there is hereby appropriated— 
‘‘(ii) COVERED MOTOR VEHICLE SAFETY PEN ALTY COLLECTIONS .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘covered motor vehicle safety penalty collections’ means any amount collected in connection with a civil penalty under section 30165 of title 49, United States Code, reduced by any award authorized by the Secretary of Transportation to be paid to any person in connection with information provided by such person related to a violation of chapter 301 of such title which is a predicate to such civil penalty.’’. 
by this section shall apply to amounts collected after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
9508 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
FUND .—Out of amounts in the Leaking Underground Storage Tank Trust Fund there is hereby appropriated— 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
purposes of this section, the term ‘seriously delinquent tax debt’ means an outstanding debt under this title for which a notice of lien has been filed in public records pursuant to section 6323 or a notice of levy has been filed pursuant to section 6331, except that such term does not include— 
sentence is not a multiple of $1,000, such amount shall be rounded to the next highest multiple of $1,000.’’. 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE FOR PURPOSES OF PASS PORT REVOCATION UNDER SECTION 7345 .— 
receiving a certification described in section 7345, disclose to the Secretary of State return information with respect to a taxpayer who has a seriously delinquent tax debt described in such section. Such return information shall be limited to— 
Secretary of State may issue a passport, in emergency circumstances or for humanitarian reasons, to an individual described in such subparagraph. 
Treasury and the Secretary of State shall not be liable to an individual for any action with respect to a certification by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue under section 7345 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
(ii) includes an incorrect or invalid social security number willfully, intentionally, negligently, or recklessly provided by such individual, 
such application and is authorized to not issue a passport to the individual. 
amendments made by, this section shall take effect on January 1, 2016. 
provision of law, the Secretary shall enter into one or more qualified tax collection contracts for the collection of all outstanding inactive tax receivables. 
Revenue Service removes such receivable from the active inventory for lack of resources or inability to locate the taxpayer, 
1⁄3of the period of the applicable statute of limitation has lapsed and such receivable has not been assigned for collection to any employee of the Internal Revenue Service, or 
‘‘(iii) in the case of a receivable which has 
been assigned for collection, more than 365 days have passed without interaction with the taxpayer or a third party for purposes of furthering the collection of such receivable. 
FOR COLLECTION UNDER QUALIFIED TAXCOLLECTIONS CONTRACTS .—A tax receivable shall 
not be eligible for collection pursuant to a qualified tax collection contract if such receivable— 
qualified tax collection contract under section 6306 may, if speaking to a person who has identified himself or herself as having the name of the taxpayer to which a tax receivable (within the meaning of such section) relates, identify themselves as contractors of the Internal Revenue Service and disclose the business name of the contractor, and the nature, subject, and reason for the contact. Disclosures under this paragraph shall be made only in such situations and under such conditions as have been approved by the Secretary.’’. 
the inventory of the Internal Revenue Service to be collected by an employee thereof.’’. 
days after the last day of each fiscal year (beginning with the first such fiscal year ending after the date of the enactment of this subsection), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report with respect to qualified tax collection contracts under this section which shall include— 
number and amount of unpaid assessments, and on the number and amount of assessments collected by Internal Revenue Service personnel after initial contact by a contractor, 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
shall be expended for special compliance personnel employed under such program, and no funds from such account shall be expended for the hiring of any personnel other than special compliance personnel. 
Secretary is prohibited from spending funds out of such account for any purpose other than for costs under such program associated with the employment of special compliance personnel and the retraining and reassignment of current noncollections personnel as special compliance personnel, and to reimburse the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of administering qualified tax collection contracts under section 6306. 
each year, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall submit a report to the Committees on Finance and Appropriations of the Senate and the Committees on Ways and Means and Appropriations of the House of Representatives consisting of the following: 
estimated funds received or to be received in the account, all actual and estimated administrative and program costs, the number of all actual and estimated special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the actual and estimated revenue actually collected or to be collected by such personnel. 
of all funds to be received in the account, all estimated administrative and program costs, the estimated number of special compliance personnel hired and employed under the program, and the estimated revenue to be collected by such personnel. 
term ‘special compliance personnel’ means individuals employed by the Internal Revenue Service as field function collection officers or in a similar position, or employed to collect taxes using the automated collection system or an equivalent replacement system. 
and employment taxes relating to support staff, rental payments, office equipment and furniture, travel, data processing services, vehicle costs, utilities, telecommunications, postage, printing and reproduction, supplies and materials, lands and structures, insurance claims, and indemnities for special compliance personnel hired and employed under this section. 
management and supervision of special compliance personnel shall be taken into account as direct overhead costs to the extent such costs, when included in total program costs under this paragraph, do not represent more than 10 percent of such total costs.’’. 
in the Consumer Price Index to the nearest dollar; and 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘Consumer Price Index’ means the Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers published by the Bureau of Labor Statistics of the Department of Labor.’’. 
the Secretary of Energy determines to be appropriate to maximize the financial return to United States taxpayers for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017; 
shall not drawdown or conduct sales of crude oil under this section after the date on which a total of $9,050,000,000 has been deposited in the general fund of the Treasury from sales authorized under this section. 
Section 111 of the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act of 1982 (30 U.S.C. 1721) is amended— 
meaning given the term in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
1501.6 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
means any activity in the United States that requires authorization or environmental review by a Federal agency involving construction of infrastructure for renewable or conventional energy production, electricity transmission, surface transportation, aviation, ports and waterways, water resource projects, broadband, pipelines, manufacturing, or any other sector as determined by a majority vote of the Council that— 
(II) is likely to require a total investment of 
(III) does not qualify for abbreviated authorization or environmental review processes under any applicable law; or 
(ii) is subject to NEPA and the size and complexity of which, in the opinion of the Council, make the project likely to benefit from enhanced oversight and coordination, including a project likely to require— 
(II) the preparation of an environmental impact statement under NEPA. 
(ii) any project subject to section 2045 of the 
Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348). 
‘‘environmental assessment’’ means a concise public document for which a Federal agency is responsible under section 1508.9 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
document’’ means an environmental assessment, finding of no significant impact, notice of intent, environmental impact statement, or record of decision. 
means the agency with principal responsibility for an environmental review of a covered project under NEPA and parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
sponsor’’ means an entity, including any private, public, or publicprivate entity, seeking an authorization for a covered project. 
the agency CERPO under this title, an agency CERPO shall report directly to a deputy secretary (or the equivalent) or higher. 
shall each designate a councilmember under this subparagraph are as follows: 
(ix) The Chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
(xi) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (xii) The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. 
(xiv) Any other head of a Federal agency that 
the Executive Director may invite to participate as a member of the Council. 
enactment of this Act, establish an inventory of covered projects that are pending the environmental review or authorization of the head of any Federal agency; 
as appropriate, based on sector and project type; and 
agencies for each category of projects in the inventory on the Dashboard in an easily accessible format. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall develop recommended performance schedules, including intermediate and final completion 
shall reflect employment of the use of the most efficient applicable processes. 
schedule shall specify that any decision by an agency on an environmental review or authorization must be issued not later than 180 days after the date on which all information needed to complete the review or authorization (including any hearing that an agency holds on the matter) is in the possession of the agency. 
years after the date on which the performance schedules are established under this subparagraph, and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Executive Director, in consultation with the Council, shall review and revise the performance schedules. 
consultation with the Council, may recommend to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget or to the Council on Environmental Quality, as appropriate, that guidance be issued as necessary for agencies— 
after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than annually thereafter, the Council shall issue recommendations on the best practices for— 
including fully considering and, as appropriate, incorporating recommendations provided in public comments on any proposed covered project; 
(ii) ensuring timely decisions regarding environmental reviews and authorizations, including through the development of performance metrics; 
and nonFederal governmental entities, including through the development of common data standards and terminology across agencies; 
(vi) developing and making available to applicants appropriate geographic information systems and other tools; 
(vii) creating and distributing training materials useful to Federal, State, tribal, and local permitting officials; and 
(viii) addressing other aspects of infrastructure permitting, as determined by the Council. 
councilmember on matters related to environmental reviews and authorizations; 
to facilitate efficient and timely processes for environmental reviews and authorizations for covered projects under the jurisdictional responsibility of the agency, including supporting timely identification and resolution of potential disputes within the agency or between the agency and other Federal agencies; 
agency staff that support and conduct environmental reviews or authorizations. 
of the Office of Management and Budget shall designate a Federal agency, other than an agency that carries out or provides support for projects that are not covered projects, to provide administrative support for the Executive Director, and the designated agency shall, as reasonably necessary, provide support and staff to enable the Executive Director to fulfill the duties of the Executive Director under this title. 
(ii) a concise description, including the general location of the proposed project and a summary of geospatial information, if available, illustrating the project area and the locations, if any, of environmental, cultural, and historic resources; 
financial ability of the project sponsor to construct the proposed project; 
(iv) a statement of any Federal financing, environmental reviews, and authorizations anticipated to be required to complete the proposed project; and 
meets the definition of a covered project under section 61001 and a statement of reasons supporting the assessment. 
or other responsibilities with respect to the proposed project; and 
(ii) does not intend to exercise authority related to, or submit comments on, the proposed project. 
agency, the lead agency shall assume the responsibilities of the facilitating agency under this title. 
Director shall resolve any dispute over designation of a facilitating or lead agency for a particular covered project. 
Dashboard shall include a specific and searchable entry for each covered project. 
as to whether the project is a covered project; and 
the project is a covered project, create a specific entry on the Dashboard for the covered project. 
and supporting documents, if applicable, that have been submitted by a project sponsor for any required environmental review or authorization; or 
(III) a description of any Federal agency action taken or decision made that materially affects the status of a covered project; 
the action or decision described in subclause (III); and 
all entities with environmental review or authorization responsibility for the project. 
(iii) A discussion of potential avoidance, minimization, and mitigation strategies, if required by applicable law and known. 
(iv) Plans and a schedule for public and tribal 
outreach and coordination, to the extent required by applicable law. 
(iii) the regional or national economic significance of the project; 
(ii) DISPUTES .—If a dispute remains unresolved 30 days after the date on which the dispute was submitted to the Executive Director, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Chairman of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall facilitate a resolution of the dispute and direct the agencies party to the dispute to resolve the dispute by the end of the 60day period beginning on the date of submission of the dispute to the Executive Director. 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget in the resolution of a dispute under clause (ii) shall— 
applicable, or the affected cooperating agency provides a written justification for the modification. 
the permitting timetable may not be modified within 30 days of the completion date. 
(ii) FAILURE TO CONFORM .—If a Federal agency fails to conform with a completion date for agency action on a covered project or is at significant risk of failing to conform with such a completion date, the agency shall— 
for publication on the Dashboard an explanation of the specific reasons for failing or significantly risking failing to conform to the completion date and a proposal for an alternative completion date; 
lead agency, as applicable, establish an alternative completion date; and 
has taken final action on the delayed authorization or review, submit to the Executive Director for posting on the Dashboard a status report describing any agency activity related to the project. 
agency, as applicable, has a reasonable basis to doubt the continuing technical or financial ability of the project sponsor to construct the covered project, the facilitating or lead agency may request the project sponsor provide an updated statement regarding the ability of the project sponsor to complete the project. 
analysis, opinion, or statement for the covered project; or 
practicable under applicable law, the facilitating or lead agency, as applicable, shall coordinate the Federal environmental review and authorization processes under this subsection with any State, local, or tribal agency responsible for conducting any separate review or authorization of the covered project to ensure timely and efficient completion of environmental reviews and authorizations. 
lead agency, as applicable, shall provide an expeditious process for project sponsors to confer with each cooperating and participating agency involved and, not later than 60 days after the date on which the project sponsor submits a request under this subsection, to have each such agency provide to the project sponsor information concerning— 
a participating agency as a cooperating agency in accordance with part 1501 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations). 
Director, the Secretary and the Secretary of the Army shall use best efforts to provide information for inclusion on the Dashboard on projects subject to section 139 of title 23, United States Code, and section 2045 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2348) likely to require— 
given for 3 or more contiguous States to enter into an interstate compact establishing regional infrastructure development agencies to facilitate authorization and review of covered projects, under State law or in the exercise of delegated permitting authority described under section 61006, that will advance infrastructure development, production, and generation within the States that are parties to the compact. 
with respect to a covered project under any other applicable law concurrently, and in conjunction with, other environmental reviews and authorizations being conducted by other cooperating or participating agencies, including environmental reviews and authorizations required under NEPA, unless the agency determines that doing so would impair the ability of the agency to carry out the statutory obligations of the agency; and 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of the environmental review process in a timely, coordinated, and environmentally responsible manner. 
sponsor, a lead agency shall consider and, as appropriate, adopt or incorporate by reference, the analysis and documentation that has been prepared for a covered project under State laws and procedures as the documentation, or part of the documentation, required to complete an environmental review for the covered project, if the analysis and documentation were, as determined by the lead agency in consultation with the Council on Environmental Quality, prepared under circumstances that allowed for opportunities for public participation and consideration of alternatives and environmental consequences that are substantially equivalent to what would have been available had the documents and analysis been prepared by a Federal agency pursuant to NEPA. 
(ii) GUIDANCE BY CEQ .—The Council on Environmental Quality may issue guidance to carry out this subsection. 
covered project that is relevant for purposes of environmental review of the project; or 
or new information has emerged that is relevant to the environmental review for the covered project. 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
REVIEW .—A lead agency shall issue a record of 
decision or finding of no significant impact, as appropriate, based on the document adopted 
during the environmental review, but not later than the commencement of scoping for a project requiring the preparation of an environmental impact statement, the lead agency, in consultation with each cooperating agency, shall determine the range of reasonable alternatives to be considered for a covered project. 
decision as to whether to accept another alternative that is being considered in the environmental review; and 
or the public on a draft environmental impact statement, the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not less than 45 days and not more than 60 days after the date on which a notice announcing availability of the environmental impact statement is published in the Federal Register, unless— 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
For all other review or comment periods in the environmental review process described in parts 1500 through 1508 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), the lead agency shall establish a comment period of not more than 45 days after the date on which the materials on which comment is requested are made available, unless— 
any cooperating agency agree to a longer deadline; or 
cooperating and participating agency shall work cooperatively in accordance with this section to identify and resolve issues that could delay completion of an environmental review or an authorization required for the project under 
applicable law or result in the denial of any approval under applicable law. 
information available to each cooperating and participating agency and project sponsor as early as practicable in the environmental review regarding the environmental, historic, and socioeconomic resources located within the project area and the general locations of the alternatives under consideration. 
issues of concern regarding any potential environmental impacts of the covered project, including any issues that could substantially delay or prevent an agency from completing any environmental review or authorization required for the project; and 
granted under this section may be exercised for an individual covered project or a category of covered projects. 
a Federal agency to delegate to or otherwise authorize a State to issue or otherwise administer a permit program in lieu of the Federal agency, the Federal agency with authority to carry out the statute shall— 
agencies may share with State, tribal, and local authorities best practices involved in review of covered projects and invite input from State, tribal, and local authorities regarding best practices. 
provision of law, a claim arising under Federal law seeking judicial review of any authorization issued by a Federal agency for a covered project shall be barred unless— 
after the date of publication in the Federal Register of the final record of decision or approval or denial of a permit, unless a shorter time is specified in the Federal law under which judicial review is allowed; and 
a comment during the environmental review or a party that lacked a reasonable opportunity to submit a comment; and 
(ii) a party filed a sufficiently detailed comment so as to put the lead agency on notice of the issue on which the party seeks judicial review. 
or participating agency shall consider new information received after the close of a comment period if the information satisfies the requirements under regulations implementing NEPA. 
subsection creates a right to judicial review or places any limit on filing a claim that a person has violated the terms of an authorization. 
project will be approved or favorably reviewed by any agency. 
authority that a Federal, State, or local governmental agency, metropolitan planning organization, Indian tribe, or project sponsor has with respect to carrying out a project or any other provisions of law applicable to any project, plan, or program. 
each year for 10 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Executive Director shall submit to Congress a report detailing the progress accomplished under this title during the previous fiscal year. 
that the aggregate amount of fees collected for a fiscal year is estimated not to exceed 20 percent of the total estimated costs for the fiscal year for the resources allocated for the conduct 
of the environmental reviews and authorizations covered by this title, as determined by the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
be available to the Executive Director, without appropriation or fiscal year limitation, solely for the purposes of administering, implementing, and enforcing this title, including the expenses of the Council. 
the approval of the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may transfer amounts in the Fund to other agencies to facilitate timely and efficient environmental reviews and authorizations for proposed covered projects. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that includes an analysis of whether the provisions of this title could be adapted to streamline the Federal permitting process for smaller projects that are not covered projects. 
and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1840; 129 Stat. 219) is 
MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 104 note; Public Law 112– 141) is amended— 
striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’; and 
Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended— 
of the Highway and Transportation Funding Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–159; 128 Stat. 1842; 129 Stat. 220) is amended by striking ‘‘July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2015’’. 
before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’; and 
before’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘before October 1, 2014’’ and all that follows through ‘‘July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘before October 1, 2015’’. 
year 2014’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2014, and $8,595,000,000 for fiscal year 2015.’’; 
‘‘$107,274,521 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$128,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
and 2014 and $8,328,767 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
‘‘$3,713,505,753 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$4,458,650,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
‘‘$215,132,055 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$258,300,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘$24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$30,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and 
(iii) by striking ‘‘$16,657,534 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$20,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
and 2014 and $2,498,630 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
and 2014 and $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
and 2014 and $3,206,575 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
‘‘$1,803,927,671 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$2,165,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; 
‘‘$356,304,658 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$427,800,000 for fiscal year 2015’’; and 
‘‘$438,009,863 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘$525,900,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$58,301,370 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$5,830,137 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,000,000 for fiscal year 2015’’. 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting 
2014 and not less than $4,164,384 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; and 
2014 and not less than $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’. 
for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘2013, 2014, and 2015’’; 
and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2015’’; and 
2014 and in the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2015’’. 
SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1715) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $24,986,301 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
SAFETEA–LU (49 U.S.C. 31301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2014 and $832,877 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2005 through 2015’’. 
each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2014, and for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year ending before October 1, 2015’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 and 2014 and $3,331,507 for the period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on July 31, 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2013 through 2015’’. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purpose of complying with the Statutory PayAs YouGoAct of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage. 
the beginning of each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Treasury, shall— 
review described under section 1106 of title 31, United States Code, estimate the projected cash balances of the Highway Account and the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund for the upcoming fiscal year; and 
$4,000,000,000 at any time during that upcoming fiscal year in the Highway Account of the Highway Trust Fund; or 
$1,000,000,000 at any time during that upcoming fiscal year in the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund. 
revenues, deposits, or transfers to the Highway Trust Fund; or 
under section 203 of title 23, United States Code; and 
Highway Traffic Safety Administration in carrying out chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code; 
402 of title 23, United States Code, and national priority safety programs under section 405 of title 23, United States Code; 
under section 2009 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note; Public Law 109–59); 
under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration under section 31110 of title 49, United States Code; and 
For purposes of the enforcement of a point of 
order established under the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), the determination of levels under the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 900 et seq.) or the Statutory PayAsYou Go Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 931 et seq.), and the enforcement of a point of order established under or the determination of levels under a concurrent resolution on the budget, the rescission of contract authority that is provided under this 
Act or an amendment made by this Act for fiscal year 2019, 2020, or 2021 shall not be counted. 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
subsection, the term ‘applicable amount’, for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019, means $135,000,000,000. 
build to and hold in reserve, to protect against future losses, an amount that is not less than 5 percent of the aggregate amount of disbursed and outstanding loans, guarantees, and insurance of the Bank.’’. 
than 4 years after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, and every 4 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— 
Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives.’’. 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Office of Ethics within the Bank, which shall oversee all ethics issues within the Bank. 
Ethics shall be the Chief Ethics Officer, who shall report to the Board of Directors. 
after the date of the enactment of the Export Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Ethics Officer shall be— 
‘‘(II) who are not serving in a position requiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Ethics Officer; and 
The Chief Ethics Officer shall serve as the designated agency ethics official for the Bank pursuant to the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App. 101 et seq.). 
‘‘(ii) the standards of ethical conduct established by the Chief Ethics Officer; and 
governing the performance of official duties or the discharge of official responsibilities that are applicable to employees of the Bank; 
authorities substantial evidence of a violation of any law applicable to the performance of official duties that may have been disclosed to the Office of Ethics; and 
propriety of any current or proposed conduct of an employee or contractor of the Bank, and issue general guidance on such matters as necessary.’’. 
1945 (12 U.S.C. 635a), as amended by section 91004, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of the enactment of the Export Import Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Chief Risk Officer shall be— 
management of, and knowledge of and extensive practical experience in, financial risk evaluation practices in large governmental or business entities; and 
‘‘(ii) who are not serving in a position requiring appointment by the President of the United States before being appointed to be Chief Risk Officer; and 
managing and mitigating all risk to which the Bank is exposed, including the programs and operations of the Bank; 
execution of all Bank risk management activities, including policies, reporting, and systems to achieve strategic risk objectives; 
Bank of qualitative metrics to assess the risk of default under various scenarios.’’. 
management committee to be known as the ‘Risk Management Committee’. 
Risk Management Committee shall be the members of the Board of Directors, with the President and First Vice President of the Bank serving as ex officio members. 
portfolio, reflecting different market, industry, and macroeconomic scenarios, and consistent with common practices of commercial and multilateral development banks; and 
later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Board of Directors of the ExportImport Bank of the United States shall revise the bylaws of the Bank to terminate the Audit Committee established by section 7 of the bylaws. 
The aggregate amount of liability the Bank may transfer through risksharing pursuant to a 
section shall be construed to affect, impede, or revoke any authority of the Bank. 
the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the Bank shall implement policies— 
‘‘(ii) to accept electronic payments in all of its 
by this section shall take effect on the earlier of the date of the enactment of this Act or June 30, 2015. 
inserting the following: ‘‘$25,000,000 (or, if less than $25,000,000, the threshold established pursuant to international agreements, including the Common Approaches for Officially Supported Export Credits and Environmental and Social Due Diligence, as adopted by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development Council on June 28, 2012, and the riskmanagement framework adopted by financial institutions for determining, assessing, and managing environmental and social risk in projects (commonly referred to as the ‘Equator Principles’)) or more’’. 
by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each fiscal year thereafter. 
1945 (6 U.S.C. 635 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
solely on the industry, sector, or business that the application concerns; or 
discriminate against an application based solely on the industry, sector, or business that the application concerns. 
striking ‘‘Secretary of the Treasury (in this section referred to as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘President’’; and 
and inserting ‘‘possible goal of eliminating, before the date that is 10 years after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’; 
180 days after the date of the enactment of the ExportImport Bank Reform and Reauthorization Act of 2015, the President shall submit to Congress a proposal, and a strategy for achieving the proposal, that the United States Government will pursue with other major exporting countries, including OECD members and non OECD members, to eliminate over a period of not more than 10 years subsidized exportfinancing programs, tied aid, export credits, and all other forms of governmentsupported export subsidies. 
negotiations with countries that are not OECD members to bring those countries into a multilateral agreement establishing rules and limitations on officially supported export credits. 
United States (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Bank’’) shall conduct a study of the extent to which the products offered by the Bank are available and used by companies that export information and communications technology services and related goods. 
that are supported by the export of information and communications technology services and related goods, and the degree to which access to financing will increase exports of such services and related goods. 
Bank of exports of information and communications technology services from 2003 through 2014. 
offer to provide financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods, including— 
additional authority to offer new products to meet the needs of the information and communications technology industry; 
would enable the Bank to provide increased financing for exports of information and communications technology services and related goods in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank; 
Bank to provide increased outreach to the information and communications technology industry about the products the Bank offers; and 
would enable the Bank to provide the financing to build information and communications technology infrastructure, in compliance with the credit and risk standards of the Bank, to allow for market access opportunities for United States information and communications technology companies to provide services on the infrastructure being financed by the Bank. 
consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–32 is now pending. 
the Senate amendment, as amended, to the text is as follows; 
the amendment of the Senate to the text of the bill, strike section 1 and all that follows through division B and insert the following: 
the ‘‘Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015’’. 
Except as otherwise provided, this Act, including the amendments made by this Act, takes effect on October 1, 2015. 
any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
the national highway performance program under section 119 of title 23, United States Code, the surface transportation block grant program under section 133 of that title, the highway safety improvement program under section 148 of that title, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149 of that title, and to carry out section 134 of that title— 
assistance under the transportation infrastructure finance and innovation program under chapter 6 of title 23, United States Code, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
the tribal transportation program under section 202 of title 23, United States Code— 
transportation program under section 203 of title 23, United States Code— 
(aa) $260,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; (bb) $268,000,000 for fiscal year 2017; (cc) $276,000,000 for fiscal year 2018; (dd) $280,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; (ee) $300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and (ff) $320,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; (II) the amount for the United States Fish 
and Wildlife Service is $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021; and 
(III) the amount for the United States Forest Service is— (aa) $15,000,000 for fiscal year 2016; 
the Federal lands access program under section 204 of title 23, United States Code— 
Rico highway program under section 165 of title 23, United States Code, $200,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
HIGHWAY PROJECTS .—For nationally significant freight and highway projects under section 117 of title 23, United States Code— 
due to the establishment of the disadvantaged business enterprise program, discrimination and related barriers continue to pose significant obstacles for minority and womenowned businesses seeking to do business in federally assisted surface transportation markets across the United States; 
concern’’ means a small business concern (as the term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). 
concern’’ does not include any concern or group of concerns controlled by the same socially and economically disadvantaged individual or individuals that have average annual gross receipts during the preceding 3 fiscal years in excess of $23,980,000, as adjusted annually by the Secretary for inflation. 
percentage of the small business concerns that are controlled by— 
the Surface Transportation Assistance Act of 1982 (96 Stat. 2119); 
the Surface Transportation and Uniform Relocation Assistance Act of 1987 (101 Stat. 198); 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 1998 through 2004, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
which obligation authority was made available under the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century (112 Stat. 107) or subsequent Acts for multiple years or to remain available until expended, but only to the extent that the obligation authority has not lapsed or been used; 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2005 through 2012, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); 
118 note; 119 Stat. 1248), to the extent that funds obligated in accordance with that section were not subject to a limitation on obligations at the time at which the funds were initially made available for obligation; 
Code (as in effect for fiscal years 2013 through 2015, but only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years); and 
Code (but, for fiscal years 2016 through 2021, only in an amount equal to $639,000,000 for each of those fiscal years). 
Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for Federalaid highway and highway safety construction programs for previous fiscal years the funds for which are allocated by the Secretary (or apportioned by the Secretary under section 202 or 204 of title 23, United States Code); and 
appropriated for the Federalaid highway and highway safety construction programs 
for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to each State for the fiscal year; bears to 
be appropriated for the programs that are apportioned under title 23, United States Code, to all States for the fiscal year. 
the Secretary shall, after August 1 of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021— 
States able to obligate amounts in addition to those previously distributed during that fiscal year, giving priority to those States having large unobligated balances of funds apportioned under sections 144 (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141)) and 104 of title 23, United States Code. 
limitation imposed on obligations for Federalaid highway and highway safety construction programs for future fiscal years. 
allocated to the States (or will not be apportioned to the States under section 204 of title 23, United States Code), and will not be available for obligation, for the fiscal year because of the imposition of any obligation limitation for the fiscal year. 
Network’ means the National Highway Freight Network established under section 167.’’. 
appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) to be made available to the Secretary for administrative expenses of the Federal Highway Administration $440,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
‘‘SURFACE TRANSPORTATION PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S URFACE TRANSPORTATION BLOCK  
program’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’; and 
2016 through 2021, the amount for each State shall be determined as follows: 
the State received for fiscal year 2015; bears to 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
appropriation for the national highway performance program under section 119, the surface transportation block grant program under section 133, the highway safety improvement program under section 148, the congestion mitigation and air quality improvement program under section 149, and to carry out section 134; minus 
State to carry out the national highway performance program may be obligated for a project for the reconstruction, resurfacing, restoration, rehabilitation, or preservation of a bridge not on the National Highway System, if the bridge is on a Federalaid highway. 
flexibility will enhance State and local control over transportation decisions. 
establish a surface transportation block grant program in accordance with this section to provide flexible funding to address State and local transportation needs. 
designated routes of the Appalachian development highway system and local access roads under section 14501 of title 40; 
funding under section 1401 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 137 note); and 
for funding under section 1303 of SAFETEA– LU (23 U.S.C. 101 note). 
and programs in accordance with section 137 and carpool projects in accordance with section 146. 
for funding under section 206, pedestrian and bicycle projects in accordance with section 217 (including modifications to comply with accessibility requirements under the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.)), and the safe routes to school program under section 1404 of SAFETEA–LU (23 U.S.C. 402 note). 
boulevards and other roadways largely in the rightofway of former Interstate System routes or other divided highways. 
State asset management plan for the National Highway System and a performance based management program for other public roads. 
countermeasures, seismic retrofits, impact protection measures, security countermeasures, and protection against extreme events) for bridges (including approaches to bridges and other elevated structures) and tunnels on public roads, and inspection and evaluation of bridges and tunnels and other highway assets. 
modifications to facilitate direct intermodal interchange, transfer, and access into and out of a port terminal. 
support congestion pricing, including electronic toll collection and travel demand management strategies and programs. 
Secretarial approval of credit assistance under chapter 6, subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide an eligible entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to a project eligible for assistance under this section. 
of an office to assist in the design, implementation, and oversight of publicprivate partnerships eligible to receive funding under this title and chapter 53 of title 49, and the payment of a stipend to unsuccessful private bidders to offset their proposal development costs, if necessary to encourage robust competition in publicprivate partnership procurements. 
transportation block grant project may not be undertaken on a road functionally classified as a local road or a rural minor collector unless the road was on a Federalaid highway system on January 1, 1991, except— 
‘‘(ii) in areas of the State other than urban 
funds for projects under this section shall be consistent with sections 134 and 135. 
to all States for the transportation enhancements program for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(vi) a tribal government; and ‘‘(vii) any other local or regional governmental entity with responsibility for or 
oversight of transportation or recreational trails (other than a metropolitan planning organization or a State agency) that the State determines to be eligible, consistent with the goals of this subsection. 
days prior to apportionments being made for any fiscal year. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘surface transportation program’’ and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘surface transportation program’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘surface transportation block grant program’’. 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 133 and inserting the following: 
any other law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the surface transportation program under section 133 of title 23, United States Code, shall be deemed to be a reference to the surface transportation block grant program under such section. 
striking ‘‘includes, but is not limited to,’’ and inserting ‘‘only includes’’; and 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xxv) Installation of vehicletoinfrastructure communication equipment. 
‘‘(xxvi) Pedestrian hybrid beacons. ‘‘(xxvii) Roadway improvements that provide separation between pedestrians and motor vehicles, including medians and pedestrian crossing islands. 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
to carry out this section for a project on such roads until the State completes a collection of the required model inventory of roadway elements for the roads; and 
consulted with affected Indian tribes before ceasing to collect data with respect to such roads that are included in the National Tribal Transportation Facility Inventory. 
RATE .—If the fatality rate on rural roads in 
a State, for the most recent 2year period for which data is available, is more than the median fatality rate for rural roads among all States for such 2year period, the State shall be required to demonstrate, in the subsequent State strategic highway safety plan of the State, strategies to address fatalities and achieve safety improvements on high risk rural roads.’’. 
review of best practices with respect to the implementation of roadway safety infrastructure improvements that— 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
AREA .—If a State does not have, and never 
nonattainment area is designated or a previously designated nonattainment area is redesignated as an attainment area in a State under the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq.), the Secretary shall modify, in a manner consistent with the approach that was in 
effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21, the amount such State is permitted to obligate in any area of the State for projects eligible under section 133.’’. 
NONATTAINMENT AND MAINTE NANCE IN LOW POPULATION DENSITY STATES .— 
area does not have projects that are part of the emissions analysis of a metropolitan transportation plan or transportation improvement program; and 
an insignificant contributor to the air quality problem for PM2.5 in the nonattainment or maintenance area. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
National Highway Freight Network to the economic competitiveness of the United States; 
support multiState corridor planning and the creation of multiState organizations to increase the ability of States to address highway freight connectivity; and 
of freight movement on the National Highway Freight Network. 
average daily truck traffic in the annual average daily traffic on principal arterials; 
Highway Freight Network to critical facilities for the efficient movement of freight, including ports, freight railroads, international border crossings, airports, intermodal facilities, warehouse and logistics centers, and agricultural facilities; and 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 167 and inserting the following: 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 116 the following: 
a nationally significant freight and highway projects program to provide financial assistance for projects of national or regional significance that will— 
the Secretary may make grants, on a competitive basis, in accordance with this section. 
that serves an urbanized area (as defined by the Bureau of the Census) with a population of more than 200,000 individuals. 
authority with a transportation function, including a port authority. 
that applies jointly with a State or group of States. 
carried out on the National Multimodal Freight Network established under section 70103 of title 49; or 
amount apportioned under this chapter to the State in the most recently completed fiscal year; or 
‘‘(II) located in more than 1 State, 50 percent of the amount apportioned under this chapter to the participating State with the largest apportionment under this chapter in the most recently completed fiscal year. 
only elements of the project that provide public benefits. 
shall apply only to the nonhighway portion or portions of the project. 
amounts received for a project under this section may be used for— 
sources of funding and financing are available to construct, maintain, and operate the project; and 
using other funding available to the project sponsor under this chapter; and 
begin construction not later than 18 months after the date of obligation of funds for the project. 
nontraditional financing, innovative design and construction techniques, or innovative technologies; 
among grant recipients, including the need for a balance between the needs of rural and urban communities. 
under this subsection shall be in an amount that is at least $5,000,000. 
In addition to other applicable requirements, in making grants under this subsection the Secretary shall consider— 
mobility in the State and region in which the project is carried out. 
cost of a project assisted with a grant under this section may not exceed 50 percent. 
project does not exceed 80 percent of project costs. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a freight project carried out under this section shall be treated as if the project is located on a Federalaid highway. 
eligible applicant under this section, the Secretary may use amounts awarded to the entity to pay subsidy and administrative costs necessary to provide the entity Federal credit assistance under chapter 6 with respect to the project for which the grant was awarded. 
making a grant for a project under this section, the Secretary shall notify, in writing, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate of the proposed grant. The notification shall include an evaluation and justification for the project and the amount of the proposed grant award. 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 116 the following: 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
carried out by the entity under the tribal transportation program during the preceding fiscal year. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘6 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘5 percent’’. 
(iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) the Bureau of Reclamation; and ‘‘(vii) independent Federal agencies with 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 206 the following: 
The Secretary shall require an Indian tribe to demonstrate transportation program management capability, including the capability to manage and complete projects eligible under this title and projects eligible under chapter 53 of title 49, to gain eligibility for the program. 
of an eligible Indian tribe, and subject to the requirements of this section, the Secretary shall negotiate and enter into a written compact with the Indian tribe for the purpose of 
providing for the participation of the Indian tribe in the program. 
with an Indian tribe shall authorize the Indian tribe, as determined by the Indian tribe, to plan, conduct, consolidate, administer, and receive full tribal share funding, tribal transit formula funding, and funding to tribes from discretionary and competitive grants administered by the Department for all programs, services, functions, and activities (or portions thereof) that are made available to Indian tribes to carry out tribal transportation programs and programs, services, functions, and activities (or portions thereof) administered by the Secretary that are otherwise available to Indian tribes. 
constructing or maintaining a project carried out using the funds or for administering or supervising the project or funds during the applicable statute of limitations period related to the construction of the project; and 
for constructing and maintaining a project carried out using the funds and for administering and supervising the project and funds in accordance with this section during the applicable statute of limitations period related to the construction of the project. 
the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141); or 
Interior relating to flexible financing contained in part 170 of title 25, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015. 
those funds to be provided on a recurring basis; 
tribe that the Indian tribe is withdrawing from or retroceding the operation of 1 or more programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) identified in a funding agreement, or unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, each funding agreement shall remain in full force and effect until a subsequent funding agreement is executed. 
funding agreement shall be retroactive to the end of the term of the preceding funding agreement. 
The Secretary shall not revise, amend, or require additional terms in a new or subsequent funding agreement without the consent of the Indian tribe that is subject to the agreement unless such terms are required by Federal law. 
manner that the Indian tribe considers to be in the best interest of the Indian community being served, may— 
programs, services, functions, and activities (or portions thereof), if the funds are— 
‘‘(aa) appropriations Acts; ‘‘(bb) this title and chapter 53 of title 49; 
competitive grant from the Secretary or receives State apportioned funds, the Indian tribe shall use the funds for the purpose for which the funds were originally authorized. 
funds associated with Department of Interior programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) to the Secretary of the Interior to carry out transportation services provided by the Secretary of the Interior; and 
tribe rescinds a request for retrocession, the retrocession shall become effective within the timeframe specified by the parties in the compact or funding agreement. In the absence of such a specification, the retrocession shall become effective on— 
‘‘(II) the date on which the funding agreement expires; or 
upon by the parties and, with respect to Department of the Interior programs, functions, services, and activities (or portions thereof), the Secretary of the Interior. 
holds a position at a higher organizational level within the Department than the level of the departmental agency in which the decision that is the subject of the appeal was made; or 
‘‘(II) reassume the remaining funding associated with the reassumed programs, functions, services, and activities included in the compact or funding agreement. 
natural resources, or public health and safety that is caused by an act or omission of the Indian tribe and that arises out of a failure 
to carry out the compact or funding agreement, as determined by the Secretary; or 
funds or programs transferred to the Indian tribe under the compact or funding agreement, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with the Inspector General of the Department, as appropriate. 
terminate a compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) unless— 
‘‘(ii) the Indian tribe has not taken corrective action to remedy the mismanagement of funds or programs or the imminent jeopardy to a trust asset, natural resource, or public health and safety. 
‘‘(II) the jeopardy arises out of a failure to 
appeal involving a decision to terminate a compact or funding agreement (or portion thereof) under this paragraph, the Secretary shall have the burden of proof in demonstrating by clear and convincing evidence the validity of the grounds for the termination. 
shall provide funds to an Indian tribe under a funding agreement in an amount equal to— 
tribe would otherwise receive for the program, function, service, or activity in accordance with a funding formula or other allocation method established under this title or chapter 53 of title 49; and 
carried out under programs administered by an Indian tribe with funds transferred to the Indian tribe pursuant to a funding agreement entered into under this section shall be constructed pursuant to the construction program standards set forth in applicable regulations or as specifically approved by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s designee). 
shall be monitored by the Secretary in accordance with applicable regulations. 
shall interpret all Federal laws, Executive orders, and regulations in a manner that will facilitate— 
functions, and activities (or portions thereof) and funds associated therewith, in compacts and funding agreements; and 
submit to the Secretary a written request to waive application of a regulation promulgated under this section with respect to a compact or funding agreement. The request shall identify the regulation sought to be waived and the basis for the request. 
any application by an Indian tribe for a waiver bearing in mind increasing opportunities for using flexible policy approaches at the Indian tribal level. 
the Secretary under this subparagraph shall be final for the Department. 
Except to the extent in conflict with this section (as determined by the Secretary), the following provisions of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act shall apply to compact and funding agreements (except that any reference to the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Health and Human Services in such provisions shall be treated as a reference to the Secretary of Transportation): 
section 506 of such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–5), relating to general provisions. 
relating to provisions relating to the Secretary of Health and Human Services. 
such Act (25 U.S.C. 458aaa–15), relating to application of title I provisions. 
means any Indian or Alaska Native tribe, band, nation, pueblo, village, or community 
that the Secretary of the Interior acknowledges to exist as an Indian tribe under the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). In any case in which an Indian tribe has authorized another Indian tribe, an intertribal consortium, or a tribal organization to plan for or carry out programs, services, functions, or activities (or portions thereof) on its behalf under this part, the authorized Indian tribe, intertribal consortium, or tribal organization shall have the rights and responsibilities of the authorizing Indian tribe (except as otherwise provided in the authorizing resolution or in this title). In such event, the term ‘Indian tribe’ as used in this part shall include such other authorized Indian tribe, intertribal consortium, or tribal organization. 
the tribal transportation selfgovernance program established under this section. 
term ‘transportation programs’ means all programs administered or financed by the Department under this title and chapter 53 of title 49. 
In this section, the definitions set forth in sections 4 and 505 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b; 458aaa) apply, except as otherwise expressly provided in this section. 
days after the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the Secretary shall initiate procedures under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5 to negotiate and promulgate such regulations as are necessary to carry out 
this section shall be published in the Federal Register by the Secretary not later than 21 months after such date of enactment. 
confer with, and accommodate participation by, representatives of Indian tribes, inter tribal consortia, tribal organizations, and individual tribal members. 
Secretary shall adapt the negotiated rulemaking procedures to the unique context of selfgovernance and the governmenttogovernment relationship between the United States and Indian tribes. 
agreed to by the participating Indian tribe in the compact or funding agreement, the participating Indian tribe shall not be subject to any agency circular, policy, manual, guidance, or rule adopted by the Department, except regulations promulgated under this section.’’. 
for such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 206 the following: 
‘open to public travel’ means, with respect to a road, that, except during scheduled periods, extreme weather conditions, or emergencies, the road— 
term ‘standard passenger vehicle’ means a vehicle with 6 inches of clearance from the lowest point of the frame, body, suspension, or differential to the ground.’’. 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’. 
natural condition of the bridge’’ and inserting ‘‘the natural condition of the water’’; 
other provision of law (including regulations), a bundling of bridge projects under this subsection may be listed as— 
bundled under this subsection shall have the same financial characteristics, including— 
note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal years’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021.’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2013 and 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2021’’. 
statute of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transportation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
‘‘transit,’’ and inserting ‘‘public transportation facilities, intercity bus facilities,’’; 
operators, employerbased commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cashout program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
program, parking cashout program, shuttle program, or telework program), job access projects,’’ after ‘‘reduction’’; and 
metropolitan planning organization with a transportation management area may develop a plan that includes projects and strategies that will be considered in the TIP of such metropolitan planning organization. Such plan shall— 
‘‘(ii) identify existing public transportation services, employerbased commuter programs, and other existing transportation services that support access to jobs in the region; and 
‘‘(iii) identify proposed projects and programs to reduce congestion and increase job access opportunities. 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is participating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
finding of no significant impact of the Secretary; and 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(II) the Council, if the Council is participating in the consultation process under section 306108 of title 54; and 
finding of no significant impact of the Secretary; and 
‘‘(ii) that have been railbanked or otherwise reserved for the transportation of goods or passengers.’’. 
title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended— 
‘‘(ii) that have been railbanked or otherwise reserved for the transportation of goods or passengers.’’. 
title 23, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
title 23, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
1945 concrete or steel bridge or culvert that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54 (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) shall be treated under this section as having a de minimis impact on an area.’’. 
title 49, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
1945 concrete or steel bridge or culvert that is exempt from individual review under section 306108 of title 54 (as described in 77 Fed. Reg. 68790) shall be treated under this section as having a de minimis impact on an area.’’. 
‘multimodal project’ means a project that requires the approval of more than 1 Department of Transportation operating administration or secretarial office.’’; 
‘substantial deference’ means deference by a participating agency to the recommendations and decisions of the lead agency unless it is not possible to defer without violating the participating agency’s statutory responsibilities.’’. 
‘‘(II) the role of the public in the creation 
‘‘(iv) are available to other relevant Federal and State agencies, Indian tribes, and the public; and 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The lead agency shall identify, as early as practicable in the environmental review process for a project,’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 45 days after the date of publication of a notice of intent to prepare an environmental impact statement or the initiation of an environmental assessment, the lead agency shall identify’’. 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
practicable, the lead agency shall develop an environmental document sufficient to satisfy the requirements for any Federal approval or other Federal action required for the project, including permits issued by other Federal agencies. 
‘‘(ii) COOPERATION OF PARTICIPATING AGEN CIES.—Other participating agencies shall cooperate with the lead agency and provide timely information to help the lead agency carry out this subparagraph. 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
project, in consultation with participating agencies, shall develop, as appropriate, a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic resources in the area of the project. 
that can provide information about natural, cultural, and historic resources; 
to help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and participating agencies.’’. 
during the environmental review process, the lead agency shall seek the involvement of participating agencies and the public for the purpose of reaching agreement early in the environmental review process on a reasonable range of alternatives that will satisfy all subsequent Federal environmental review and permit requirements. 
‘‘(ii) COMMENTS OF PARTICIPATING AGEN CIES.—To the maximum extent practicable 
or circumstances, and the lead agency and participating agencies agree that the alternatives must be modified to address the new information or circumstances; or 
agency to fulfill its responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) in a timely manner.’’. 
lead agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 90 days after the date of publication of a notice of intent to prepare an environmental impact statement or the initiation of an environmental assessment, the lead agency’’; and 
decision under any Federal law relating to a project (including the issuance or denial of a permit or license) is required by law, regulation, or Executive order to be made after the date on which the lead agency has issued a categorical exclusion, finding of no significant impact, or record of decision with respect to the project, any such later decision shall be made or completed by the later of— 
agency’s final decision has been made; or ‘‘(ii) the date that is 180 days after the date 
on which a completed application was submitted for the permit or license. 
period, an initial notice of the failure of the Federal agency to make the decision; and 
date as all decisions of the Federal agency relating to the project have been made by the Federal agency, an additional notice that describes the number of decisions of the Federal agency that remain outstanding as of the date of the additional notice.’’. 
‘‘(ii) if appropriate, indicate the circumstances that would trigger agency reappraisal or further response. 
extent practicable, the lead agency shall expeditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
‘‘(ii) there is a significant new circumstance or information relevant to environmental concerns that bears on the proposed action or the impacts of the proposed action.’’. 
by the lead agency and participating agencies may not be reconsidered unless significant new information or circumstances arise.’’. 
Governor only if the initial issue resolution meeting request came from the Governor). 
‘‘(iii) RESOLUTION .—The Council on Environmental Quality shall work with the lead agency, relevant participating agencies, and the project sponsor until all issues are resolved.’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Secretary may allow a public entity receiving financial assistance from the Department of Transportation under this title or chapter 53 of title 49 to provide funds to Federal agencies (including the Department), State agencies, and Indian tribes participating in the environmental review process for the project or program. 
23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— 
and progress of projects, as defined in section 139 of title 23, United States Code, requiring an environmental assessment or an environmental impact statement with respect to compliance with applicable requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and any other Federal, State, or local approval required for such projects; and 
A State with delegated authority for responsibilities under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) pursuant to section 327 of title 23, United States Code, shall be responsible for supplying project development and compliance status to the Secretary for all applicable projects. 
by inserting ‘‘and general travel corridor’’ after ‘‘modal choice’’; 
striking ‘‘potential impacts’’ and all that follows through ‘‘resource agencies,’’ and inserting ‘‘potential impacts of a project, including a programmatic mitigation plan developed in accordance with section 169, that the lead agency’’; and 
(ii) in clause (ii) by striking the period at 
(ii) by striking ‘‘, identified as a result of 
and inserting ‘‘The lead agency in the environmental review process may adopt or incorporate by reference and use a planning product under this section if the lead agency determines that’’; 
notice that the planning products may be adopted or incorporated by reference during a subsequent environmental review process in accordance with this section. 
intent to adopt the planning product or incorporate the planning product by reference; and 
the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.)’’ after ‘‘for the project’’; and 
than 5 years prior to date on which the information is adopted’’ and inserting ‘‘within the 5year period ending on the date on which the information is adopted or incorporated by reference’’. 
lead agency’’ and inserting ‘‘adopted or incorporated by reference by the lead agency’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may use’’ and inserting ‘‘shall give substantial weight to’’. 
later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with the States, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate recommendations for legislation to permit the delegation of additional authorities to the States, including with respect to real estate acquisition and project design. 
1317 of MAP–21 (23 U.S.C. 109 note) is amended— 
after the date of enactment of this Act; and 
and inserting ‘‘operating administration or secretarial office that has expertise but’’; and 
not individually or cumulatively have a significant impact on the environment; and 
exist that merit additional analysis and documentation in an environmental impact statement or environmental assessment required under such Act.’’; and 
A cooperating authority shall provide expertise to the lead authority on aspects of the multimodal project in which the cooperating authority has expertise.’’. 
in cooperation with representatives of State officials, may carry out education, training, peerexchange, and other initiatives as appropriate— 
collaboration among States that are participating in the assignment program under this section. 
under this section may, as appropriate and at the request of a local government— 
the local government for a locally administered project; or 
is to eliminate duplication of environmental reviews and approvals under State and Federal laws. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
may select not more than 5 States to participate in the program. 
PROCEDURES .—In this section, the term ‘alternative environmental review and approval procedures’ means— 
and 139 related to the application of that Act that are under the authority of the Secretary, as the Secretary, in consultation with the State, considers appropriate; and 
and 139 related to the application of that Act that are under the authority of the Secretary, as the Secretary, in consultation with the State, considers appropriate; and 
proposed alternative environmental review and approval procedures of the State; 
State intends to substitute for such Federal law, Federal regulation, or Executive order; 
of projects for which the State anticipates exercising the authority that may be granted under the program; 
and addressed comments on the proposed application from the public; and 
not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of the application; and 
of the Chair, determines that the laws and regulations of the State described in the application are substantially equivalent to the Federal laws that the State is seeking to substitute; 
with the Secretary, in accordance with section 327, providing for environmental review, consultation, or other action under Federal environmental laws pertaining to the review or approval of a specific project. 
authority by the State under this section and section 327. 
participating in the programs under this section and section 327 may elect to apply the National Environmental Protection Act of 1969 instead of the State’s alternative environmental review and approval procedures. 
each State program approved under this section not less than once every 5 years. 
2 years after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that describes the administration of the program, including— 
which each State participating in the program has used alternative environmental review and approval procedures; and 
this title, chapter 53 of subtitle III of title 49, or subtitle V of title 49; and 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Chair of the Council on Environmental Quality, shall promulgate regulations to implement the requirements of section 330 of title 23, United States Code, as added by this section. 
EQUIVALENT .—As part of the rulemaking required under this subsection, the Chair shall— 
(ii) provide opportunity for public participation and comment, including access to the documentation necessary to review the potential impact of a project; and 
that would otherwise have been covered under Federal law. 
for chapter 3 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States 
shall assess the progress made under this Act, MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141), and SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109–59), including the amendments made by those Acts, to accelerate the delivery of Federalaid highway and highway safety construction projects and public transportation capital projects by streamlining the environmental review and permitting process. 
have had the greatest impact on streamlining the environmental review and permitting process; 
Environmental Quality have had on accelerating Federalaid highway and highway safety construction projects and public transportation capital projects; 
that proceed under a traditional environmental assessment or environmental impact statement, and the number and percentage of projects that proceed under categorical exclusions; 
review and permitting process remains a significant source of project delay and the sources of delays; and 
reviews and issuing permits or licenses for a project, including the cost of contractors and dedicated agency staff. 
that should be considered for adoption by the Department. 
General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report containing the assessment and recommendations required under this section. 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 306 the following: 
entity receiving financial assistance from the Department of Transportation for 1 or more projects, or for a program of projects, for a public purpose may request that the Secretary allow the public entity to provide funds to Federal agencies, including the Department, State agencies, and Indian tribes participating in the environmental planning and review process for the project, projects, or program. 
agencies, or Indian tribes participating in the environmental review process to timely conduct their review. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall initiate a rulemaking to implement this section. 
that expediting and improving the process of environmental review and permitting through the use of funds accepted and expended under this section does not adversely affect the timeline for review and permitting by Federal agencies, State agencies, or Indian tribes of other entities that have not contributed funds under this section; 
this section will not impact impartial decisionmaking with respect to environmental reviews or permits, either substantively or procedurally; and 
makes publicly available, including on the Internet, a list of projects or programs for which such review or permits have been carried out using funds authorized under this section. 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 306 the following: 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 304 the following: 
extent practicable, the lead agency shall expeditiously develop a single document that consists of a final environmental impact statement and a record of decision, unless— 
requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
the environmental assessment or final environmental impact statement and the contents of the incorporated material is briefly described; 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 304 the following: 
Code, is amended by inserting after section 309 the following: 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Department of Transportation, in coordination with the heads of Federal agencies likely to have substantive review or approval responsibilities under Federal law, shall develop a coordinated and concurrent environmental review and permitting process for transportation projects when initiating an environmental impact statement under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.; in this section referred to as ‘NEPA’). 
considered during any Federal agency’s environmental or permitting review in order to meet an agency of jurisdiction’s obligations under a statute or Executive order. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation and Federal agencies of jurisdiction likely to have substantive review or approval responsibilities on transportation projects shall jointly develop a checklist to help project sponsors identify potential natural, cultural, and historic resources in the area of a proposed project. 
the purpose and need and alternatives for analysis; and 
help expedite the permitting process for the lead agency and agencies of jurisdiction. 
environmental statutes, the Secretary shall facilitate annual interagency collaboration sessions at the appropriate jurisdictional level to coordinate business plans and facilitate coordination of workload planning and workforce management. 
The interagency collaboration sessions, and the interagency collaborations generated by the sessions, shall focus on methods to— 
stakeholders and Federal, tribal, State, and local representatives early in permitting processes. 
later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in coordination with relevant Federal agencies, shall establish a program to measure and report on progress towards aligning Federal reviews as outlined in this section.’’. 
for chapter 3 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 309 the following: 
(ii) by striking the period at the end of 
tolls on a facility under this section, a public authority may designate classes of vehicles that are exempt from the tolls or charge different toll rates for different classes of vehicles, if equal rates are charged for all public transportation vehicles and overtheroad buses, whether publicly or privately owned.’’; 
is on the Interstate System and located in a metropolitan planning area established in accordance with section 134, consulting with the metropolitan planning organization for the area concerning the placement and amount of tolls on the facility.’’; and 
authority’ as used with respect to a HOV facility, means a State, interstate compact of States, public entity designated by a State, or local government having jurisdiction over the operation of the facility.’’. 
provisionally approved by the Secretary under this subsection shall expire 3 years after the date on which the application was provisionally approved if the State has not— 
and permitting process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) for the pilot project; and 
environmental review and permitting process for the pilot project under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969; 
project from State and local governments, community interests, and the public; and 
term ‘provisional approval’ or ‘provisionally approved’ means the approval by the Secretary of a partial application under this subsection, including the reservation of a slot in the pilot program.’’. 
apply to an automated traffic enforcement system located in a school zone. 
‘‘automated traffic enforcement system’’ means any camera that captures an image of a vehicle for the purposes of traffic law enforcement. 
that limits the individual to operating only motor vehicles with an ignition interlock system installed (allowing for limited exceptions for circumstances when the individual is required to operate an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual); or 
by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this Act. 
shall compile data in accordance with this subsection on the use of Federalaid highway funds made available under this title. 
‘‘(ii) the amount of funds remaining available for obligation by each State; 
balance for each State, yeartodate, during the current fiscal year, including the obligated, unexpended balance at the end of the preceding fiscal year and current fiscal year expenditures; 
unobligated funding, yeartodate, available for expenditure at the discretion of the Secretary; 
National Highway System, yeartodate, for the current fiscal year of funds apportioned, allocated, or set aside under this section, according to— 
each State, yeartodate, for the current fiscal year between programs under section 126. 
the Secretary shall make available a report that, to the maximum extent possible, provides projectspecific data describing— 
(excluding projects for which funds are transferred to agencies other than the Federal Highway Administration)— 
‘‘(aa) less than 5,000 individuals; ‘‘(bb) 5,000 or more individuals but less 
‘‘(dd) 200,000 or more individuals; ‘‘(II) the estimated cost of the project as of 
the start of project construction, or the revised cost estimate based on a description of revisions to the scope of work or other factors affecting project cost other than cost overruns; and 
‘‘(III) the amount of nonFederal funds obligated for the project.’’. 
United States Route 59 at Freer, Texas, to Texas State Highway 358.’’; 
along Interstate Route 580/United States Route 95/United States Route 95A from Reno, Nevada, to Las Vegas, Nevada; and 
from the vicinity of Las Vegas, Nevada, north along United States Route 95 terminating at Interstate Route 80.’’; and 
Route 795 from United States Route 70 in Goldsboro, Wayne County, North Carolina, to Interstate Route 40 west of Faison, Sampson County, North Carolina. 
Route 410 connecting Interstate Route 19 and Interstate Route 10 south of the Tucson International Airport. 
its intersection with Interstate Route 86 to the United StatesCanadian border.’’. 
and, as a future Interstate Route 65 and 66 
Spur, the William H. Natcher Parkway between Bowling Green, Kentucky, and Owensboro, Kentucky’’. 
of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) or any other Federal environmental law; or 
officer to comply with or enforce any law or requirement described in this subsection. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop guidance that encourages the use of programmatic approaches to project delivery, expedited and prudent procurement techniques, and other best practices to facilitate productive, effective, and timely expenditure of funds for projects eligible for funding under title 23, United States Code. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘engineering or design approaches,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’. 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Federal land access transportation facilities,’’ and inserting ‘‘other federally owned roads that are open to public travel,’’. 
Surface Transportation Efficiency Act of 1991 (105 Stat. 2183) is repealed. 
and as if included therein as enacted, MAP– 21 (Public Law 112–141) is amended as follows: 
150 of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows’’ and inserting ‘‘Title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 149 the following’’; and 
lower percentage if so requested by a State with respect to a project)’’ after ‘‘100 percent’’; and 
lower percentage if so requested by a State with respect to a project)’’ after ‘‘100 percent’’. 
the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public a report cataloging examples of State law or State transportation policy that provides for 
the safe and adequate accommodation, in all phases of project planning, development, and operation of all users of the surface transportation network. 
that exists in current design guidance and regulations; and’’; and 
Safety Manual’ of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials; 
Design Guide’ of the National Association of City Transportation Officials; and’’; and 
Motor Carrier Safety Administration under section 5103 of this Act; and 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 104 the following: 
in that account for the most recently completed fiscal year; and 
appropriated for such programs for such budget year; plus 
appropriated for such programs for such budget year; minus 
‘‘(ii) the total amount authorized to be appropriated for such budget year for all programs under such account; 
for which funds are distributed by formula, the Secretary shall add or subtract the adjustment to the amount authorized for the program but for this section and make available the adjusted program amount for such program in accordance with such formula. 
emergency relief program under section 125 and covered administrative expenses from— 
such fiscal year shall be revised by an amount equal to such adjustment; and 
EXPENSES .—The Secretary shall exclude covered administrative expenses from— 
The term ‘covered administrative expenses’ means the administrative expenses of— 
chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 104 the following: 
of such title, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of MAP–21 (Public Law 112–141); 
as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA–LU (Public Law 109– 59); and 
rescission as of September 30, 2017, for the State; bears to 
rescission as of September 30, 2017, for all States. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 150 the following: 
‘‘§ 151. National electric vehicle charging, hydrogen, and natural gas fueling corridors 
after the date of enactment of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015, the Secretary shall designate national electric vehicle charging, hydrogen, and natural gas fueling corridors that identify the near and longterm need for, and location of, electric vehicle charging infrastructure, hydrogen infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure at strategic locations along major national highways to improve the mobility of passenger and commercial vehicles that employ electric, hydrogen fuel cell, and natural gas fueling technologies across the United States. 
local officials for facilities to be included in the corridors; 
charging, hydrogen fueling stations, and natural gas fueling corridors designated by a State or group of States; and 
of, existing electric vehicle charging, hydrogen fueling stations, and natural gas fueling infrastructure. 
hydrogen infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure and standardization needs for electricity providers, industrial gas providers, natural gas providers, infrastructure providers, vehicle manufacturers, electricity purchasers, and natural gas purchasers; and 
achieving strategic deployment of electric vehicle charging, hydrogen infrastructure, and natural gas fueling infrastructure in those corridors by the end of fiscal year 2021.’’. 
for chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 150 the following: 
‘‘151. National electric vehicle charging, hydrogen, and natural gas fueling corridors.’’. 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
United States Code (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of SAFETEA– LU (Public Law 109–59) in meeting the goals of that program, which included— 
lifecycle costs of bridges, including the costs of new construction, replacement, or rehabilitation of deficient bridges; 
criteria for innovative products and materials for use in highway bridges and structures; 
innovative techniques to separate vehicle and pedestrian traffic from railroad traffic; 
structures that will withstand natural disasters, including alternative processes for the seismic retrofit of bridges; and 
conventional materials and technologies, of each of the innovative materials and technologies used in projects for bridges under the program in meeting the needs of the United States in 2015 and in the future for a sustainable and low lifecycle cost transportation system; 
the installed and lifecycle costs of bridges could be reduced through the use of innovative materials and technologies, including, as appropriate, any changes in the design and construction of bridges needed to maximize the cost reductions; and 
that may be needed to further evaluate innovative approaches to reducing the installed and lifecycle costs of highway bridges. 
A State transportation agency may relinquish parkandride lot facilities or portions of parkandride lot facilities to a local government agency for highway purposes if authorized to do so under State law if the agreement providing for the relinquishment provides that— 
could impair the highway or interfere with the free and safe flow of traffic are subject to the approval of the Secretary. 
have a demonstrated life cycle of 75 or more years, are manufactured with reduced greenhouse gas emissions, and reduce constructionrelated congestion by rapidly curing; or’’. 
carrying out any program administered by the Secretary under this title, the Secretary shall, in conjunction with willing States, as appropriate— 
and forage for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees through plantings of native forbs and grasses, including noninvasive, native milkweed species that can serve as migratory way stations for butterflies and facilitate migrations of other pollinators.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘provision of habitat, forage, and migratory way stations for Monarch butterflies, other native pollinators, and honey bees,’’ before ‘‘and aesthetic enhancement’’. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
fluid milk products shall be considered a load that cannot be easily dismantled or divided.’’. 
Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
emergency vehicle, the following weight limits shall apply in lieu of the maximum and 
paragraph, the term ‘emergency vehicle’ means a vehicle designed— 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the term ‘covered heavyduty tow and recovery vehicle’ means a vehicle that— 
from the place where the vehicle became disabled to the nearest appropriate repair facility; and 
equal to or exceeds the gross vehicle weight of the disabled vehicle being transported.’’. 
23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
To improve road conditions in economically distressed urban communities and increase access to jobs, markets, and economic opportunities for people who live in such communities.’’. 
of such title is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The Secretary shall establish measures for States to use to assess the conditions, accessibility, and reliability of roads in economically distressed urban communities.’’. 
United States Code, and part 750 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations), a State may allow the maintenance of a sign of a service club, charitable association, or religious service that was erected as of the date of enactment of this Act and the area of which is less than or equal to 32 square feet, if the State notifies the Federal Highway Administration. 
of training courses on guard rail installation, maintenance, and inspection.’’. 
through the Administrator of the Federal Highway Administration, and in consultation with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, shall appoint a Motorcyclist Advisory Council to coordinate with and advise the Administrator on infrastructure issues of concern to motorcyclists, including— 
association that represents the traffic safety systems industry; and 
It is the sense of the House of Representatives that the Federal Highway Administration should— 
directed in section 1405 of MAP–21 (126 Stat. 560), to protect the lives and safety of construction workers in highway work zones from vehicle intrusions. 
general terms and conditions of the secured loans or other Federal credit instruments; 
Federal revenue sources that will secure the repayment of the secured loans or secured Federal credit instruments; 
the secured loans or secured Federal credit instruments after all requirements have been met for the projects subject to the master credit agreement, including— 
credit assistance not later than 3 years after the date of entry into the master credit agreement, or release of the commitment, unless otherwise extended by the Secretary.’’. 
The term ‘rural infrastructure project’ means a surface transportation infrastructure project located outside of a CensusBureaudefined urbanized area.’’. 
Secretary may enter into a master credit agreement for a program of related projects secured by a common security pledge on terms acceptable to the Secretary. 
the Secretary fully obligates funding to eligible projects in a fiscal year, and adequate funding is not available to fund a credit instrument, a project sponsor of an eligible project may elect to enter into a master credit agreement and wait to execute a credit instrument until the fiscal year during which additional funds are available to receive credit assistance.’’. 
‘‘(ii) located on a facility owned by a local 
that a local government is substantially involved in the development of the project.’’. 
of title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
amounts made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may use not more than $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2016, $5,150,000 for fiscal year 2017, $5,304,500 for fiscal year 2018, $5,463,500 for fiscal year 2019, $5,627,500 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,760,500 for fiscal year 2021 for the administration of this chapter.’’. 
years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’; and 
years 2005 through 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2016 through 2021’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘(including payments made pursuant to a long term concession agreement, such as availability payments)’’ after ‘‘a project’’. 
capture’ means recovering the increased property value to property located near public transportation resulting from investments in public transportation. 
model bus’ means a heavyduty public transportation bus manufactured to meet, but not 
exceed, transitspecific minimum performance criteria developed by the Secretary.’’. 
statute of the metropolitan planning organization, a representative of a provider of public transportation may also serve as a representative of a local municipality. 
‘‘transit’’ and inserting ‘‘public transportation facilities, intercity bus facilities’’; 
operators, employerbased commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cashout program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’; and 
‘‘(ii) identify existing public transportation services, employerbased commuter programs, and other existing transportation services that support access to jobs in the region; and 
‘‘(iii) identify proposed projects and programs to reduce congestion and increase job access opportunities. 
than 200,000’’ and inserting ‘‘with a population of 200,000 or less’’; and 
operators, employerbased commuting programs, such as a carpool program, vanpool program, transit benefit program, parking cashout program, shuttle program, or telework program)’’ after ‘‘private providers of transportation’’. 
the term ‘recipient’ means a designated recipient, State, or local governmental authority that receives a grant under this section directly from the Government.’’; 
inserting ‘‘or general public demand response service’’ before ‘‘during’’ each place it appears; and 
to allocate funds under this subsection, other than by measuring vehicle revenue hours, each of the public transportation systems to the agreement may follow the terms of such agreement without regard to the percentages or the measured vehicle revenue hours referred to in such paragraph.’’; and 
small start projects,’’ after ‘‘new fixed guideway capital projects’’; and 
‘‘(III) small start projects; or ‘‘(ii) meets the requirements of subsection 
from the project development phase to the construction phase unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements; or 
‘‘(ii) in the case of a new fixed guideway 
capital project or a core capacity improvement project, from the project development phase to the engineering phase, or from the engineering phase to the construction phase, unless the Secretary determines that the program of interrelated projects meets the applicable requirements of this section and there is a reasonable likelihood that the program will continue to meet such requirements.’’; 
studies, studies of economic feasibility, and information on the expected use of equipment or facilities, the Secretary shall estimate the net capital project cost. A grant for a new fixed guideway project shall not exceed 50 percent of the net capital project cost. A grant for a core capacity project shall not exceed 80 percent of the net capital project cost of the incremental cost of increasing the capacity in the corridor. A grant for a small start project shall not exceed 80 percent.’’; and 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital; or 
is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Government sources other than revenues from providing public transportation services; 
by inserting ‘‘, including all operating and capital costs of such service whether or not offset by revenue from such service,’’ after ‘‘the costs of a private operator for the unsubsidized segment of intercity bus service’’. 
5312 of title 49, United States Code, is amended— 
heading and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 5312. Public transportation innovation’’; 
‘‘(ii) GOVERNMENT SHARE OF COSTS FOR CER TAIN PROJECTS .—A grant for a project carried 
out under this paragraph shall be 80 percent of the net project cost of the project unless the grant recipient requests a lower grant percentage.’’; and 
later than the first Monday in February of each year, the Secretary shall make available to the public on the Web site of the Department of Transportation, a report that includes—’’; 
establish an independent governing board for the program under this subsection. 
recommend public transportation research, development, and technology transfer activities the Secretary considers appropriate. 
may make grants to, and enter into cooperative agreements with, the National Academy of Sciences to carry out activities under this subsection that the Secretary considers appropriate. 
be a clear and direct financial benefit to an entity under a grant or contract financed under this subsection, the Secretary shall establish a Government share consistent with that benefit. 
the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
for chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5312 and inserting the following: 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
make grants and enter into contracts, cooperative agreements, and other agreements (including agreements with departments, agencies, and instrumentalities of the Government) to carry out activities that the Secretary determines will assist recipients of assistance under this chapter to— 
consensusbased standards and best practices by the public transportation industry, including standards and best practices for safety, fare collection, intelligent transportation systems, accessibility, procurement, security, asset management to maintain a state of good repair, operations, maintenance, vehicle propulsion, communications, and vehicle electronics. 
that the Secretary determines is necessary to advance the interests of public transportation. 
February of each year, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes— 
out by each organization that received assistance under this subsection during the preceding fiscal year; 
for assistance under this subsection for the subsequent fiscal year; and 
of the cost of an activity carried out using a grant under this subsection may not exceed 80 percent. 
Government share of the cost of an activity carried out using a grant under this subsection may be derived from inkind contributions. 
maintenance and operations occupations, including handson, peer trainer, classroom and onthejob training as well as training for instructors and onthejob mentors; 
transit training partnerships in coordination with entities such as local employers, local public transportation operators, labor union organizations, workforce development boards, State workforce agencies, State apprenticeship agencies (where applicable), and community colleges and university transportation centers, to identify and address workforce skill gaps and develop skills needed for delivering quality transit service and supporting employee career advancement; 
security, and emergency preparedness in local transit systems through— 
workforce in building and sustaining safety culture and safety systems in the industry and in individual public transportation systems; 
the National Transit Institute, on security and emergency preparedness, including protocols for coordinating with first responders and working with the broader community to address natural disasters or other threats to transit systems; and 
roles in promoting health and safety for transit workers and the riding public, and improving communication during emergencies between the frontline workforce and the riding public; 
‘‘(iv) address current or projected workforce shortages by developing career pathway partnerships with high schools, community colleges, and other community organizations for recruiting and training underrepresented populations, including minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, veterans, and lowincome populations as successful transit employees who can develop careers in the transit industry; or 
maximum extent feasible, the Secretary shall select recipients that— 
‘‘(iii) address the workforce and human resources needs of small public transportation providers; 
‘‘(iv) address the workforce and human resources needs of urban public transportation providers; 
‘‘(vi) advance training related to maintenance of alternative energy, energy efficiency, or zero emission vehicles and facilities used in public transportation; 
‘‘(viii) address current or projected workforce shortages in areas that require technical expertise; and 
women, veterans, individuals with disabilities, lowincome populations, and other underserved populations. 
assistance under this subsection shall demonstrate outcomes for any program that includes skills training, onthejob training, and workbased learning, including— 
certifications or credentials required for specific types of employment. 
‘‘(ii) management; ‘‘(iii) environmental factors; ‘‘(iv) acquisition and jointuse rightsof 
Education and training of Government, State, and local transportation employees under this subsection shall be provided— 
States and local governments for subjects that are a Government program responsibility; or 
than 0.5 percent of the amounts made available for a fiscal year beginning after September 30, 1991, to a State or public transportation authority in the State to carry out sections 5307 and 5309 is available for expenditure by the State and public transportation authorities in the State, with the approval of the Secretary, to pay not more than 80 percent of the cost of tuition and direct educational expenses related to educating and training State and local transportation employees under this subsection.’’. 
the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 53 of such title, are repealed. 
for chapter 53 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 5314 and 
art or landscaping into facilities, including the costs of an artist on the design team; or’’; 
grant for the acquisition of a basemodel bus for use in public transportation may be not more than 85 percent of the net project cost.’’; 
than 60 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; 
‘‘(II) for fiscal years 2018 and 2019, is more 
than 65 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
year thereafter, is more than 70 percent of the cost of all components of the rolling stock; and 
under this chapter may use the revenue generated from value capture financing mechanisms as local matching funds for capital projects and operating costs eligible under this chapter. 
year, the Secretary is prohibited by law from enforcing regulations related to charter bus service under part 604 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, for any transit agency that during fiscal year 2008 was both initially granted a 60day period to come into compliance with such part 604, and then was subsequently granted an exception from such part— 
from receiving its allocation of urbanized area formula grant funds for that fiscal year; and 
performance criteria being implemented across the public transportation industry; 
report under section 3018 of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015; and 
audits, examinations, and testing of the equipment, facilities, rolling stock, and operations of the public transportation system of a recipient; 
with respect to the safety of the public transportation system of a recipient or the public transportation industry generally; 
the Secretary requests a determination by the Attorney General as to whether the subpoena will interfere with an ongoing criminal investigation; and 
by, and prescribe recordkeeping and reporting requirements for, a recipient or a State safety oversight agency; 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital; or 
available for bus testing under section 5318 $3,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5312— 
authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5314— 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 5309— 
be appropriated to carry out section 5334, $105,933,000 for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
made available by or appropriated under this section shall remain available for obligation for a period of 3 years after the last day of the fiscal year for which the funds are authorized. 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts made available from the Mass Transit Account of the Highway Trust Fund pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project. 
by the Secretary and financed with amounts appropriated in advance from the general 
fund of the Treasury pursuant to this section is a contractual obligation of the Government to pay the Government share of the cost of the project only to the extent that amounts are appropriated for such purpose by an Act of Congress. 
to carry out section 601 of the Passenger Rail Investment and Improvement Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–432; 122 Stat. 4968). 
safety and security, procurement, management, and financial compliance of a recipient or subrecipient of funds under this chapter. 
Government shall pay the entire cost of carrying out a contract under this subsection. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
this section are designated recipients that operate fixed route bus service or that allocate funding to fixed route bus operators. 
making grants under this subsection shall be distributed as follows: 
for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021 shall be allocated to all States and territories, with each State receiving $1,250,000, and each territory receiving $500,000, for each such fiscal year. 
grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider the age and condition of buses, bus fleets, related equipment, and busrelated facilities of an eligible recipient. 
may submit a statewide application on behalf of a public agency or private nonprofit organization engaged in public transportation in rural areas or other areas for which the State allocates funds. The submission of a statewide application shall not preclude the submission and consideration of any application under this subsection from other eligible recipients in an urbanized area in a State. 
procedures to be used in considering grant applications under this subsection upon issuance of the notice of funding availability in the Federal Register; and 
selected projects, metrics, and other evaluations used in awarding grants under this subsection in the Federal Register. 
years after the fiscal year for which the amount is made available; and 
available under this subsection, not more than 15 percent in fiscal year 2016 and not more than 5 percent in each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021 may be awarded to a single recipient. 
this section shall be subject to the requirements of— 
replacement or depreciation cash fund or reserve, or new capital; or 
‘‘(iv) from amounts received under a service agreement with a State or local social service agency or private social service organization. 
means the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
for chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5339 and inserting the following: 
‘‘lead procurement agency’’ means a State government that acts in an administrative capacity on behalf of each participant in a 
means a grantee that participates in a cooperative procurement contract. 
means to purchase rolling stock and related equipment under a cooperative procurement contract using assistance provided under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
recipient and subrecipient of assistance under chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code. 
enter into a cooperative procurement contract with 1 or more vendors if the vendors agree to provide an option to purchase rolling stock and related equipment to the lead procurement agency and any other participant. 
clearinghouse may include information on bus size, engine type, floor type, and any other attributes necessary to identify joint procurement participants. 
be accessible to the Federal Transit Administration and grantees. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall begin a review of the safety standards and protocols used in public transportation systems in the United States that examines the efficacy of existing standards and protocols. 
the review under this paragraph, the Secretary shall review— 
(ii) safety performance standards, practices, or protocols in use by rail fixed guideway public transportation systems, including— 
(III) coordination plans approved by recipients with local emergency responders having jurisdiction over a rail fixed guideway public 
drills, and familiarization programs for the first responders; and 
(bb) the scheduling of regular field exercises to ensure appropriate response and effective radio and public safety communications; 
or protocols available to the public transportation industry; and 
(iii) rail and bus safety standards, practices, or protocols in use by public transportation systems, regarding— 
of rail and bus operators, as it relates to— 
(aa) the reduction of blindspots that contribute to accidents involving pedestrians; and 
service with adequate time and access for operators to use restroom facilities; 
complete a study to evaluate whether it is in the public interest, including public safety and the legal rights of persons injured in public transportation accidents, to withhold from discovery or admission into evidence in a Federal or State court proceeding any plan, report, data, or other information or portion thereof, submitted to, developed, produced, collected, or obtained by the Secretary or the Secretary’s representative for purposes of complying with the requirements under section 5329 of chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, including information related to a recipient’s safety plan, safety risks, and mitigation measures. 
the Interagency Transportation Coordinating Council on Access and Mobility established under Executive Order 13330 (49 U.S.C. 101 note). 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Council shall publish a strategic plan for the Council that— 
each Federal agency with respect to local transportation coordination, including nonemergency medical transportation; 
Federal laws, except chapter 53 of title 49, United States Code, that will eliminate Federal barriers to local transportation coordination, including nonemergency medical transportation. 
model to facilitate local coordination efforts that comply with applicable requirements of programs funded by members of the Council, such as— 
after publication of the report required in section 3019, the Secretary shall issue a notice of proposed rulemaking on protecting transit operators from the risk of assault. 
and operators who already are using or testing driver assault mitigation infrastructure; and 
authorized to be appropriated out of the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
For carrying out section 405 of title 23, United States Code— 
National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to carry out chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code— 
otherwise provided in chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, and chapter 303 of title 49, United States Code, the amounts made available from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for a program under such chapters— 
grant awarded under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, requires a State to share in the cost, the aggregate of all expenditures for highway safety activities made during a fiscal year by the State and its political subdivisions (exclusive of Federal funds) for carrying out the grant (other than planning and administration) that are in excess of the amount required under Federal law shall be available for the purpose of crediting the State during such fiscal year for the non Federal share of the cost of any other project carried out under chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code (other than planning or administration), without regard to whether such expenditures were made in connection with such project. 
receive a grant under chapter 4 of title 23, 
United States Code, a State shall submit an application, and the Secretary shall establish a single deadline for such applications to enable the award of grants early in the next fiscal year. 
apportioned to that State under this section to conduct a biennial survey that the Secretary shall make publicly available through the Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation that includes— 
‘‘(ii) adequate data to measure the transparency, accountability, and safety attributes of each automated traffic enforcement system; and 
‘‘(iii) a comparison of each automated traffic enforcement system with— 
Operational Guidelines (DOT HS 810 916, March 2008); and 
‘‘(II) Red Light Camera Systems Operational Guidelines (FHWA–SA–05–002, January 2005).’’; 
may be construed to authorize the appropriation or expenditure of funds for highway construction, maintenance, or design (other than design of safety features of highways to be incorporated into guidelines).’’; 
procedures and guidelines to ensure that any person participating in a program or activity that collects data on drug or alcohol use by drivers of motor vehicles and is carried out under this section is informed that the program or activity is voluntary. 
the cost of any project or activity carried out under this section may be not more than 100 percent.’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration shall establish and administer a program under which not less than 3 campaigns will be carried out in each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
use, or authorize the use of, funds available to carry out this section to pay for the development, production, and use of broadcast and print media advertising and Internet based outreach in carrying out campaigns under this section. Consideration shall be given to advertising directed at nonEnglish speaking populations, including those who listen to, read, or watch nontraditional media. 
Traffic Safety Administration resources most of the means necessary for national advertising and education efforts associated with the campaigns. 
for chapter 4 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 404 and inserting the following: 
title 23, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
requirements of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall manage programs to address national priorities for reducing highway deaths and injuries. Funds shall be allocated according to the following: 
year, 1.5 percent of the funds provided under this section shall be allocated among States 
LAWS .—In each fiscal year, 5 percent of the 
range and lowrange States may use grant funds for— 
‘‘(ii) hiring a fulltime or parttime impaired driving coordinator of the State’s activities to address the enforcement and adjudication of laws regarding driving while impaired by alcohol, drugs, or the combination of alcohol and drugs; 
‘‘(iii) court support of highvisibility enforcement efforts, training and education of criminal justice professionals (including law enforcement, prosecutors, judges, and probation officers) to assist such professionals in handling impaired driving cases, hiring traffic safety resource prosecutors, hiring judicial outreach liaisons, and establishing driving while intoxicated courts; 
highvisibility enforcement efforts, conducting standardized field sobriety training, advanced roadside impaired driving evaluation training, and drug recognition expert training for law enforcement, and equipment and related expenditures used in connection with impaired driving enforcement in accordance with criteria established by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration; 
impaired driving assessment programs or other tools designed to increase the probability of identifying the recidivism risk of a person convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol, drugs, or a combination of alcohol and drugs and to determine the most effective mental health or substance abuse treatment or sanction that will reduce such risk; 
may use grant funds for any expenditure designed to reduce impaired driving based on problem identification and may use not more than 50 percent of funds made available under this subsection for any project or activity eligible for funding under section 402. Medium and highrange States may use funds for any expenditure designed to reduce impaired driving based on problem identification upon approval by the Secretary.’’; and 
make a separate grant under this subsection to each State that adopts and is enforcing a law that requires any individual convicted of driving under the influence of alcohol or of driving while intoxicated to receive a restriction on driving privileges that limits the individual to operating only motor vehicles with an ignition interlock installed. Such law may provide limited exceptions for circumstances when— 
provider is not available within 100 miles of the individual’s residence; 
an employer’s motor vehicle in the course and scope of employment and the business entity that owns the vehicle is not owned or controlled by the individual; or 
‘‘(iii) the individual is certified by a medical doctor as being unable to provide a deep lung breath sample for analysis by an ignition interlock device.’’. 
the requirements set forth in this paragraph if the law— 
through a personal wireless communications device while driving or stopped in traffic; 
WHILE DRIVING OR STOPPED IN TRAFFIC .—A State law meets the requirements set forth 
about the distracted driving law of the State; or 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402. 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402 if the State has conformed its distracted driving data to the most recent Model Minimum Uniform Crash Criteria published by the Secretary. 
available under this subsection in a fiscal year for distracted driving grants, the Secretary may expend not more than $5,000,000 for the development and placement of broadcast media to reduce distracted driving of motor vehicles, including to support campaigns related to distracted driving that are funded under section 404. 
grant funds to a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009. 
public road, including operation while temporarily stationary because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise; and 
‘‘(ii) does not include operating a motor vehicle when the vehicle has pulled over to the side of, or off, an active roadway and has stopped in a location where it can safely remain stationary. 
satellite system receiver used for positioning, emergency notification, or navigation purposes. 
reading from or manually entering data into a personal wireless communications device, including doing so for the purpose of SMS texting, emailing, instant messaging, or engaging in any other form of electronic data retrieval or electronic data communication.’’. 
grant funds to a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009, except that the amount of a grant awarded to a State for a fiscal year may not exceed 25 percent of the amount apportioned to the State under such section for fiscal year 2009.’’; 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall update and provide to the States model language for use in traffic safety education courses, driver’s manuals, and other driver training materials that provides instruction for drivers of motor vehicles on the importance of sharing the road safely with motorcyclists.’’. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
and remains in effect until the driver reaches not less than 16 years of age; 
‘‘(III) requires that the driver be accompanied and supervised at all times while operating a motor vehicle by a licensed driver who is— 
‘‘(aa) not less than 21 years of age; ‘‘(bb) the driver’s parent or guardian; or ‘‘(cc) a Statecertified driving instructor; 
‘‘(III) for the first 6 months of such stage, 
‘‘(IV) for a period of not less than 6 
‘‘(II) The driver completes— ‘‘(aa) a Statecertified driver education or 
imposed by State law, the grant of an unrestricted driver’s license or advancement to an intermediate stage be automatically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit stage, is convicted of a drivingrelated offense, including— 
‘‘(aa) driving while intoxicated; ‘‘(bb) misrepresentation of the individual’s 
‘‘(cc) reckless driving; ‘‘(dd) driving without wearing a seatbelt; ‘‘(ee) speeding; or ‘‘(ff) any other drivingrelated offense, as 
the driver reaches the age of not less than 17. 
imposed by State law, the grant of an unrestricted driver’s license be automatically delayed for any individual who, during the 
on, or for the operation of, a farm owned by family members who are directly related to the applicant or licensee; or 
from the denial of a license to the licensees or applicants. 
a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009. 
‘‘(iii) publishing relevant educational materials that pertain directly or indirectly to the State graduated driver licensing law; 
‘‘(iv) carrying out other administrative activities that the Secretary considers relevant to the State’s 2stage licensing process; or 
funds received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402. 
funds received by a State under this subsection may be used for any eligible project or activity under section 402, if the State is in the lowest 25 percent of all States for the number of drivers under age 18 involved in fatal crashes in the State per the total number of drivers under age 18 in the State based on the most recent data that conforms with criteria established by the Secretary.’’. 
title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
requirements under this subsection, the Secretary shall award grants to States for the purpose of decreasing pedestrian and bicycle fatalities and injuries that result from crashes involving a motor vehicle. 
the cost of a project carried out by a State using amounts from a grant awarded under this subsection may not exceed 80 percent. 
grant under this subsection in a fiscal year if the annual combined pedestrian and bicycle fatalities in the State exceed 15 percent of the total annual crash fatalities in the State, based on the most recently reported final data from the Fatality Analysis Reporting System. 
received by a State under this subsection may be used for— 
grant funds to a State under this subsection for a fiscal year shall be in proportion to the State’s apportionment under section 402 for fiscal year 2009.’’. 
HELMET USAGE OR CREATE RELATED CHECKPOINTS FOR A MOTORCYCLE DRIVER OR PASSENGER. 
otherwise make available funding to a State, Indian tribe, county, municipality, or other local government to be used for a program or activity to check helmet usage, including checkpoints related to helmet usage, with respect to a motorcycle driver or passenger. 
with the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall conduct a study on marijuanaimpaired driving. 
the study, the Secretary shall examine, at a minimum, the following: 
driving, including devices capable of measuring marijuana levels in motor vehicle operators. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in cooperation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the study. 
technologies for measuring driver impairment resulting from the use of marijuana, including the use of marijuana in combination with alcohol. 
role of marijuana as a causal factor in traffic crashes and the extent of the problem of marijuanaimpaired driving. 
(iii) A description and assessment of current State laws relating to marijuanaimpaired driving. 
(iv) A determination whether an impairment standard for drivers under the influence of marijuana is feasible and could reduce vehicle accidents and save lives. 
training law enforcement personnel, including drug recognition experts, to detect or measure the level of impairment of a motor vehicle operator who is under the influence of marijuana by the use of technology or otherwise. 
(iii) Methodologies for increased data collection regarding the prevalence and effects of marijuanaimpaired driving. 
Not later than 60 days after the date on 
which the Secretary of Transportation awards grants under section 405 of title 23, United States Code, the Secretary shall make available on a publicly available Internet Web site of the Department of Transportation— 
by striking ‘‘A State’’ and inserting ‘‘On or after October 1, 2015, a State’’; and 
‘‘AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS ’’ and inserting ‘‘F UNDING ’’; 
(ii) by striking ‘‘percent,’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘percent.’’. 
‘‘chapter 301’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 301 of title 49’’. 
ensure that the Secretary, States, local governments, other political jurisdictions, federally recognized Indian tribes, and other persons work in partnership to establish programs to improve motor carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety to support a safe and efficient surface transportation system by— 
carrier, commercial motor vehicle, and driver safety regulations and practices consistent with Federal requirements; and 
motor vehicle safety agency responsible for administering the plan throughout the State; 
the lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agency has or will have the legal authority, resources, and qualified personnel necessary to enforce the regulations, standards, and orders; 
the State will devote adequate resources to the administration of the plan and enforcement of the regulations, standards, and orders; 
under this section be available to the Secretary on request; 
motor vehicles to demonstrate knowledge of applicable safety regulations, standards, and orders of the Federal Government and the State; 
maximum reciprocity for inspections conducted under the North American Inspection Standards through the use of a nationally accepted system that allows ready identification of previously inspected commercial motor vehicles; 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration information technology and data systems and other information systems by all appropriate jurisdictions receiving motor carrier safety assistance program funding; 
the State will undertake efforts that will emphasize and improve enforcement of State and local traffic safety laws and regulations related to commercial motor vehicle safety; 
the State will address national priorities and performance goals, including— 
commercial motor vehicle drivers from the highways of the United States through adequate enforcement of regulations on the use of alcohol and controlled substances and by 
ensuring ready roadside access to alcohol detection and measuring equipment; 
‘‘(ii) activities aimed at providing an appropriate level of training to State motor carrier safety assistance program officers and employees on recognizing drivers impaired by alcohol or controlled substances; and 
commercial motor vehicle inspection, criminal interdiction activities, and appropriate strategies for carrying out those interdiction activities, including interdiction activities that affect the transportation of controlled substances (as defined in section 102 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 802) and listed in part 1308 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as updated and republished from time to time) by any occupant of a commercial motor vehicle; 
Secretary accurate, complete, and timely motor carrier safety data; and 
motor carrier safety data correction system prescribed by the Secretary; 
in the enforcement of financial responsibility requirements under sections 13906, 31138, and 31139 and regulations issued under those sections; 
be conducted at locations that are adequate to protect the safety of drivers and enforcement personnel; 
the training manuals for the licensing examination to drive noncommercial motor vehicles and commercial motor vehicles information on best practices for driving safely in the vicinity of noncommercial and commercial motor vehicles; 
the registration requirements of sections 13902 and 31134 by prohibiting the operation of any vehicle discovered to be operated by a motor carrier without a registration issued under those sections or to be operated beyond the scope of the motor carrier’s registration; 
comprehensive and highly visible traffic enforcement and commercial motor vehicle safety inspection programs in highrisk locations and corridors; 
hazard or obvious safety hazard, ensures that an inspection of a vehicle transporting passengers for a motor carrier of passengers is conducted at a bus station, terminal, border crossing, maintenance facility, destination, or other location where a motor carrier may make a planned stop (excluding a weigh station); 
quality of the work conducted and remains solely responsible for the management and oversight of the activities; 
‘‘(AA) in the case of a State that shares a 
land border with another country, provides that the State— 
motor vehicle safety program focusing on international commerce that includes enforcement and related projects; or 
‘‘(BB) in the case of a State that meets the 
other requirements of this section and agrees to comply with the requirements established 
or procedures that would reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law. 
year in which the Secretary implements a new allocation formula under section 5106 of the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015. 
the Secretary may waive or modify the requirements of this subsection for a total of 1 fiscal year if the Secretary determines that the waiver or modification is reasonable, based on circumstances described by the State, to ensure the continuation of commercial motor vehicle enforcement activities in the State. 
expenditures for federally sponsored demonstration and pilot programs and strike forces; 
State matching amounts used to receive Federal financing under section 31104. 
taken as a result of criminal activity, including the trafficking of human beings, in a commercial motor vehicle or by any occupant, including the operator, of the commercial motor vehicle; and 
traffic laws and regulations designed to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, including documented enforcement of such laws and regulations relating to noncommercial motor vehicles when necessary to promote the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles, if— 
activities, including roadside safety inspections, conducted in the State is maintained at a level at least equal to the average level of such activities conducted in the State in fiscal years 2004 and 2005; and 
submitted by the lead State agency responsible for administering a State plan approved under this section and an investigation by the Secretary, the Secretary shall periodically evaluate State implementation of and compliance with the State plan. 
‘‘(ii) up to 10 percent of funds for the first 
‘‘(iii) up to 25 percent of funds for the second full fiscal year of noncompliance; and 
‘‘(iv) not more than 50 percent of funds for 
the third and any subsequent full fiscal year of noncompliance. 
SAFETY .—The Secretary may make discretionary grants to and enter into cooperative agreements with States, local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, other political jurisdictions as necessary, and any person to carry out high priority activities and projects that augment motor carrier 
motor vehicles and noncommercial motor vehicles in areas identified as high risk crash corridors; 
compliance is achieved, whichever is sooner, for special initiatives or projects that exceed routine operations required for participation; 
vehicle safety and compliance with commercial motor vehicle safety regulations. 
‘‘(II) to improve the safety and productivity of commercial motor vehicles and drivers; and 
‘‘(III) to reduce costs associated with commercial motor vehicle operations and Federal and State commercial motor vehicle regulatory requirements. 
‘‘(ii) certify to the Secretary that its commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks deployment activities, including hardware procurement, software and system development, and infrastructure modifications— 
‘‘(II) promote interoperability and efficiency to the extent practicable; and 
tests developed by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to verify that its systems conform with the national intelligent transportation systems architecture, applicable standards, and protocols for commercial motor vehicle information systems and networks. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
program is to train individuals in the safe operation of commercial motor vehicles (as defined in section 31301). 
under this section, the Secretary shall award priority to grant applications for programs to train former members of the armed forces (as defined in section 101 of title 10) in the safe operation of such vehicles.’’. 
The following sums are authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
of a financial assistance agreement by the Secretary under section 31102, 31103, or 31313 is a contractual obligation of the Federal Government for payment of the Federal Government’s share of costs in carrying out the provisions of the grant or cooperative agreement. 
shall establish criteria for eligible activities to be funded with financial assistance agreements under this section and publish those criteria in a notice of funding availability before the financial assistance program application period. 
the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
for chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 31102, 31103, and 31104 and inserting the following: 
31107 of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 311 of that title, are repealed. 
of title 49, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 311 of that title, are repealed. 
Motor Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31102 note) is repealed. 
made by this section shall take effect on October 1, 2016. 
Code, is amended in the subheading by striking ‘‘PROGRAM ’’ and inserting ‘‘S YSTEMS  
311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) for the Secretary of Transportation to pay administrative expenses of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration— 
to time become necessary to implement statutory mandates of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration not funded from other sources. 
an outreach and education project for which a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement is made under this subsection may be up to 100 percent of the cost of the project. 
the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account) by this section shall be available for obligation on the date of their apportionment or allocation or on October 1 of the fiscal year for which they are authorized, whichever occurs first. 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended. 
for chapter 311 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to subchapter I the following: 
OUTREACH AND EDU CATION .—Section 4127 of SAFETEA–LU (119 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘§ 31313. Commercial driver’s license program implementation financial assistance program 
PROGRAM IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .—In carrying out the program, the Secretary may make a grant to a State agency in a fiscal year— 
a good faith effort toward substantial compliance with the requirements of section 31311, to improve the State’s implementation of its commercial driver’s license program, including expenses— 
may make a grant to or enter into a cooperative agreement with a State agency, local government, or any person in a fiscal year for research, development and testing, demonstration projects, public education, and other special activities and projects relating to commercial drivers licensing and motor vehicle safety that— 
use financial assistance funds awarded under this section to rent, lease, or buy land or buildings. 
annual report on the activities carried out under this section. 
after September 30, 2016, this section shall be funded under section 31104.’’. 
for chapter 313 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 31313 and inserting the following: 
The following sums are authorized to be appropriated from the Highway Trust Fund (other than the Mass Transit Account): 
out the commercial driver’s license program improvement grants program under section 31313 of title 49, United States Code, $30,480,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
border enforcement grants under section 31107 of that title $32,512,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
information systems management grant program under section 31109 of that title $5,080,000 for fiscal year 2016. 
For safety data improvement grants under section 4128 of this Act $3,048,000 for fiscal year 2016.’’. 
LU (49 U.S.C. 31106 note; 119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) is amended— 
the following: ‘‘Funds deobligated by the Secretary from previous year grants shall not be counted toward the $2,500,000 maximum aggregate amount for core deployment.’’; and 
the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the development or updating of program or top level design plans.’’; and 
end the following: ‘‘Funds may also be used for planning activities, including the development or updating of program or top level design plans.’’. 
PROGRAM .—For fiscal year 2016, the commercial vehicle information systems and networks deployment program under section 4126 of SAFETEA–LU (119 Stat. 1738; Public Law 109–59) may also be referred to as the innovative technology deployment program. 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a motor carrier safety assistance program formula working group (in this section referred to as the ‘‘working group’’). 
(ii) The lead State commercial motor vehicle safety agencies responsible for administering the plan required by section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
agencies responsible for enforcing a program for inspection of commercial motor vehicles. 
commercial motor vehicle safety agencies shall comprise at least 51 percent of the membership. 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group established under this subsection. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration— 
shall ensure that the new allocation formula for the motor carrier assistance program is based on factors that reflect, at a minimum— 
of and challenges faced by States in complying with that section; 
motor carrier inventory for the 3year period prior to the date of enactment of this Act; 
the State under section 31107 of title 49, United States Code; and 
new allocation formula, the Secretary shall terminate the withholding of motor carrier assistance program funds from a State for at least 3 fiscal years if the State was subject to the withholding of such funds for matters of noncompliance immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under sections 31102 and 31104 of title 49, United States Code, as amended by this subtitle, does not exceed a sum greater than the average of the total amount of State maintenance of effort and matching expenditures required under those sections for the 3 fiscal years prior to the date of enactment of this Act. 
(ii) if the number is not greater than 0, the 
authority of the Secretary under this section shall terminate effective on the date that a new maintenance of effort baseline is calculated based on a new allocation formula for the motor carrier safety assistance program implemented under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code. 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘or suspend’’ after ‘‘revoke’’. 
final rule on different segments of the motor carrier industry; 
different types of motor carriers, including small and large carriers, and drivers that will be impacted by the proposed or final rule. 
on the best available science or technical information relevant to analyzing potential regulatory alternatives; 
apply to a proposed rule if the Secretary, for good cause, finds (and incorporates the finding and a brief statement of reasons for such finding in the proposed or final rule) that an advance notice of proposed rulemaking is impracticable, unnecessary, or contrary to the public interest. 
Secretary shall conduct a review of regulations issued under this part. 
during the 5year period ending on the date on which the assessment is published; 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall have a date of issuance or a date of revision, as applicable, and shall include the name and contact information of a point of contact at the Administration who can respond to questions regarding the guidance. 
issued or revised by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall be published on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department on the date of issuance or revision. 
of the guidance document every 5 years until the date on which the guidance document is removed or incorporated into applicable regulations. 
not less than once every 5 years, the Administrator shall conduct a comprehensive review of the guidance documents issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to determine whether such documents are— 
section, the term ‘‘guidance document’’ means a document issued by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration that— 
on the likelihood of safety improvements resulting from the regulatory action requested; 
term ‘‘petition’’ means a request for a new regulation, a regulatory interpretation or clarification, or a review of a regulation to eliminate or modify an obsolete, ineffective, or overly burdensome regulation. 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this part as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall commission the National Research Council of the National Academies to conduct a study of— 
program of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (referred to in this part as the ‘‘CSA program’’); and 
Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories (referred to in this part as ‘‘BASIC’’)— 
crash risk, crash severity, or other safety indicators for motor carriers; 
BASIC percentiles and identify carriers for enforcement, including the weights assigned to particular violations and the tie between crash risk and specific regulatory violations, with respect to accurately identifying and predicting future crash risk for motor carriers; 
the use of crash data from crashes in which a motor carrier was free from fault; 
carriers of passengers should be calculated differently than for motor carriers of freight; 
safety violations are reported to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration for inclusion in the SMS by various enforcement authorities, including States, territories, and Federal inspectors; and 
SMS and what effect making the SMS information public has had on reducing crashes and eliminating unsafe motor carriers from the industry; and 
precision and confidence, through SMS alerts and percentiles, for the relative crash risk of individual large and small motor carriers; 
the Comptroller General of the United States and the Inspector General of the Department, and independent review team reports, 
by the Department that relates to the CSA program, including the SMS. 
the Comptroller General or the Inspector General before the date of enactment of this Act; and 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall incorporate into the CSA program a methodology to allow recognition and an improved SMS score for— 
that is 1 day after the date of enactment of this Act, no information regarding analysis of violations, crashes in which a determination is made that the motor carrier or the commercial motor vehicle driver is not at fault, alerts, or the relative percentile for each BASIC developed under the CSA program may be made available to the public (including through requests under section 552 of title 5, United States Code) until the Inspector General of the Department certifies that— 
Carrier Safety Administration has fully implemented or satisfactorily addressed the issues raised in the report titled ‘‘Modifying the Compliance, Safety, Accountability Program Would Improve the Ability to Identify High Risk Carriers’’ of the Government Accountability Office and dated February 2014 (GAO–14–114); and 
of this section, inspection and violation information submitted to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration by commercial motor vehicle inspectors and qualified law enforcement officials, outofservice rates, and absolute measures shall remain available to the public. 
section may be construed to restrict the official use by State enforcement agencies of the data collected by State enforcement personnel. 
terms are defined in section 13102 of title 49, United States Code); 
an ocean freight forwarder, or an ocean transportation intermediary (as such terms are defined in section 40102 of title 46, United States Code); 
only be applicable to entities who, before tendering a shipment, but not more than 35 days before the pickup of the shipment by the hired motor carrier, verify that the motor carrier, at the time of such verification— 
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration to operate as a motor carrier, if applicable; 
safety technology’’ includes lane departure warning systems, collision avoidance systems, onboard video event recording devices, and any other technology determined appropriate by the Secretary. 
Carrier Safety Administration shall prioritize the completion of each outstanding rulemaking required by statute before beginning any other rulemaking, unless the Secretary determines that there is a significant need for such other rulemaking. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of 
Representatives a report on the cost and feasibility of establishing a selfreporting system for commercial motor vehicle drivers or motor carriers with respect to en route equipment failures. 
Safety Administration to ensure that selfreported equipment failures proven to be repaired are not used in the calculation of Behavior Analysis and Safety Improvement Category scores; 
to track individual commercial motor vehicles through unique identifiers; and 
statutory impediments to the implementation of a selfreporting system; and 
title 49, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
or a portion of a driving test if the covered individual had experience in the armed forces or reserve components driving vehicles similar to a commercial motor vehicle; 
covered individual received in the armed forces or reserve components driving vehicles similar to a commercial motor vehicle for purposes of satisfying minimum standards for training and knowledge. 
‘‘(vi) the Air Force Reserve; and ‘‘(vii) the Coast Guard Reserve.’’. 
regulations shall permit such motor carriers to conduct preemployment testing of such employees for the use of alcohol.’’; and 
commercial motor vehicle operators for the use of alcohol; and 
use of a controlled substance if the operator was subject to hair testing for preemployment testing.’’; 
testing for commercial motor vehicle operators with established religious beliefs that prohibit the cutting or removal of hair.’’; and 
for hair testing to detect the use of a controlled substance;’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue scientific and technical guidelines for hair testing as a method of detecting the use of a controlled substance for purposes of section 31306 of title 49, United States Code. 
age of 21 years be accompanied by experienced drivers over the age of 21 years. 
the vehicles of drivers under the age of 21 years. 
provide sufficient notice of and an opportunity for public comment on, the— 
evaluate the pilot program, including to determine any changes in the level of motor carrier safety as a result of the pilot program. 
age of 19 years and 6 months to participate; 
ages of 19 years and 6 months and 21 years to— 
monitored by the Secretary during participation in the pilot program; 
motor carrier’s participation in the pilot program if a State or the Secretary determines that the motor carrier violated the requirements, including safety requirements, of the pilot program; and 
physical requirements of, an operator certified pursuant to section 31149 of title 49, United States Code; and 
been found to have acted fraudulently, including by fraudulently awarding a medical certificate. 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. 
this section shall be construed to change any statutory penalty associated with fraud or abuse. 
claims exceed current minimum levels of financial responsibility in fatal accidents; and 
road bus and public and private school bus companies, including companies of various sizes, and an analysis of whether such insurance is adequate to cover claims; 
of an increase in financial responsibility on insurance premiums for passenger carriers and service availability. 
bus and private school bus transportation industries, including representatives of bus drivers; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the average length of time that operators of commercial motor vehicles are delayed before the loading and unloading of such vehicles and at other points in the pick up and delivery process. 
(iii) motor carrier safety, including the extent to which delays result in violations of motor carrier safety regulations; and 
2016, the Secretary shall publish on a publicly accessible Internet Web site of the Department a report on the minimum levels of financial responsibility required under section 31139 of title 49, United States Code. 
claims exceed the current minimum levels of financial responsibility. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish a working group to determine best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the working group shall submit to the Secretary a report on its findings under this section and any recommendations for the implementation of best practices for expeditious State approval of special permits for vehicles involved in emergency response and recovery. 
Senate on the actions the Secretary and the States have taken to implement the recommendations included in the report. 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group. 
establish a working group for the purpose of developing recommendations on how to best convey to inexperienced consumers the information such consumers need to know with respect to the Federal laws concerning the interstate transportation of household goods by motor carrier. 
the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration into a format that is more easily used by consumers; 
Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the working group. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a comprehensive analysis of the information technology and data collection and management systems of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. 
motor carrier safety assistance program under section 31102 of title 49, United States Code; and 
Not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate written notification of the actions the Secretary is taking to ensure, to the greatest extent practicable, that each application for registration under section 13902 of title 49, United States Code, is processed not later than 30 days after the date on which the application is received by the Secretary. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and each year thereafter, the Administrator of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that— 
skills testing for applicants for a commercial driver’s license, including— 
location, from the date an applicant requests to take a skills test to the date the applicant completes such test; 
location, from the date an applicant, upon failure of a skills test, requests a retest to the date the applicant completes such retest; 
through the State department of motor vehicles and whether this number has increased or decreased from the previous year; and 
31136 note) is amended by striking ‘‘from’’ and all that follows through the period at end and inserting the following: ‘‘from— 
day or a total of 30 hours per calendar month; and 
records to be maintained by the motor carrier and such records are made available upon request of the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration or the Federal Railroad Administration. 
transporting a motor home or recreation vehicle trailer within the definition of the term ‘driveawaytowaway operation’ (as defined in section 390.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations), may comply with the hours of service requirements by requiring each driver to use— 
and as if included therein as enacted, MAP– 21 (Public Law 112–141) is amended as follows: 
amended by inserting ‘‘for’’ before ‘‘each additional day’’ in the matter proposed to be struck. 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ in the matter to be struck; and 
‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ in the matter to be inserted. 
Carrier Safety Improvement Act of 1999 (49 U.S.C. 31136 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 49, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘sections 31136 and 31502’’. 
less than 80 feet on a stingersteered automobile transporter with a front overhang of less than 4 feet and a rear overhang of less than 6 feet.’’. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
hours off duty following each 14 hours on duty; 
maximum driving time following 10 consecutive hours off duty; and 
driver maintains and retains for a period of 6 months accurate and true time records that show— 
‘‘(iv) the total time for the preceding driving week the driver is used for the first time or intermittently. 
‘driver of ready mixed concrete delivery vehicle’ means a driver of a vehicle designed to deliver ready mixed concrete on a daily basis and is equipped with a mechanism under which the vehicle’s propulsion engine provides the power to operate a mixer drum to agitate and mix the product en route to the delivery site.’’. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Transportation for Tomorrow Act of 2015’’. 
title 23, United States Code, $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
section 504 of title 23, United States Code $24,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
518 of title 23, United States Code $100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
United States Code, $26,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2021. 
manner as if those funds were apportioned under chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, except that the Federal share of the cost of a project or activity carried out using those funds shall be 80 percent, unless otherwise expressly provided by this Act (including the amendments by this Act) or otherwise determined by the Secretary; and 
be transferable, except as otherwise provided in this Act. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall establish an advanced transportation and congestion management technologies deployment initiative to provide grants to eligible entities to develop model deployment sites for large scale installation and operation of advanced transportation technologies to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and infrastructure return on investment. 
traffic, transit, parking, and other transportationrelated information to improve mobility, reduce congestion, and provide for more efficient and accessible transportation; 
‘‘(vi) monitor transportation assets to improve infrastructure management, reduce maintenance costs, prioritize investment decisions, and ensure a state of good repair; 
‘‘(vii) deliver economic benefits by reducing delays, improving system performance, and providing for the efficient and reliable movement of goods and services; or 
‘‘(viii) accelerate the deployment of vehicletovehicle, vehicletoinfrastructure, autonomous vehicles, and other technologies. 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and for every fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall request applications in accordance with clause (ii). 
for the longterm operation and maintenance of advanced transportation and congestion management technologies to improve safety, efficiency, system performance, and return on investment. 
‘‘(bb) optimizing system efficiency; and ‘‘(cc) improving access to transportation 
‘‘(III) RESULTS .—Quantifiable safety, mobility, and environmental benefit projections such as datadriven estimates of how the project will improve the region’s transportation system efficiency and reduce traffic congestion. 
partnering with the private sector or public agencies, including multimodal and multijurisdictional entities, research institutions, organizations representing transportation and technology leaders, or other transportation stakeholders. 
optimize existing local and regional advanced transportation technology investments. 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and for every fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary shall award grants to not less than 5 and not more than 8 eligible entities. 
a grant under this paragraph, the Secretary shall ensure, to the extent practicable, that grant recipients represent diverse geographic areas of the United States. 
vehicletovehicle and vehicletoinfrastructure communications, technologies associated with autonomous vehicles, and other collision avoidance technologies, including systems using cellular technology; ‘‘(vii) integration of intelligent transportation systems with the Smart Grid and other energy distribution and charging systems; 
‘‘(ix) advanced mobility and access technologies, such as dynamic ridesharing and information systems to support human services for elderly and disabled individuals. 
than 1 year after an eligible entity receives a grant under this paragraph, and each year thereafter, the entity shall submit a report to the Secretary that describes— 
the project compared to the benefits and savings the project provides; and 
expectations projected in the deployment plan submitted with the application, such as— 
improving transportation system performance through the deployment of advanced technologies; 
time integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to the public to make informed travel decisions; and 
for future deployment strategies to optimize transportation efficiency and multimodal system performance. 
‘‘(ii) reduced traffic congestion and improved travel time reliability; 
realtime integrated traffic, transit, and multimodal transportation information to make informed travel decisions; 
‘‘(vii) provided cost savings to transportation agencies, businesses, and the traveling public; or 
‘‘(viii) provided other benefits to transportation users and the general public. 
may cease to provide additional grant funds to a recipient of a grant under this paragraph if— 
60 days prior to withholding funds to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. 
the cost of a project for which a grant is awarded under this subsection shall not exceed 50 percent of the cost of the project. 
grant recipient under this paragraph may use not more than 5 percent of the funds awarded each fiscal year to carry out planning and reporting requirements. 
entity’ means a State or local government, a transit agency, metropolitan planning organization representing a population of over 
200,000, or other political subdivision of a State or local government or a multijurisdictional group or a consortia of research institutions or academic institutions. 
‘‘(ii) ADVANCED AND CONGESTION MANAGE MENT TRANSPORTATION TECHNOLOGIES .—The 
term ‘advanced transportation and congestion management technologies’ means technologies that improve the efficiency, safety, or state of good repair of surface transportation systems, including intelligent transportation systems. 
term ‘multijurisdictional group’ means a any combination of State governments, locals governments, metropolitan planning agencies, transit agencies, or other political subdivisions of a State for which each member of the group— 
make available to the public on an Internet Web site on an annual basis a report on the 
cost and benefits from deployment of new technology and innovations that substantially and directly resulted from the program established under this paragraph. The report may include an analysis of— 
system and support to national freight policy goals by conducting heavy duty vehicle demonstration activities and accelerating adoption of intelligent transportation system applications in freight operations.’’. 
after the date of enactment of the Transportation Research and Innovative Technology Act of 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘May 1 of each year’’; and 
inserting ‘‘make available to the public on a Department of Transportation Web site’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘memberships are comprised of, and represent,’’ and inserting ‘‘memberships include representatives of’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 3’’ and all that follows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than July 6, 2016, the Secretary shall make available to the public on a Department of Transportation Web site a report’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
shall not be used for the construction of physical surface transportation infrastructure unless the construction is incidental and critically necessary to the implementation of an intelligent transportation system project.’’. 
chapter 5 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
of Department of Transportation research and development programs and activities. 
agreements with Federal agencies, State and local government agencies, other public entities, private organizations, and other persons to conduct research into transportation service and infrastructure assurance and to carry out other research activities of the Department of Transportation; 
and local governments, foreign governments, institutions of higher education, corporations, institutions, partnerships, sole proprietorships, and trade associations that are incorporated or established under the laws of any State; 
not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the coordination, evaluation, and oversight of the programs administered by the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology. 
development, or use of a technology under a contract, grant, cooperative research and development agreement, or other agreement entered into under this section, including the terms under which the technology may be licensed and the resulting royalties may be distributed, shall be subject to the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). 
apply to a contract, grant, or other agreement entered into under this section.’’. 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘The Under Secretary of Transportation for Security.’’. 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Associate Deputy Secretary, Department of Transportation.’’. 
the Department of Transportation the Bureau of Transportation Statistics.’’. 
for chapter 1 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 112. 
for chapter 55 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 5503. 
Secretary shall make grants under this section to eligible nonprofit institutions of higher education to establish and operate university transportation centers. 
and technology in the varied disciplines that comprise the field of transportation through education, research, and technology transfer activities; 
under this section, a consortium of nonprofit institutions of higher education shall submit to the Secretary an application that is in such form and contains such information as the Secretary may require. 
solicit grant applications for national transportation centers, regional transportation centers, and Tier 1 university transportation centers with identical advertisement schedules and deadlines. 
‘‘(ii) the demonstrated research, technology transfer, and education resources available to the recipient to carry out this section; 
leadership in solving immediate and long range national and regional transportation problems; 
out research, education, and technology transfer activities that are multimodal and multidisciplinary in scope; 
recipient to carry out transportation workforce development programs through— 
‘‘(II) outreach activities to attract new entrants into the transportation field, including women and underrepresented populations; 
‘‘(vi) the demonstrated ability of the recipient to disseminate results and spur the implementation of transportation research and education programs through national or statewide continuing education programs; 
the recipient to the use of peer review principles and other research best practices in the selection, management, and dissemination of research projects; 
recipient describing the proposed research to be carried out by the recipient and the performance metrics to be used in assessing the performance of the recipient in meeting the stated research, technology transfer, education, and outreach goals; and 
‘‘(ix) the ability of the recipient to implement the proposed program in a costefficient manner, such as through cost sharing and overall reduced overhead, facilities, and administrative costs. 
any information that would identify a reviewer redacted), used in the evaluation process of the proposal of the applicant. 
grant made available under this paragraph shall be not greater than $4,000,000 and not less than $2,000,000 per recipient. 
regional university transportation center shall be located in each of the 10 Federal regions that comprise the Standard Federal Regions established by the Office of Management and Budget in the document entitled ‘Standard Federal Regions’ and dated April 1974 (circular A–105). 
‘‘(iii) whether the consortium of institutions demonstrates that the consortium has a wellestablished, nationally recognized program in transportation research and education, as evidenced by— 
graduate degrees in professional fields closely related to highways and public transportation; and 
in professional fields closely related to highways and public transportation. 
grant made available under this paragraph shall be not greater than $3,000,000 and not less than $1,500,000 per recipient. 
grants under this section, consideration shall be given to minority institutions, as defined by section 365 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067k), or consortia that include such institutions that have demonstrated an ability in transportationrelated research. 
and technology transfer activities carried out by grant recipients under this section; and 
less frequently than annually, and consistent with the plan developed under section 508 of title 23, the Secretary shall— 
2021, the Secretary shall expend not more than 1 and a half percent of the amounts made available to the Secretary to carry out this section for any coordination, evaluation, and oversight activities of the Secretary under this section. 
Secretary to carry out this section shall remain available for obligation by the Secretary for a period of 3 years after the last day of the fiscal year for which the amounts are authorized. 
carry out reporting requirements relating to any program assessment or evaluation activity under this section, including customer satisfaction assessments, shall not be subject to chapter 35 of title 44.’’. 
economic accounts to meet demand for methods for estimating the economic value of transportation infrastructure, investment, and services; 
‘‘(viii) not be required to obtain the approval of any other officer or employee of the Department in connection with the collection or analysis of any information; 
to obtain the approval of any other officer or employee of the Federal Government with respect to the substance of any statistical technical reports or press releases that the Director has prepared in accordance with the law;’’. 
of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 6310’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6309’’. 
under this section, a State or group of States 
shall submit to the Secretary an application in such form and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
awareness regarding the need for alternative funding sources for surface transportation programs and to provide information on possible approaches. 
States receiving funds under this section to test the design, acceptance, and implementation of a userbased alternative revenue mechanism— 
public acceptance, and other potential hurdles to the adoption of the userbased alternative revenue mechanism; 
thirdparty vendors to collect fees and operate the userbased alternative revenue mechanism; 
of the userbased alternative revenue mechanism on differing income groups, various geographic areas, and the relative burdens on rural and urban drivers; 
alternative revenue mechanisms, including the ability of users to select from various technology and payment options; 
consider geographic diversity in awarding grants under this section. 
Any revenue collected through a userbased alternative revenue mechanism established using funds provided under this section shall not be considered a toll under section 301 of title 23, United States Code. 
the cost of an activity carried out under this section may not exceed 50 percent of the total cost of the activity. 
1 year after the date on which the first eligible entity receives a grant under this section, and each year thereafter, each recipient of a grant under this section shall submit to the Secretary a report that describes— 
alternative revenue mechanisms that utilize a user fee structure. 
years after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter until the completion of the demonstration activities under this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public on an Internet Web site a report describing the progress of the demonstration activities. 
section for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the Transportation Research Board of the National Academies to conduct a study on the actions needed to upgrade and restore the Dwight D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways to its role as a premier system that meets the growing and shifting demands of the 21st century. 
and recommended in the report prepared for the American Association of State Highway 
regarding the features, standards, capacity needs, application of technologies, and intergovernmental roles to upgrade the Interstate System, including any revisions to law (including regulations) that the Transportation Research Board determines appropriate; and 
study, the Transportation Research Board shall determine the need for reconstruction and improvement of the Interstate System by considering— 
Interstate System over the period of 50 years beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, including longterm deterioration and reconstruction needs; 
technological capabilities to address modern standards of construction, maintenance, and operations, for purposes of safety, and system management, taking into further consideration system performance and cost; and 
of national experts, including operators and users of the Interstate System and private sector stakeholders; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Transportation Research Board shall make available to the public on an Internet Web site the results of the study conducted under this section. 
of Transportation for Research and Technology may examine the impact of pavement durability and sustainability on vehicle fuel consumption, vehicle wear and tear, road conditions, and road repairs. 
peerreviewed research published during at least the past 5 years; 
pavement on all motor vehicle types, including commercial vehicles; 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall publish on a public Web site the results of the study. 
pavements analyzed in the study and the impacts of pavement durability and sustainability on vehicle fuel consumption, vehicle wear and tear, road conditions, and road repairs; and 
governments on best practice methods for improving pavement durability and sustainability to maximize vehicle fuel economy, ride quality, and road conditions and to minimize the need for road and vehicle repairs. 
Research and Technology of the Department of Transportation may enter into an agreement, within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act, with the National Academy of Sciences to conduct a study on the most effective means of preventing motorcycle crashes. 
may make available the findings on a public Web site within 30 days after receiving the results of the study from the National Academy of Sciences. 
may enter into an agreement with the National Academies to support such research. 
Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including online curriculum as appropriate,’’ after ‘‘a current curriculum of courses’’. 
To improve the scientific pursuit and research procedures concerning transportation, the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology may convene an interagency working group to— 
enactment of this Act a national transportation research framework; 
between the Department and universities and the private sector, and prioritize these opportunities; 
and identify opportunities to collaborate with, other Federal research agencies and national laboratories to assist in the effective and efficient pursuit and resolution of research challenges identified by the Secretary. 
‘‘(iii) the process for participants to register for the competition;’’; and 
both places it appears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purse’’; 
The Secretary may not require a participant to waive claims against the Department arising out of the unauthorized use or disclosure 
by the Department of the intellectual property, trade secrets, or confidential business information of the participant. 
‘‘(II) PROHIBITION ON GOVERNMENT ACQUISI TION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS .— 
The Federal Government may not gain an interest in intellectual property developed by a participant for a prize competition under this paragraph without the written consent of the participant. 
may negotiate a license for the use of intellectual property developed by a participant for a prize competition under this paragraph.’’; 
sector’’ and inserting ‘‘private sector for profit and nonprofit entities, to be available to the extent provided by appropriations Acts’’; 
(ii) in subclause (II) by striking ‘‘and metropolitan planning organizations’’ and inserting ‘‘metropolitan planning organizations, and private sector forprofit and nonprofit entities’’; and 
(ii) by inserting ‘‘competition’’ after ‘‘announcement of the prize’’; and 
both places it appears and inserting ‘‘cash prize purses’’; and 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall make available to the public a report that— 
transportation technology policy developed by public entities in the United States; 
the Department to address autonomous vehicle technology challenges; and 
autonomous transportation technology, applications, and policies that are based on the 
otherwise made available to carry out this chapter, the Secretary may credit amounts received from a State, Indian tribe, or other public authority or private entity for expenses the Secretary incurs in providing training to the State, Indian tribe, authority, or entity. 
made available under this section shall remain available until expended.’’. 
order waive compliance with any part of an applicable standard prescribed under this chapter without prior notice and comment and on terms the Secretary considers appropriate if the Secretary determines that— 
the safe movement of hazardous materials into, from, and within an area of a major disaster or emergency that has been declared under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). 
this subsection may be issued for a period of not more than 60 days and may be renewed upon application to the Secretary only after notice and an opportunity for a hearing on the waiver. The Secretary shall immediately revoke the waiver if continuation of the waiver would not be consistent with the goals and objectives of this chapter. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘transmit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘make available to the public on the Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall withdraw the proposed rule described in the notice of proposed rulemaking issued on January 27, 2011, entitled ‘‘Safety Requirements for External Product Piping on Cargo Tanks Transporting Flammable Liquids’’ (76 Fed. Reg. 4847). 
following: ‘‘The Secretary shall make available to the public on the Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site any special permit other than a new special permit or a modification to an existing special permit and shall give the public an opportunity to inspect the safety analysis and comment on the application for a period of not more than 15 days.’’; and 
place it appears and inserting ‘‘a special permit or approval’’; and 
Secretary shall periodically, but at least every 120 days— 
of the final disposition of each application for a new special permit, modification to an existing special permit, or approval during the preceding quarter; and 
Department of Transportation’s Internet Web site notice of the final disposition of any other special permit during the preceding quarter.’’. 
are used to approve such persons, assess the adequacy of such standards and protocols to ensure that persons seeking approval are qualified and capable of performing classifications, and make recommendations to address any deficiencies identified; 
oversight of persons approved to perform the classifications, including the qualification of individuals engaged in the oversight of approved persons, and make recommendations to enhance oversight sufficiently to ensure that classifications are issued as required; 
exist to rescind, suspend, or deny approval of persons who perform such classifications, assess the adequacy of such standards and protocols, and make recommendations to enhance such standards and protocols if necessary; and 
The Secretary shall make grants to States and Indian tribes— 
emergency plans under the Emergency Planning and Community RightToKnow Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq.), including ascertaining flow patterns of hazardous material on lands under the jurisdiction of a State or Indian tribe, and between lands under the jurisdiction of a State or Indian tribe and lands of another State or Indian tribe; 
the total amount the State or Indian tribe expends (except amounts of the Federal Government) for the purpose of the grant will at least equal the average level of expenditure for the last 5 years; and 
‘‘(ii) any other course the Secretary determines is consistent with the objectives of this section. 
grant under this subsection shall ensure that planning and emergency response training under the grant is coordinated with adjacent States and Indian tribes. 
(including an authority of a State, a political subdivision of a State or Indian tribe, or a local jurisdiction), subject to approval by the Secretary, to provide the training— 
and the State or Indian tribe to conduct random examinations, inspections, and audits of the training without prior notice; ‘‘(ii) the person agrees to have an auditable 
at least one onsite observation of the training each year. 
made available for grants under this subsection among eligible States and Indian tribes based on the needs of the States and Indian tribes for emergency response training. In making a decision about those needs, the Secretary shall consider— 
material transported in the State or on such land; 
tribe in effectively managing planning and training grants; and 
may not deny a nontemporary permit held by a motor carrier pursuant to this section based on a comprehensive review of that carrier triggered by safety management system scores or outofservice disqualification standards, unless— 
to the denial of such permit, to submit a written description of corrective actions taken and other documentation the carrier wishes the Secretary to consider, including a corrective action plan; and 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue such regulations as are necessary to require that each tank car built to meet the DOT–117 specification and each nonjacketed tank car modified to meet the DOT–117R specification be equipped with an insulating blanket with at least 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 5110 the following: 
days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall issue such regulations as are necessary to require any railroad carrier transporting a Class 3 flammable liquid to maintain a comprehensive oil spill response plan. 
response plan procedures and resources, including equipment, for responding, to the maximum extent practicable, to a worstcase discharge; 
response plan is consistent with the National Contingency Plan and each applicable Area Contingency Plan; 
response plan appropriate notification and training procedures and procedures for coordinating with Federal, State, and local emergency responders; 
worstcase discharges, including the process by which a railroad carrier determines the worstcase discharge. 
‘Class 3 flammable liquid’ has the meaning given the term flammable liquid in section 173.120 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
railroad’, ‘Class II railroad’, and ‘Class III railroad’ have the meaning given those terms in section 20102. 
term ‘National Contingency Plan’ has the meaning given the term in section 1001 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701). 
‘worstcase discharge’ means the largest foreseeable discharge of oil in the event of an accident or incident, as determined by each railroad carrier in accordance with regulations issued under this section.’’. 
for chapter 51 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 5110 the following: 
term ‘‘highhazard flammable train’’ means a single train transporting 20 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid, as such term is defined in section 173.120 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations, in a continuous block or a single train transporting 35 or more tank cars loaded with a Class 3 flammable liquid throughout the train consist. 
of the United States shall conduct an independent evaluation of ECP brake systems, pilot program data, and the Department’s research and analysis on the costs, benefits, and effects of ECP brake systems. 
benefits relative to conventional brakes and to other braking technologies or systems, such as distributed power and 2way endof train devices. 
challenges, including installation time, positive train control integration complexities, component availability issues, and tank car shop capabilities. 
into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to— 
during emergency braking application, including more than 1 scenario involving the uncoupling of a train with 70 or more DOT– 117specification or DOT–117Rspecification tank cars; and 
after the date of enactment of this Act, to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the results of the testing. 
sections 20108 and 5118 of title 49, United States Code; and 
stock, track, and other equipment or infrastructure from a private entity for the purposes of conducting the testing required under this section. 
brake mode’’ includes any operation of a rail car or an entire train using an ECP brake system. 
carrier’’ has the meaning given the term in section 20102 of title 49, United States Code. 
cited as the ‘‘Positive Train Control Enforcement and Implementation Act of 2015’’. 
of enactment of the Rail Safety Improvement Act of 2008’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days after the date of enactment of the Positive Train Control Enforcement and Implementation Act of 2015’’; 
will provide for interoperability of the system with the movements of trains of other railroad carriers over its lines; and 
‘‘(II) how, to the extent practical, the positive train control system will be implemented in a manner that addresses areas of greater risk before areas of lesser risk; 
system implementation plan content requirements under section 236.1011 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations; and 
spectrum will be acquired and will be available for use in each area as needed for positive train control system implementation, if such spectrum is not already acquired and available for use; 
control system hardware that will be installed for implementation, with totals separated by each major hardware category; 
control system hardware that will be installed by the end of each calendar year until the positive train control system is implemented, with totals separated by each hardware category; 
‘‘(IV) the total number of employees required to receive training under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
will receive the training, as required under the applicable positive train control system regulations, by the end of each calendar year until the positive train control system is implemented; 
‘‘(VI) a summary of any remaining technical, programmatic, operational, or other challenges to the implementation of a positive train control system, including challenges with— 
‘‘(aa) availability of public funding; ‘‘(bb) interoperability; ‘‘(cc) spectrum; ‘‘(dd) software; ‘‘(ee) permitting; and ‘‘(ff) testing, demonstration, and certification; and 
‘‘(iii) completed employee training required under the applicable positive train control system regulations; 
that it will be in full compliance with the requirements of this section on or before the date provided in an alternative schedule and sequence, subject to approval by the Secretary; 
‘‘(vi) in the case of a Class I railroad carrier and Amtrak, implemented a positive train control system or initiated revenue service demonstration on the majority of territories, such as subdivisions or districts, or route miles that are owned or controlled by such carrier and required to have operations governed by a positive train control system; and 
‘‘(vii) in the case of any other railroad carrier or other entity not subject to clause (vi)— 
scheduled intercity or commuter rail passenger transportation, a description of the resources identified and allocated to implement a positive train control system; 
level of safety’ means the compliance of a railroad carrier with— 
immediately prior to the use or implementation of such carrier’s positive train control system, except that such rules may be changed by such carrier to improve safe operations; and 
means a locomotive apparatus, a wayside interface unit (including any associated legacy signal system replacements), switch position monitors needed for a positive train control system, physical back office system equipment, a base station radio, a wayside radio, a locomotive radio, or a communication tower or pole.’’; and 
safety plan for each railroad carrier or other entity shall describe the safety measures, such as operating rules and actions to comply with applicable safety regulations, that will be put in place during any system failure. 
enactment of the Positive Train Control Enforcement and Implementation Act of 2015, the Secretary— 
cars not meeting DOT–117 or DOT–117R specifications on the date of enactment of this Act may be used, regardless of train composition, until the following enddates: 
products in Class 3 flammable service, including crude oil— 
Fed. Reg. 26643), other than the provisions of the final rule that are inconsistent with this section. 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘701. Multimodal freight policy ........ 70101 ‘‘702. Multimodal freight transportation planning and information 70201 
‘‘70101. National multimodal freight policy. ‘‘70102. National freight strategic plan. ‘‘70103. National Multimodal Freight Network. 
National Multimodal Freight Network to the economic competitiveness of the United States; 
support multiState corridor planning and the creation of multiState organizations to increase the ability of States to address multimodal freight connectivity; and 
impacts of freight movement on the National Multimodal Freight Network. 
National Multimodal Freight Network that create significant freight congestion, based on a quantitative methodology developed by the Secretary, which shall, at a minimum, include— 
an estimate of the cost of addressing each bottleneck and any operational improvements that could be implemented; 
improving the performance of the National Multimodal Freight Network; 
develop and update the national freight strategic plan in consultation with State departments of transportation, metropolitan planning organizations, and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary of Transportation shall establish the National Multimodal Freight Network in accordance with this section— 
that have total annual foreign and domestic trade of at least 2,000,000 short tons, as identified by the Waterborne Commerce Statistics Center of the Army Corps of Engineers, using the data from the latest year for which such data is available; 
Seaway, and coastal routes along which domestic freight is transported; 
States with the highest annual landed weight, as identified by the Federal Aviation Administration; and 
establish and update the National Multimodal Freight Network in consultation with State departments of transportation and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders. 
‘‘70201. State freight advisory committees. ‘‘70202. State freight plans. ‘‘70203. Data and tools. 
freight plan of the State described in section 70202. 
a freight plan that provides a comprehensive plan for the immediate and longrange planning activities and investments of the State with respect to freight. 
strategies, and performance measures that will guide the freightrelated transportation investment decisions of the State; 
by heavy vehicles (including mining, agricultural, energy cargo or equipment, and timber vehicles) is projected to substantially deteriorate the condition of roadways, a description of improvements that may be required to reduce or impede the deterioration; and 
mobility issues, such as truck bottlenecks, within the State, and a description of the strategies the State is employing to address those freight mobility issues. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall— 
of freightrelated and other transportation projects may consider safety, economic competitiveness, environmental sustainability, and system condition in the project selection process; and 
travel models and model data elements to support a broad range of evaluation methods and techniques to assist in making transportation investment decisions; and 
other relevant Federal agencies, consider any improvements to existing freight flow data collection efforts, including improved methods to standardize and manage the data, that could reduce identified freight data gaps and deficiencies and help improve forecasts of freight transportation demand. 
subtitles for title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to subtitle IX and inserting the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Transportation shall establish a National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau in the Department. 
headed by an Executive Director, who shall be appointed in the competitive service by the Secretary, with the approval of the President. 
and oversight of the daily activities, decisions, operations, and personnel of the Bureau; 
highway projects program under section 117 of title 23. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and 
Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that— 
evaluating applications and for utilizing the recommendations of the Council on Credit and Finance; 
latearriving applications, as applicable, and communicating the Bureau’s decisions for accepting or rejecting late applications to the applicant and the public; and 
‘‘(iii) document major decisions in the application evaluation process through a decision memorandum or similar mechanism that provides a clear rationale for such decisions. 
of the United States shall review the compliance of the Secretary with the requirements of this paragraph. 
General may make recommendations to the Secretary in order to improve compliance with the requirements of this paragraph. 
with the modal administrations within the Department, the States, and other public and private interests to develop and promote best practices for innovative financing and publicprivate partnerships. 
State and local governments that seek to leverage public and private funding; 
practices and case studies from State and local governments with other State and local governments that are interested in utilizing innovative financing methods; and 
clauses; and ‘‘(IV) other significant terms of publicprivate partnership procurements, as determined appropriate by the Bureau; 
‘‘(ii) standard contracts for the most common types of publicprivate partnerships for transportation facilities; and 
to aid State and local governments in determining the appropriate project delivery model, including a value for money analysis. 
project to undergo a value for money analysis or a comparable analysis prior to deciding to advance the project as a publicprivate partnership; 
‘‘(iii) not later than 3 years after the completion of the project, requiring the project sponsor of such project to conduct a review regarding whether the private partner is meeting the terms of the relevant public private partnership agreement for the project; and 
‘‘(iv) providing a publicly available summary of the total level of Federal assistance in such project; and 
paragraph that takes into consideration variations in State and local laws and requirements related to publicprivate partnerships. 
the request of a State or local government, the Bureau shall provide technical assistance to the State or local government regarding proposed publicprivate partnership agreements for transportation facilities, including assistance in performing a value for money analysis or comparable analysis. 
REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate a report that— 
such actions as are appropriate and consistent with the goals and policies set forth in this title and title 23, including with the concurrence of other Federal agencies as required under this title and title 23, to improve delivery timelines for projects. 
at Federal agencies to achieve innovative approaches to the permitting and review of projects; 
training to field and headquarters staff of Federal agencies on policy changes and innovative approaches to the delivery of projects; 
the request of a State or local government, the Bureau, in coordination with the other appropriate modal agencies within the Department, shall provide technical assistance with regard to the compliance of a project sponsored by the State or local government with the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act 1969 and relevant Federal environmental permits. 
Federal assistance over the life cycle of such project. 
to measure cost and delivery changes over the life cycle of a project; and 
types of project procurements, including designbidbuild, designbuild, and public private partnerships. 
may transfer to the Bureau funds allocated to any office that is eliminated or consolidated under this subsection to carry out the purposes of the Bureau. 
‘‘(ii) TRANSFER OF FUNDS ALLOCATED TO AD MINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary shall 
the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report that— 
section may be construed to abrogate the responsibilities of an agency, operating administration, or office within the Department otherwise charged by a law or regulation with other aspects of program administration, oversight, and project approval or implementation for the programs and projects subject to this section. 
the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau of the Department. 
‘multimodal project’ means a project involving the participation of more than one modal 
highway project, public transportation capital project, freight or passenger rail project, or multimodal project.’’. 
for such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: 
United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Transportation shall establish a Council on Credit and Finance in accordance with this section. 
may designate up to 3 additional officials of the Department to serve as atlarge members of the Council. 
of Transportation for Policy shall serve as the chairperson of the Council. 
Director of the National Surface Transportation and Innovative Finance Bureau shall serve as a nonvoting member of the Council. 
for such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
Johnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777c) is amended— 
each’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘for each fiscal year through fiscal year 2021, the Secretary’’; 
the end of the fiscal year.’’ and inserting ‘‘until the end of the subsequent fiscal year.’’; and 
DingellJohnson Sport Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777m) is amended— 
annual appropriation made in accordance with the provisions of section 3’’; and 
Fish Restoration Act (16 U.S.C. 777 et seq.) is amended— 
‘‘(ii) coordinating or carrying out the national recreational boating safety program under this title. 
ensure compliance with chapter 43 of this title; and 
conduct a survey of levels of recreational boating participation and related matters in the United States.’’; and 
‘‘On and after October 1, 2016, no funds’’; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . SHUSTER  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 77, strike lines 6 and 7 and insert the 
Page 218, line 12, insert ‘‘ propane, ’’ after 
stations,’’ after ‘‘hydrogen fueling stations,’’. Page 219, line 10, insert ‘‘stations’’ after 
‘‘151. National electric vehicle charging, hydrogen, propane, and natural gas fueling corridors.’’. 
Page 324, line 1, strike ‘‘ High visibility ’’ 
Page 393, line 23, add ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 537, line 15, before the period insert 
Page 543, line 11, strike ‘‘disclose’’ and insert ‘‘disclosure’’. 
Page 553, strike line 11 and all that follows 
Page 606, strike lines 5 through 12 and insert the following: 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and a Member 
manager’s amendment that I am offering makes technical and conforming changes to the Rules Committee Print. 
This amendment was developed in cooperation with Ranking Member DEFAZIO. So I would urge all Members to 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
& Technologies’’ refers to projects and programs that utilize innovative mobility technologies to provide alternatives to driving alone, including, but not limited to, carshare, Bikeshare, carpool/vanpool, transportation network companies, multimodal 
fare payment system, app based mobility providers, and other innovative projects. ’.’’. 
Page 53, line 3, strike the period and insert 
that have a demonstrated ability to reduce vehicle miles traveled or improve air quality as determined by the Secretary.’’. 
Page 241, strike lines 9 through 10 and insert the following: 
Oriented SharedUse Programs & Technologies’ refers to projects and programs that utilize innovative mobility technologies to better connect users with a transit system including, but not limited to, carshare, Bikeshare, carpool/vanpool, transportation network companies, multimodal fare payment system, app based mobility providers, and other innovative projects that help connect users to transit.’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) and a Member 
amendment with the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) that would 
make it easier for public entities to better utilize the benefits of new and innovative technologies to deliver more and better transportation outcomes. 
SCHWEIKERT , for cosponsoring this important amendment. I also thank the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ) 
for his work in the subcommittee on a similar issue. 
have revolutionized the way we travel. Our Federal transportation policies, however, must take advantage of these new technologies and shared programs to help reduce traffic congestion, help improve air quality, and better connect users with mass transportation options. 
make eligible projects and programs that utilize innovative mobility technologies to provide alternatives to driving alone under the Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality Improvement Program, also known as CMAQ, and the associated transit improvement program to better connect users to mass transit systems. 
the flexibility to choose how to better improve transportation outcomes under CMAQ and associated transit improvement programs can help spur innovation to create better results for 
transit users, ultimately allowing people to spend less time in their car and more time at home with their families. 
California’s 15th Congressional District, the East Bay, where traffic congestion is among the worst in our country, we need to give our States and local governments every opportunity to utilize new technologies and shared programs to reduce traffic. 
transit improvement programs, State and local entities are already able to partner with private companies. Why not include these new technologies and shared programs to achieve these goals? 
amendment does not mandate that any funding go to any entity, and this amendment does not increase Federal spending by a dime. 
amendment is well intended, the amendment would dilute the eligibilities currently available to States to combat congestion and air. 
We have not had adequate time to determine if there are any unintended consequences of providing eligibility for broadly expanding the eligibilities to include things like car share, bike share, and transportation network companies. 
Additionally, this amendment includes these new eligibilities in the associated transit improvement mandate. The mandate hurts local flexibility and could have serious unintended consequences. 
Our bill worked to reform this mandate. So I reluctantly urge all Members to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SWALWELL of California. Mr. 
States and local governments to partner with innovative technologies that best serve transit systems. For example, by explicitly including carsharing and bikesharing companies, like Lyft, a Californiabased company, we can both reduce congestion and improve air quality while ensuring people have access to mass transportation. 
Berkeley, there are 32 carsharing operators in the United States with over 1.1 million members and 16,754 vehicles. These carsharing and bikesharing examples are just a few of the many opportunities that would be explicitly available to States and local governments. 
Thirty cities have bikesharing systems with over 17,000 bikes available. In 2013, a survey of Capital Bikeshare here in the Capital City found that 
users drove 4.4 million fewer miles to access this program. 
these technologies and shared programs are already being implemented by cities across the country. Companies like Lyft and Uber are working in coordination with city governments to better connect workers to transit options. Lyft, for one, is now integrated in the Dallas Area Rapid Transit app, offering riders another option to start or end their transit trips. 
step toward using technology and shared programs to create a fully integrated transit system and improve its effectiveness. 
thank my friend from California and my fellow Members who I just pushed out of the way. 
a transportation bill. But if you look at an amendment like this, the understanding of what is coming at us technologywise, information, its ability to change how we look at moving ourselves, moving people, moving goods, moving freight, the amendment just basically directs the embracing of the information age and the opportunity that provides to actually deal with crowded roads, deal with congestion, and actually provide us some optionality out there. 
That is one of the reasons I stand behind this microphone and actually sort of stand behind my friend’s amendment. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . WALDEN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 67, strike lines 1 and 2 and insert the 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ) and a Member opposed 
in support of this bipartisan amendment, which clarifies the eligibility of projects within national scenic areas under the nationally significant freight and highway project section of this legislation. 
I thank Representatives JAIME HERRERA BEUTLER , EARLBLUMENAUER , and 
important amendment with me. I thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking 
Across the Nation, there are 12 national scenic areas in 8 States, including the Columbia River Gorge National Scenic Area, which is the largest scenic area in the United States. 
292,500 acres along 85 miles of the Columbia River in Oregon and Washington, encompassing 6 counties in 13 different communities and subjecting the area to unique land use development restrictions. Ninety percent of the scenic area is subject to strict land use and development restrictions, including 114,600 acres of special management area and 71,000 acres of national forestlands. 
Gorge provide tourist opportunities to thousands of visiting Americans from all across the country, this unique Federal involvement provides distinct challenges in promoting growth of the local economy while conserving natural beauty of the lands within the gorge. 
essential component to efficiently serve the interests of both local residents and visitors to the scenic area. 
transportation planning and improvement to major transportation elements. That would include things such as the Hood River interstate bridge and the Bridge of the Gods at Cascade Locks. Together these amount to 5.2 million bridge crossings each year and the transfer of $110 million in goods, but they are deteriorating and deficient, and they are in need of major improvements. In fact, one of the bridges, the Hood River interstate bridge, was recently hit by a barge, which has caused some consternation about the damage that may have occurred there. 
Clarifying the eligibility of the scenic areas throughout the Nation for transportation grant funding would help ensure that these areas are eligible for meaningful funding opportunities to enhance infrastructure within these unique federally managed areas. 
amendment to ensure that federally designated scenic areas like the Columbia River Gorge are eligible for these funds. 
I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), the coauthor of 
Chairman, I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, 
HERRERA BEUTLER , Congressman B LUMENAUER , and others who worked to 
get to a point where we all could come to common agreement on this. 
important program called the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program. This program establishes a competitive grant opportunity for States, for metropolitan planning organizations, and for local governments to the tune of over $740 million annually. 
fact that we have massive needs in transportation infrastructure that remain unaddressed. In my home city of Baton Rouge, you can see right here on this poster board, Mr. Chairman, that, for a midsized city, we have the worst traffic in the Nation. This is a snapshot of Google Maps taken just a few hours ago showing all the extraordinary traffic. 
where the interstate going from California to Florida drops down to one lane. It shouldn’t be a surprise to anyone that it is all red and shows extraordinarily backedup traffic. An average of 47 hours a year folks from this region sit in traffic. 
What this amendment does is it actually provides criteria for the United States Department of Transportation to consider when awarding grants under this competitive program. One of the criteria is ensuring mobility for addressing bottlenecks like this in substandard interstate systems to ensure the flow of traffic, to give back those 47 hours to the folks from the capital region of Louisiana so they can spend time with their families, so they can spend more time at work, so they can be more productive citizens, and so we can have lower emissions. 
Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for working with us on 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, although I am not opposed to the amendment, I ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition so I may comment. 
There was no objection. The CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
strongly support this amendment and both its objectives, the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects, under section 1111 of the rules, and the National Scenic Areas. I am quite familiar with the area mentioned by Representative WALDEN and the very scenic $1 tolled oneway Bridge of the Gods. It is a critical link. If it is not repaired or replaced, it is quite a long drive in either direction. This eligibility is potentially critical to getting Federal partnership in that project. There are other areas around the country which suffer from similar problems. I recommend this amendment to my colleagues. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I want 
to thank my colleague from southern Oregon. I appreciate his support and that of my other colleagues in the Northwest and the chairman of the committee. I would urge adoption of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
the following: ‘‘(to include, at a minimum, the total number of environmental reviews initiated through a notice of intent, the total average cost for environmental reviews to taxpayers and contractors, and the total average time it takes agencies to get from a notice of intent to publication of a final environmental review)’’. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed 
today to offer a commonsense amendment to this transportation bill. This simple amendment requires the Federal Government to start keeping track of costs and time required for an environmental review undertaken for transportation projects in the new online database established by this bill. 
Last year GAO released a comprehensive audit of NEPA and found that there is currently no system in place for the Federal Government to track such information. It defies common sense that the Federal Government has no idea how long environmental reviews take or how much these reviews actually cost taxpayers and job creators. 
While scant information on this matter is available, GAO was able to identify that, within the Department of Energy, the average cost paid for a NEPA review was $6.6 million and that, shockingly, some environmental reviews cost nearly $90 million. 
report issued by the National Association of Environmental Professionals released just last week found that: 
It took agencies an average of 1,709 days to 
get from a notice of intent, the first step in preparing an EIS, to publication of a final EIS. That is 4 days longer than the previous record set in 2013 and up from fewer than 1,200 days in 2000. 
work on construction projects. But the Federal Government can’t even verify or dispute that number because they don’t even track that information. These unnecessary delays would make Buzz Lightyear from ‘‘Toy Story’’ blush. His time mantra, ‘‘to infinity and beyond,’’ is inappropriate for NEPA. NEPA studies should not be allowed to linger in perpetuity. 
Contractors and folks in the construction industry are sitting on the sidelines losing time and money. Some have reported waiting as long as 10 years on environmental studies before beginning work. The current system fails to provide certainty, and the current bureaucracy associated with this process is killing jobs. 
doesn’t seem to care to track this information, these reports confirm what exasperated contractors and frustrated taxpayers have known for years: the average time it takes to conduct an environmental review is growing. Each year more than a month is added to the average time it takes to complete these studies. 
My amendment will increase transparency for this process by requiring the Federal Government to start keeping track of the time, cost, and number of environmental studies conducted for transportation projects. 
commonsense step that a government accountable to the people should take to show proper stewardship of the public’s dollar, time, and resources. If you support government accountability and transparency, you should support this amendment. 
member for their tireless efforts to find a longterm transportation solution. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
The CHAIR. The gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
still in the process of implementing environmental streamlining from MAP– 21, and yet this bill contains additional environmental streamlining that I 
think will yield great results. We already have an accountability section at DOT with the Dashboard, and I would argue, given the fact that another section of this bill does further environmental streamlining on top of that which is still pending to be implemented, that it is unnecessary and, in fact, would be perhaps contradictory to the intent of the gentleman because of the time involved. It would essentially be like a billing in the private sector where every 15 minutes you are writing down that you had to call this agency to talk about this or you had to review this letter or this document, and that is attributable to the environmental review versus some other part of the review. I think it would be problematic. 
amendment and to support the bill because of the environmental streamlining that is in there. Let that environmental streamlining take effect; and a year or two down the road, if we feel that there are unaccountable delays, then we can look at ways to track that better. 
ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment in the fact that transparency doesn’t hurt anybody. We need to look back at the process, and that should be for everybody—for the taxpayer, for the construction companies, for the States in which this is occurring. Transparency will show it all and leave nothing behind. It is great to implement this at the start of the process, not later on in the implementation. That is where common sense beleaguers me. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I would 
urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment as it is unnecessary and, actually, time consuming, given the environmental streamlining in the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . BABIN  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN) and a Member opposed 
like to begin by thanking Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIOand their staffs for their cooperation and assistance in moving this amendment forward. I would also like to thank the commissioners and the staff of the Texas Department of Transportation. 
I insert in the RECORD a letter of support for these efforts from Retired Lieutenant General Joe Weber. 
Transportation (TxDOT) is supportive of Congressional action to enhance the highway system in Texas and designate additional portions of that system as high priority corridors and future interstates. 
with affected communities and interested parties along the Central Texas Corridor and U.S. 190, which is proposed to be a future section of the interstate 14 corridor. The route is important for eastwest connectivity within the state and provides an important link to military facilities, to metropolitan areas, and Texas’ existing and future interstate system. 
contact me or your staff may contact Melissa Meyer in the TxDOT Federal Affairs Section. 
Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I am honored to offer on behalf of my State of Texas, our military, and all Americans this amendment to designate the central Texas corridor as the first segment of what I truly believe will be America’s next great highway, Interstate 14. 
As Supreme Allied Commander of Europe, General Dwight D. Eisenhower understood the critical importance of a reliable system of highspeed, highcapacity roadways to move across great distances the hardware and personnel that a modern military requires. 
Eisenhower applied these same principles to his domestic agenda with his championing of the Interstate Highway System. This allows our military to maintain maximum effectiveness and readiness, both in times of peace and in times of crisis. But even President Eisenhower could not have foreseen the incredible impact that the interstate system has had for almost every American family and business on a daily basis. Congress should not be in the business of designating a new interstate just because it can. A new interstate should truly serve the national interests on a number of levels. I am pleased to say, though, that the proposal of I– 14 does not just meet these requirements; it far exceeds them. There is a reason this interstate already has a nickname, ‘‘Forts to Ports,’’ as it provides either direct or very close access for some of our country’s most strategically important military and shipping assets. 
I want to be very clear to my colleagues that this amendment that I am offering today only impacts my State of Texas and is just the first step in a long process for establishing a new interstate highway. Even one that builds upon many roadways that are already interstate grade is no small task. It requires buyin from all the States involved, and the Interstate 14 coalition is working to get the consensus and the support that we have in Texas from all of these State DOTs and other stakeholders. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
my friend and colleague, a strong supporter of this amendment and former member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure whose work in years past on this issue has helped lead us to where we are today. 
today in support of Mr. BABIN’s amendment to designate 30 miles of existing freeway from Copperas Cove, Texas, to I–35 in Belton as U.S. Interstate 14. 
As the Texas Department of Transportation has previously acknowledged, the route is important for east west connectivity and provides an important link to military facilities, metropolitan areas, and Texas’ existing and future interstate systems. 
Nation’s largest military bases: Fort Bliss and Fort Hood. U.S. 190, the freeway from the front gate of Fort Hood to I–35 is already at interstate standards. 
Mr. Chairman, we are seeking Federal statutory designation as a high priority corridor and future interstate highway in order to save travel time, make this route the heart of a connector for freight, and link Army installations and strategic ports. 
In God we trust. Mr. BABIN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MASSIE  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
STATIONS IN PARKING AREAS USED BY FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .— 
General Services may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in a parking area that is in the custody, control, or administrative jurisdiction of the General Services Administration for the use of only privately owned vehicles of employees of the General Services Administration, tenant Federal agencies, and others who are authorized to park in such area to the extent such use by only privately owned vehicles does not interfere with or impede access to the equipment by Federal fleet vehicles. 
General Services may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in a parking area that is in the custody, control, or administrative jurisdiction of another Federal agency, at the request of such agency, or delegate such authority to another Federal agency to the extent such use by only privately owned vehicles does not interfere with or impede access to the equipment by Federal fleet vehicles. 
Any fees collected by the Administrator of General Services or the Federal agency, as the case may be, under this paragraph shall be— 
the credit of the respective agency’s appropriations account for the operations of the building where the battery recharging station is located; and 
HOUSE AND SENATE .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to affect the installation, construction, operation, or maintenance of battery recharging stations by the Architect of the Capitol— 
relating to employees of the Senate and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Senate on the Capitol Grounds. 
Nothing in this subsection may be construed as repealing or limiting any existing authorities of a Federal agency to install, construct, operate, or maintain battery recharging stations. 
than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for 10 years, the Administrator of General Services shall submit to the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works a report describing— 
apply with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chair, I am honored to offer this amendment today with my Democrat colleagues from California, Ms. LOFGREN and Ms. 
General Services Administration, or the GSA, to construct, install, and operate electric vehicle charging stations for private vehicle use at Federal facilities at no cost to the taxpayer. 
with broad bipartisan support to allow Members of Congress and their staff to access EV charging stations on Capitol grounds for a fee. Federal agencies currently lack the authority to install and operate electric vehicle charging stations. So Federal employees are unable to charge their electric vehicles while at work. 
pleased that we are considering this amendment today. In fact, the genesis of this idea came to me in a constituent letter in February 2014. I was contacted by a constituent who works at a local Federal facility who was surprised and dismayed that he was unable to charge his electric car at work. 
We found that, due to a quirk in the 
reading of current law, Federal agencies were prevented from providing EV charging facilities for personal use by their employees. 
Thanks to this constituent’s suggestions, I introduced a bill last Congress, the EVCOMUTE Act, to allow Federal agencies to provide charging stations for their employees at no cost to the 
MASSIE and Ms. E SHOO , for joining me 
in this effort, both as cosponsors of the EVCOMUTE and of this amendment. 
This story is a great example of democracy at work and the power of citizen participation in generating ideas. After two Congresses of introducing the EVCOMUTE, I am happy to support this amendment here today. 
that will make Federal workplaces more efficient, flexible, and innovative by allowing the GSA to install and operate electric car charging stations at Federal facilities for use by employees at no cost to the taxpayer, fully covered by user fees. 
and their staff choose to drive an electric vehicle to work at the U.S. Capitol, we have the option to pay a fee to plug in our vehicle so that it will be fully charged and ready to go when we leave. But our constituents that work at Federal agencies outside the Capitol don’t have the option. 
My district in Silicon Valley continues to lead in advancing innovation in the EV charging industry. Yet, nearly 5,000 Federal employees in my district do not have access to charging facilities at work. 
recharging at the U.S. Capitol complex with strong bipartisan support in the House and Senate. This amendment corrects the disparity and allows Federal employees more choices in how they commute; gives the GSA and agencies flexibility on whether to provide charging, how to provide it, including through contractors; improves air quality while reducing reliance on foreign oil; and does so at no cost to the taxpayer. 
amendment to expand workplace charging and transportation options. I thank Mr. MASSIE for being my partner 
companies are leading the world in development of electric vehicle technology. All we are asking for in this amendment is to enable the infrastructure to be built at no cost to the taxpayer. 
charging stations will give Federal employees enhanced flexibility in purchasing vehicles and more options in their commute. The construction, installation, and operation of the charging stations would be covered by user fees. So taxpayers would incur no cost. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chair, this amendment 
makes a very simple change to existing law that will allow federal employees to plug in their electric vehicles at work. 
I was surprised to learn last year that my 
(EV) at their workplace. As the nation’s largest employer, the federal government should lead by example in terms of offering workplace charging. However, a quirk in existing law prohibits federal agencies from constructing charging stations or even entering into contracts with third parties to build charging infrastructure. 
federal government to install EV charging stations at federal facilities. It is based on the text of the bipartisan H.R. 3509, which I introduced together with Representatives MASSIE , LOFGREN , and W OODALL , and it was recently approved by the Energy and Commerce Committee by voice vote as an amendment to H.R. 8. 
contain any mandates or new spending, it simply allows federal agencies to offer EV charging stations and charge a fee for their use. The amendment is modeled after a successful initiative here at the U.S. Capitol. It requires stations to be installed and operated with funds collected from the use of the stations. This small but commonsense change to the law will ensure the U.S. remains a leader in clean energy deployment and would expand transportation options for many of our constituents at no cost to the taxpayer. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. MASSIE ). 
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 8 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Add at the end of subtitle D of title I of division A the following new section: 
shall encourage the use of durable, resilient, and sustainable materials and practices, including the use of geosynthetic materials and other innovative technologies, in carrying out the activities of the Federal Highway Administration. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise in support of this amendment, which will support the geosynthetic materials industry in this country. 
My amendment encourages the Federal Highway Administration to use geosynthetic material. Similar language, Mr. Chairman, encouraging the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was in the WRRDA bill and has been passed into law. 
geosynthetics are a family of civil engineering solutions used in our national infrastructure. Since their introduction in the 1960s, geosynthetics are a proven versatile and costeffective roadway reinforcement solution to our transportation needs. 
all areas of civil and environmental engineering. This is a complementary material to traditional roadway and provides an alternative to traditional methods. 
If I may, the cost savings are tremendous. Geosynthetics are less costly to produce, transport, and install than comparable products and involves cost savings to the United States taxpayer. 
of the roadway have been proven with geosynthetic use. In addition, they have rapid construction and deployment. It is very flexible and quick to employ, including in inclement weather. 
American jobs amendment. Over 40 manufacturers in North America produce geosynthetic materials. Also, 13,200 American jobs are involved in this. It is costeffective, and it increases American jobs. This is something Members from both sides of the aisle support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
measures to encourage States to build smart or rightsize projects for practical design, and this amendment complements those efforts. 
geosynthetic materials, which the Federal Highway Administration has been promoting to speed up and reduce the cost of bridge construction as part of its Every Day Counts initiative. 
Use of geosynthetic fabrics to reinforce soil can reduce erosion at the point where bridge and road meet, which reduces maintenance costs and provides environmental benefits. 
that we are able to stretch the limited dollars we have to make meaningful improvements to our roads and bridges. It is a meritorious amendment by the gentleman. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. I want to thank 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . GIBBS  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
evaluate the methods in which States procure culvert and storm sewer materials and the impact of those methods on project costs, including the extent to which such methods take into account environmental principles, engineering principles, and the varying needs of projects based on geographic location. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS) and a Member opposed each 
amendment with my colleague from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) to study 
have been subject to a unique procurement process in recent years. In previous legislation, SAFETEALU, States were instructed to provide for competition in culvert procurement similar to the process for other construction materials used in highway projects. In MAP–21, States were given full autonomy, accounting for engineering principles. 
Secretary of Transportation to study methods used by States to procure culvert and storm sewer materials and report their findings to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. This study will enable us to better understand how costs, environmental and engineering principles, and other unique factors impact the States’ procurement process. 
certainly want to thank my colleague, Mr. GIBBS, for introducing this very 
I do strongly support this amendment that requests a DOT study regarding the federally funded materials used by the States for culvert and stormwater pipes. 
This issue was brought to my attention in my area in Los Angeles by companies that were being forced out of competition for federally funded transportation projects. The States were having a little problem and were the local governments that solesourced materials. 
be allowed to have open and fair competition on the best products available for use in these sewer and culvert systems. 
happy to cosponsor, requires the Department again to study and report to Congress on these materials in order to ensure that taxpayer funds are being spent in a most costeffective and efficient way. 
thank him for allowing me to cooffer this amendment. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GIBSON  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, insert the following new section: 
The Secretary shall develop a comprehensive strategy to address structurally deficient and functionally obsolete bridges, as defined by the National Bridge Inventory, to identify the unique challenges posed by bridges in each of these respective categories, and to address such separate challenges and improve the condition of such bridges. Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transmit a report containing initial recommendations to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. Not later than 1 year after such date of enactment, the Secretary shall transmit to such committees the final strategy required by this section. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today in support of an amendment I offered along with my fellow colleagues from New York, Representative SEAN 
improve the safety of bridges across New York State and, indeed, across the Nation. 
national bridges are in desperate need of repair. In New York, this is especially true. In 2015, the American Society of Civil Engineers graded New York’s network of bridges as a dismal Dplus. New York ranks second worst in the Nation in functionally obsolete bridges and 12th worst when it comes to structurally deficient bridges. 
York. Across the Nation, more than one in nine bridges are graded as structurally deficient, and more than 84,000 functionally obsolete bridges are still in use. 
something positive and constructive about it by directing the DOT to develop a strategy to address structurally deficient and functionally obsolete bridges. 
different policy solutions but too often they are treated the same. By requiring this strategy, we will allow for effective oversight by the people through their Representatives here in the U.S. House. 
strong work in the committee. I urge support of this amendment so we can develop a strategy to address the quality of bridges across this Nation which will help keep our people safe and help strengthen our economy. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
work here in pointing out the problem with our bridges, not just in New York, but nationwide, 147,000 deficient bridges. In fact, as one of the few Democrats who opposed the socalled stimulus bill, I said at the time we would have been better served had we invested that money in projects, real projects, as opposed to tax cuts. 
a plan to rebuild all of the deficient bridges in America, put a million or so people to work, and solve a longterm problem. That wasn’t to be, but this brings new focus to the issue, and, hopefully, we will get around to dealing with this issue in the near future with the information to be gleaned from this report. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. GIBSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MR . GUINTA  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report that describes the cost to the Federal Highway Administration of compliance with Federal statutes and regulations as a percentage of the overall spending by such Administration. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 507, the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ) and a Member 
today in support of my amendment to the bipartisan Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act. 
highway projects all across America. The underlying bill we are discussing today provides both muchneeded Federal funding, but also necessary long term certainty for planning transportation projects. 
maintaining our current roads and highways, improving our infrastructure, and creating new infrastructure across the country, something that is especially important for many rural areas like those in the Granite State. But like many projects that use taxpayer dollars, burdensome regulations and inefficiencies often drive up the cost of projects and cause delays in the final project. 
require the Government Accountability Office to conduct a study to understand the purchasing power of the Federal highway dollars and quantify the things that weaken it, such as these burdensome regulations. 
budgetary constraints, we should be examining how each and every dollar is being spent. Granite Staters sent me to Washington to shed light on how we spend their tax dollars, and this amendment achieves just that. 
projects are beneficial and necessary for millions of Americans, but even the necessary and important projects should have proper oversight. It is just simply about good government. 
how to stretch a dollar, and it should be no different for the Federal Government. This amendment allows us to identify the true cost of infrastructure projects. We should be doing all we can to ensure our tax dollars are being spent wisely and efficiently so these projects are completed on time and on budget. 
ranking member, and I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
that regulations often need scrutiny and revision and sometimes elimination, but this bill undertakes a good deal of streamlining, both in the environmental area and in other processes. 
So, if we were to go down the road of 
a study looking at these programs, I would say a study that is a little broader, which would look at both the costs and benefits of regulation, would be useful. I don’t think this onesided study would be particularly useful. 
If we want to understand the purchasing power of our highway dollars, we only need to look at the fact that Congress has failed to increase the gas tax since 1993, during which time the purchasing power, due to inflation and construction costs, has diminished by a good 40 percent or more. Whether or not we will be allowed to take action on significant revenues under this bill is still being deliberated upstairs in the Rules Committee with amendments that might or might not be allowed to be offered. 
I urge opposition to the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Hampshire (Mr. GUINTA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA  
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following new section: 
It is the sense of Congress that the Nation’s engineering industry continues to provide critical technical expertise, innovation, and local knowledge to Federal and State agencies in order to efficiently deliver surface transportation projects to the public, and Congress recognizes the valuable contributions made by the Nation’s engineering industry and urges the Secretary to reinforce those partnerships by encouraging State and local agencies to take full advantage of engineering industry capabilities to strengthen project performance, improve domestic competitiveness, and create jobs. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ) and a 
bipartisan amendment presents a simple, nonbinding sense of Congress recognizing the value of private sector engineering services in delivering road, 
bridge, and public transportation projects of all natures. Nearly identical language was included in the Water Resources Reform and Development Act last year, which we adopted with overwhelming support on both sides of the aisle. 
our districts play an important role in partnering with State and local agencies to deliver transportation projects. Just as States use private contractors to build roads and bridges, they utilize private engineering companies to design them. 
private engineering firms, some States do not take advantage of the services and expertise available. Local firms are essentially shut out from competing for federally funded projects. 
to balancing private and public sector engineering expertise. But let me be clear: This amendment is not about privatization; it is about options. 
argue that we must have trained and experienced engineers within the DOTs to manage, design, and oversee the many programs. This is about encouraging States to strike the balance that works best for them. Collaboration between public and private engineers is essential in delivering the highest quality and most costeffective projects. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to the amendment because it does encourage State DOTs to utilize the private sector for engineering and design services. The States deserve that flexibility to decide whether it is more cost effective and efficient to utilize their own staff or to contract with the private sector to deliver such transportation projects. 
encourage outsourcing and will waste already scarce transportation dollars. Countless studies from across the Nation confirm that outsourcing engineering and design services on transportation projects is more expensive than using publicly owned engineers and does not speed up project delivery. 
$237,000 per outsourced engineer per year, compared to $116,000 per State employed engineer, according to the 2014 State budget. 
outsourced engineer per year, compared to $82,364 for a Stateemployed engineer, according to the consulting firm contracted by the State in 2014 to recommend costsavings measures. 
15 percent if it brought in more in house engineers. Colorado DOT also studied the issue, 
and they saved 29 percent by bringing the engineering and design services in house. 
law would be a first step toward incentivizing, or even mandating, the use of private sector for engineering and design services. 
States should be allowed to use public engineers if they believe that the public engineers are the most effective at, one, protecting the public interest, and two, ensuring public safety. 
I would like to mention that the professional engineers in California and the Governor are opposed, as are the transportation trades. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HANNA. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ), the chairman of the full 
Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gentleman, and I support this bipartisan amendment. 
on the value of utilizing private sector engineering and design services for enhanced project delivery, so I commend Mr. HANNA and Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
WRRDA last year, so I urge all Members to support this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . MULLIN  
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A of the bill, insert the following: 
be undertaken to minimize or mitigate significant adverse impacts on the population of that species; 
(iii) the time period during which activities will be carried out that will result in the taking of that species; and 
(iv) an estimate of the number of birds, by 
to be consistent with treaties relating to migratory birds that protect swallow species occurring in the United States. 
Secretary of the Interior may suspend that authority through publication in the Federal Register. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ) and a 
today to offer an amendment that is critical to the safety of our traveling public. 
day across failing bridges in the United States. This is unacceptable. We need to make sure repairs are made in a timely and efficient manner so human lives can be protected. We can start by removing unnecessary and overly burdensome barriers to maintenance. 
want to call them, nest under bridges, sometimes in the thousands. Their nesting period can last from April to August, which is prime construction season. These birds are not endangered, but they are protected under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. Because of this law, the birds cannot be disturbed, and State Departments of Transportation must develop plans for dealing with the birds in every bridge maintenance, repair, rehab, or replacement project. 
Because these plans are so burdensome, contractors often delay their work until after the nesting period so they don’t have to risk violating the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and face Federal prosecution. Delaying the work puts the safety of the traveling 
work to be done, despite the presence of swallows, if the bridge has a condition rating of 3 or less until the issue is addressed by the Department of the Interior. A condition rating of 3 means that the bridge is in serious need of repair: sections can be lost, the primary structural components have been damaged, and there are cracks in the steel or concrete. 
My amendment also directs the Secretary of the Interior to start the process for developing a rule to allow for the bridge work under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. This amendment has already been negotiated and included in the Senate’s DRIVE Act. 
that puts the safety of the public first, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chair, I 
rise in opposition to this amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
enacted in 1918, makes it unlawful to take, kill, or capture any migratory bird. This landmark legislation is the product of treaties with Canada, with Mexico, and with Japan, and is credited with protecting over 800 species of endangered birds. 
that it is a waiver of the Migratory Bird Treaty Act solely for emergency situations. However, the amendment is overly broad and would act as a blanket waiver to allow the taking of swallows for any bridge construction, any repair, or any maintenance without a permit if certain conditions are met. 
As a waiver process already exists allowing for the taking of the migratory birds in emergency situations, I cannot support this amendment. I ask my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. 
Mr. MULLIN. Madam Chair, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A, add the following: 
is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
vehicle does not exceed 20,000 pounds, including enforcement tolerances; 
vehicle does not exceed 34,000 pounds, including enforcement tolerances; 
axles on the vehicle does not exceed 45,000 pounds, including enforcement tolerances; 
other provision of this section or another Federal law; or 
vehicle that may operate under any other provision of this section or another Federal law. 
may implement this subsection by any means, including statute or rule of general applicability, by special permit, or otherwise. 
issue such regulations as are necessary to require a vehicle operating pursuant to this subsection to include 1 item of additional equipment not otherwise required by law. The Secretary may issue such regulations only if the equipment item to be required is available at the time a rule is proposed. 
issue regulations pursuant to this paragraph applies only to a rule that is published as a final rule in the Federal Register not later than the date that is 6 months after the date of enactment of this subsection. 
the State, including routes not on the Interstate System, on which the State so authorizes such vehicles to operate; 
weight limit applicable to such vehicles so authorized and of any operating requirements applicable to such vehicles that are in addition to requirements applicable to all commercial motor vehicles; 
in the State involving such vehicles so authorized on the Interstate System, the number of such crashes involving fatalities, and the number of such crashes involving non fatal injuries; 
the Interstate System in the State by such vehicles so authorized; and 
vehicle weight of a vehicle operating pursuant to the authority of this subsection at the time of a crash, as the Secretary and the State jointly determine necessary. 
not apply to motor vehicles operating on the Interstate System solely under the authority provided by this subsection.’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) and a 
in the RECORD a letter dated last Friday, October 30, from the Federal Highway Administration. This letter states that the configuration I am proposing today is compliant with the federal bridge formula. 
Rogoff, Under Secretary for the Department of Transportation, to Chairman SHUSTER . 
to provide a technical correction to my letter of April 24 (copy enclosed) which responded to your inquiry regarding the Comprehensive Truck Size and Weight Limits Study (CTSWLS) required by Section 32801 of the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st 
91,000pound gross vehicle weight sixaxle configuration under analysis as part of the CTSWLS is in compliance with the Federal bridge formula set forth in 23 U.S.C. 127. The Federal Highway Administration recently revisited the question of whether the 91,000 pound, sixaxle configuration used in the CTSWLS was in compliance with the Federal bridge formula (FBF). 
configuration met the FBF, which was our understanding at the time of the CTSWLS based on a review of three standard tests of weight and axle spacing. However, we have discovered that the placement of axles and loading of the tridem for the specific type studied in the CTSWLS did not meet a fourth test for compliance. There is more than one way to design and load a sixaxle vehicle; the variations can affect whether the vehicle is fully FBFcompliant. In order for a vehicle to meet all tests of the FBF and be designed for safe and practical operation, the maximum tridem axle weight would need to be not more than 45,000 pounds in conjunction with 12foot spacing between the 4th and 6th axles. 
of your original letter. If you have additional questions about the Study, please contact Mr. David Kim of the Federal Highway Administration. 
U.S. D EPARTMENT OF TRANSPOR TATION , OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
DEARCHAIRMAN SHUSTER : The U.S. Department of Transportation is releasing for public comment and peer review the technical reports of the Federal Highway Administration’s (FHWA) comprehensive study of certain safety, infrastructure, and efficiency impacts surrounding potential changes to the Federal truck size and weight (TS&W) limits. This study is required by the Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century Act (MAP–21; P.L. 112–141, §32801) which dictated very precise parameters for the study’s scope. The FHWA will consider any comments from the peer review of the study to be conducted by the Transportation Research Board (TRB) and the public for the final report that we expect to deliver to Congress later this year. 
the latest modeling techniques in the areas of truck stability and control performance as well as in bridge and pavement structural impacts. It also featured the firstever accounting of violations and citations by truck configuration in a study of this kind. Even so, the research also revealed very significant data limitations that severely hampered FHWA’s efforts to conclusively study the effects of the size and weight of various truck configurations. These limitations are discussed below. 
Among the data issues is the lack of descriptive information in crash reports involving trucks—especially the weight of the vehicle at the time of an incident—which undermines our ability to conduct adequate highway safety and truck crash analyses. So, while FHWA was able to identify significantly higher crash rates in sixaxle trucks compared to fiveaxle trucks in the State of Washington, the lack of available and consistently reported data from other states prevented the Department from drawing national conclusions on the crash rates of this and other truck configurations. We also were constrained in fully accounting for modal shift of freight traffic to short line and regional railroads due to the absence of publicly available data in this area. Our modeling did suggest one potentially important finding: that the expected Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) reductions that might result from heavier or larger trucks would be relatively small, resulting in little noticeable impact to real freight VMT. 
Other data limitations, which are fully explored in the attached technical studies, include: 
crash reporting, which prevents us from knowing whether trucks were fully loaded, at legal capacity for their axle configurations, had unevenly distributed weight, or were running overweight prior to a crash. 
predict bridge deck deterioration over time, which makes it difficult to extrapolate long term maintenance costs over time. 
Difficulty separating truck weight enforcement program costs from overall truck safety enforcement costs. 
TRB’s April 2014 peer review report acknowledged weaknesses in the available methods and data; however and notably, the TRB panel was not able to identify better modeling approaches or data sets that FHWA could employ. Additionally, a 2000 FHWA ‘‘Comprehensive Truck Size and Weight’’ report also identified many of these same insufficiencies. 
public and subject matter experts, including members of academia in an effort to overcome these limitations and provide expertise and objective analysis. We held several public meetings and webinars to solicit feedback on the data, methodology, and prior work, as well as to share the status of the study effort. Additionally, we made information on the project plans available on our website, and invited comments from the public. We used only data available to the public to maximize the transparency of the Department’s work. Despite our efforts, these data weaknesses could not be overcome as the study progressed. The study will now be subjected to peer review and public comment. At this time, the Department believes that the current data limitations are so profound that the results cannot accurately be extrapolated to predict national impacts. As such, the Department believes that no changes in the relevant truck size and weight laws and regulations should be considered until these data limitations are overcome. 
To make a genuine, measurable improvement in the knowledge needed for these study areas, a more robust study effort should start with the design of a research program that can identify the areas, mechanisms and practices needed to establish new data sets and models to advance the state of practice. This research plan could be developed by an expert panel, such as the TRB, and should include a realistic estimation of timelines and costs. 
As stated above, we are providing the technical reports from the study effort for peer review and public comment. FHWA will provide you with a final report once it incorporates these additional observations into the Study. In addition to the technical reports, attached is a summary sheet of the steps with the findings of this study. 
facing a capacity crunch in the United States today. Overall freight tonnage is projected to increase by 25 percent over the next decade. Our Federal truck weight policy is two decades old, and it must be updated if we are going to stay competitive with our trading partners, especially those in this hemisphere. 
States the option of increasing truck weight limits on their interstate highways from 80,000 pounds to 91,000 pounds if those trucks add a sixth axle. I want to remind everyone it is an option, not a mandate, and it does not govern weight limits on State and local roads. 
Twentyfive of the 50 States, including my home State of Wisconsin, already allow heavier trucks on their State or local roads. So here we have an opportunity to move those trucks over to the interstate system, the safest place for trucks to travel. 
heavier trucks are forced to share smaller roads with moms and dads driving to work or taking their kids to school rather than on the interstate where they belong. 
The U.S. Department of Transportation found numerous safety and efficiency benefits for this configuration in their technical report of its truck size and weight study. Four main findings of the DOT report are, first, a 91,000pound, sixaxle truck would actually stop faster than trucks currently allowed on the highways; second, this configuration would reduce lifecycle pavement costs by up to 4 percent relative to trucks currently on the road; third, this configuration would reduce truck vehicle miles traveled and would lead to reduced fuel costs and carbon dioxide emissions. 
Finally, Madam Chairman, this configuration would result in no additional onetime rehabilitation costs for bridges on the Interstate Highway System. I repeat, no additional onetime rehab costs for the interstate system bridges. 
vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment to support transportation safety and efficiency. 
all well and good, but that presumes that moms, dads, and kids don’t use the Interstate Highway System to go to school. Well, in my district they do, and especially in urban districts they do. 
long trucks, what are we talking about? We are talking about a 14 percent increase in weight in a truck that is up to 100 feet long. Now, if you want your moms, dads, 
and kids to be driving next to them, that is your prerogative in your State. I don’t want them in my State, and that is up to us. As a Member of Congress, I don’t want them on the Interstate Highway System. 
By the way, if we are going to talk 
about the DOT study, let’s be sure we understand the conclusion of that study, which basically says, ‘‘At this time, the Department believes that the current data limitations are so profound that the results cannot accurately be extrapolated to predict national impacts. As such, the Department believes that no changes in the relevant truck size and weight laws and regulations should be considered.’’ 
have to understand who else is with us who opposes this at this time. The National Troopers Association, the National Sheriffs’ Association, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, the National Association of Police Organizations, the AAA organization, the United States Conference of Mayors, the Advocates for Auto Safety, and the Teamsters Union. 
for themselves who is on the side of safety and who is not on the side of safety. I hope that this amendment is not adopted. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentleman from Massachusetts’ comments, although my amendment doesn’t address truck size whatsoever. My amendment doesn’t include any change in configuration to the truck size. It does take existing truck sizes, and it requires the additional axle to that. 
I also find it a tad bit striking that 
someone from Massachusetts would be challenging a 91,000pound truck weight when their own State allows 99,000 pounds on State roads and county roads in certain types of trucks. 
having those trucks driving on a two lane highway, is to get them on a separated highway where everyone is moving in the same direction and moving them off of the smaller roads. 
policy recommendations. What the gentleman from Massachusetts just referred to was a cover letter on the study, but not the study itself. I am referring to the actual study. 
study came to the conclusions that I mentioned before. I’m not speaking of a political cover letter by the administration who opposes this. 
organizations that support my amendment, there are over 80 of those. We could go on and on, but time does not allow. 
my amendment is compliant with the Federal Bridge Formula. I would also 
note that my amendment gives the DOT the flexibility to prevent the operation of heavier trucks on certain roads if DOT determines that there is a safety risk. It also allows the States to opt out. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ). 
rise today to strongly oppose the amendment. This is bad policy because our local communities cannot afford to spend billions in new damages to our local roads and bridges. 
mayors, cities, and counties in opposition. When heavy trucks get off the highway to fuel up their tanks or to make their deliveries, they end up on roads and bridges paid for by the counties, the cities, and the States. 
bridges are structurally deficient, and a majority of these are locally owned. In Pennsylvania alone, we have over 5,000 structurally deficient bridges. It doesn’t matter how many axles are on that truck. 
worked in the construction industry building roads and bridges. A local street only has a few inches of asphalt while the interstates have over a foot of concrete. Our local roads are not designed for the increased damage, and our local communities cannot afford billions in new maintenance costs. 
it is indefensible. It is wrong to force our mayors and county commissioners to subsidize this special perk, a perk that many truck drivers are afraid to take on. This weight increase is strongly opposed by truck drivers and companies. 
such as braking problems and increased crash rates. That is why I stand with the troopers, the sheriffs, and the first responders. Please vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), my friend. 
rise in opposition to the Ribble amendment to allow heavier and bigger trucks on the Nation’s highways. 
bill, proponents of bigger trucks on behalf of certain industries try to weaken 
place to protect the safety of the traveling public and to reduce wear and tear on the highways. 
billion backlog of investment needs on highways and bridges, including $480 billion in critical repair work. The underlying bill does not provide any increase in funding. If this amendment passes, heavier trucks will further damage our roadways and add to the backlog, burdening our transportation agencies. 
increase in truck weight, we required DOT to conduct a study. The DOT found there is insufficient data to support an increase in truck size or weight. But we do know that bigger trucks are damaging and dangerous. 
pound trucks would damage thousands of bridges and divert more than 2
1⁄2million tons of freight from rail to truck, further congesting our roadways, further damaging our roadways, and further contaminating our air, since trucks are three times less energy efficient and more emissionspolluting than rail. 
trucks aren’t safe. In 2013, there were over 134,000 accidents involving large trucks, resulting in 4,000 fatalities. The DOT study found that 91,000pound trucks resulted in a 47 percent higher crash rate when compared to 80,000 pound trucks in State testing. 
That is why the public is overwhelmingly opposed to bigger trucks. That is why the National Association of Police Organizations, the National Sheriffs’ Association, and other law enforcement organizations oppose this proposed increase in truck weight. That is why we should oppose this increase in truck weight and this amendment. 
Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, in response to the gentleman from Pennsylvania earlier, Pennsylvania doesn’t have to adopt this policy. It is totally optional for that State to do so. 
I find it interesting that the gentleman from New York is concerned about this while the State of New York already allows these heavier trucks on their roads in their State, as does the State of Wisconsin. 
configuration would actually reduce lifecycle payment costs. That is in the study by the scientists, not the cover letter. 
States already are running these heavier trucks. All my bill would do is allow them to move toward the interstate system. 
just two points. I think everything has been said. I do want to add that I have been informed that the independent owners and operators of trucking, which represents 90 percent of the owners of trucks in this country, oppose this bill. This bill will help only the largest 
truckers in the company. It will hurt the little guy. It will hurt the drivers of trucks. It will put my family and other families in danger for virtually no advancement in the economy. 
desire. I know that some States have done it. And, God forbid, if they have done it, that is their prerogative. But they are the ones who are going to have to answer to their increased deaths and damages on the highways. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RIBBLE. Madam Chair, I will 
wrap this up. I appreciate this debate. I will say this: I am not interested in whether truckers make more money or rails make more money. 
that has to pay higher prices for food, for clothing, for goods and services, and for electricity because of this weight restriction. 
that already are allowing these trucks—25 of them—but we can’t drive them on the interstate system, which makes no sense whatsoever. 
any State can choose not to do this if they don’t want to. This would just allow the ones that would like to be able to do that. It is in full compliance with the study. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
support of the RibbleSchraderRouzerPeterson amendment that would give states the option of allowing more productive trucks on the road if they are equipped with a sixthaxle. 
that farmers will be able to get their harvest to market more efficiently, with fewer trips on the road. 
saves fuel and saves time, which is especially important when farmers are racing the clock during the busy harvest season. 
pass along the cost of transporting their crops to market. 
take advantage of safe transportation options, like the one that would be allowed by the amendment we are considering today. 
coalition of agriculture organizations including the American Farm Bureau Federation, the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, the National Milk Producers Federation and the American Soybean Association to name a few. 
This amendment, as part of a longterm reauthorization bill, is a necessary step towards modernizing our transportation system, and I urge my colleague to vote in support of this commonsense amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . BROWN OF  
to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Chair, I have amendment No. 15 at the desk. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
States depends on travel and tourism, and the industry supports 15,000,000 jobs in the United States; 
States is the single largest export industry in the Nation, generating a trade surplus balance of approximately $74,000,000,000; 
economic benefits to the United States by generating nearly $2,100,000,000,000 in annual economic output; and 
days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall establish an advisory committee to be known as the National Advisory Committee on Travel and Tourism Infrastructure (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Committee’’) to provide information, advice, and recommendations to the Secretary on matters relating to the role of intermodal transportation in facilitating mobility related to travel and tourism activities. 
the Secretary for terms of not more than 3 years; and 
public and private sector stakeholders involved in the travel and tourism industry, including representatives of— 
emerging priorities, issues, projects, and funding needs related to the use of the Nation’s intermodal transportation network to facilitate travel and tourism; 
advise, and make recommendations to the Secretary on policies that improve the condition and performance of an integrated national transportation system that is safe, economical, and efficient, and that maximizes the benefits to the Nation generated through the United States travel and tourism industry; 
condition, safety, and performance for transportation related to travel and tourism; 
policy and programs impacting the movement of travelers for tourism and recreational purposes, including by making legislative recommendations. 
TRAVEL AND TOURISM INFRASTRUCTURE STRA TEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 3 years after the 
date of enactment of this act, the Secretary shall, in consultation with the Committee, State departments of transportation, and other appropriate public and private transportation stakeholders, develop and post on the Department’s public Internet Web site a national travel and tourism infrastructure strategic plan that includes— 
national transportation network that create significant congestion problems and barriers to longhaul passenger travel and tourism, 
and tourism volumes for the 20year period beginning in the year during which the plan is issued; 
technological, institutional, financial, and other barriers to improved longhaul passenger travel performance (including opportunities for overcoming the barriers); 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, the amendment I am offering with my colleagues, Representatives TITUS and R ICEof South Carolina, simply creates a national advisory committee on travel and tourism infrastructure. The committee will advise the Secretary on current and emerging priorities and funding needs related to the use of the Nation’s transportation system to help facilitate travel and tourism. 
information, develop technical advice, and make recommendations to the Secretary on policies that maximize the benefits to the Nation that are generated through the United States travel and tourism industry. 
information with Federal, State, and local officials making investment decisions relating to transportation projects that improve travel and tourism. 
appointed by the Secretary of Transportation and will include representatives from public and private sector stakeholders involved in the travel and tourism industry. The travel industry generates $1.8 trillion in economic output and supports 14.1 million jobs. 
I represent central Florida, which includes Disney World, Universal Studios, SeaWorld, NASA, the Citrus Bowl, world famous beaches, and hundreds of other tourist attractions with over 50 million visitors each year. 
best infrastructure for the efficient flow of these visitors, but ensuring best practices and sharing information will help move people out of harm’s way in case of a manmade or natural disaster. 
this bipartisan amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
interest of the amendment’s sponsors, it is already directly addressed in the bill by section 1201 and section 1202. They specifically add travel and tourism as considerations in the metropolitan and State planning process. 
and tourism to local economies. In fact, in Pennsylvania, it is one of the most important in the Pennsylvania economy. 
not need to be mandated by Congress, in my view. The stakeholder community will now be able to address travel and tourism in the development of State and metropolitan transportation plans. 
public and private interests from coordinating their efforts to promote tourism and travel in the absence of a national advisory committee. 
This is redundant. We already have it in the bill. I think it stands on its own merits in the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. T ITUS). 
Rice amendment to establish a national travel infrastructure strategy and advisory committee, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. 
Vegas Valley, where more than 42 million travelers board planes, buses, and cars to come and enjoy some holiday time and bask in the sun and the bright lights of the Las Vegas Strip. Others come to attend some of the largest professional and business meetings in the country. 
built on the hospitality industry, and its success depends on a strong transportation network to bring and move those millions of visitors around, as well as the freight needed to serve those visitors. That is why I was proud to work with my colleague from Florida (Mr. WEBSTER ) on an amendment 
just referenced to ensure that State and local planning processes would consider the needs of the traveler as part of the longterm planning process. This amendment was approved by voice vote just 2 weeks ago in the committee. 
Today, we are here with a similar bipartisan amendment that ensures that travel and tourism are part of our national policy for transportation. Our policies are enhanced when we consult and collaborate with leaders who rely on our transportation networks. Their guidance and experience can ensure that our DOT decisionmakers are aware of the changing needs and trends in travel and tourism, and can tailor investments and strategies to meet those needs. 
body rail against Washington bureaucrats not knowing what is going on back home. This amendment would address that. I urge your support. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE). 
chairman’s hard work in gathering up this bill. While I respectfully disagree with him that the bill adequately addresses tourism, I think a national committee reporting directly to the Secretary of Transportation, similar to other aspects of the travel industry, like freight, trucking, and other 
It is important for the Department of Transportation not to lose focus on the movement of people in their strategic planning of our Federal network. Congestion is at an alltime high, and new construction is at an alltime low. To best address these issues, the Department of Transportation should consult with experts in moving people efficiently: the travel and tourism industry. 
Creating a national advisory committee on travel and tourism will ensure that most knowledgeable private sector stakeholders have a role in the planning of our most important corridors. 
Travel and tourism supports 15 million jobs in the United States and is important to every region of the country. Establishing a forum to collaborate, strategize, and develop infrastructure that allows the industry to exist is necessary to ensuring America’s competitiveness in the tourism global market. 
anything is rare here in Washington. That is exactly what this amendment does; it determines a longterm strategic plan for the travel and tourism industry. 
South Carolina, Myrtle Beach welcomes over 16 million visitors annually. Tourism is the driver of our economy in the Grand Strand. We are one of the most visited destinations in the country and do not have interstate access. In fact, we are the most visited destination that does not have interstate access. If a destination attracts 16 million visitors without an interstate, imagine what areas like ours could do with one. 
travel and tourism will identify, prioritize, and make recommendations to the DOT on areas in need of infrastructure advances, like Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. That is why I am a cosponsor of this important amendment. 
I continue to oppose the amendment offered by the gentleman from Myrtle Beach, the gentlewoman from Las Vegas, and the gentlewoman from central Florida. I understand completely their concern with tourism. 
As I pointed out earlier, this is already in the bill. I believe Ms. TITUS 
and Mr. W EBSTER got it into the bill in 
markup. So, again, this is redundant. This is not necessary. Section 1201 and section 1202 specifically add travel and tourism, so I believe it is in the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Madam 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
study on methods for identifying roadside highway safety hardware devices to improve the data collected on the devices, as necessary for inservice evaluation of the devices. 
the Secretary shall evaluate identification methods based on the ability of the method to— 
January 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the results of the study. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and 
this commonsense amendment directs the U.S. Department of Transportation to study ways to improve data collection on highway safety hardware devices. Today, these devices, which include guardrails, barriers, terminals, and railings, are critical to the safety of our roadways yet are often taken for granted. 
Blackmon, a 24yearold San Francisco Bay Area resident, a beloved family member who supported his mom, amongst other family members, community volunteer, and football star at Kansas State University, was killed in a collision with a guardrail that 40 States and the District of Columbia have stopped installing due to safety concerns. 
Blackmon’s death and thanks to a whistleblower who highlighted the fraudulent actions taken by this particular guardrail manufacturer, earlier this year, a Federal judge handed down 
a $663 million judgment against the manufacturer for failing to disclose information to Federal and State regulators about modifications made to their guardrail specifications after they were approved by the Federal Highway Administration. 
2005, suggesting these guardrails are safe, just last month, Virginia’s attorney general said that the guardrails tested by the Virginia Department of Transportation ‘‘failed miserably.’’ According to media reports, more than 200,000 of these particular guardrails may still be in service on our Nation’s highways. Unfortunately, there is no existing mechanism to accurately verify this number or locate all the guardrails. That is why this amendment is critically important. Without a practical mechanism for identifying defective guardrails, many States are still assessing their ability to remove defective products from our roadways and incurring additional liability. 
highlighted the need to reform our current system of identifying and inventorying our highway hardware. This amendment makes progress towards reassessing FHWA’s hardware review process to enhance accountability, promote transparency, and improve responsiveness to future safety concerns. 
It is critical to the safety of the traveling public that products installed on our roadways and using Federal dollars are properly evaluated and accounted for when safety concerns arise. Madam Chair, I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I support the gentleman’s amendment. It is a thoughtful amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Madam Chair, I 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . SCOTT OF  
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
It is the sense of Congress that the Department should utilize, to the fullest and most economically feasible extent practicable, modeling and simulation technology to analyze highway and public transportation projects authorized by this Act to ensure that these projects— 
and safety, alleviate congestion, and reduce travel time and environmental impacts; and 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, this is a fairly simple amendment that I offer with my Virginia colleague, RANDY FORBES . It simply encourages the use of modeling and simulation technology in designing and analyzing federally funded transportation projects so that those projects can be most efficient and save money in the process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, the 
gentleman’s amendment is a smart, thoughtful amendment, and I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Madam 
Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MS . EDDIE  
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Texas. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 238, strike line 10 and all that follows 
through page 239, line 5, and insert the following: 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON) and a Member opposed each will 
Texas. Madam Chair, my amendment represents an important effort to preserve the existing budget authority for the Transportation Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, TIFIA, program. In essence, this simple amendment would strike DOT’s ability to reallocate budget authority for TIFIA, ensuring that this authority remains available for the TIFIA program. 
The TIFIA program was first authorized by Congress in 1998 to fill a critical gap in financing for largescale transportation projects. Since that time, the Department of Transportation has provided lowinterest credit assistance to State and local governments in order to help finance projects of regional and national significance. Current law directs the Department of Transportation to redistribute uncommitted budget authority for TIFIA to States for use by their formula programs. 
Due to unforeseen delays in allocating budget authority, DOT redistributed approximately $640 million of budget authority for TIFIA as recently as April of this year. This reduced capacity for project financing will have serious consequences. Texas alone, for example, has more than $1 billion in potential projects that will utilize the TIFIA program. 
Make no mistake, this funding capacity has been lost not because of a lack of demand for the program, but because of the inability to commit budget authority in a timely manner. 
being considered on the floor also cuts TIFIA drastically from the current level of $1 billion per year to just over $200 million per year. Allowing a redistribution clause to remain in place could result in further cuts to the program. My amendment would simply protect what has proven to be an invaluable financing tool for State and local governments. 
I urge the adoption of this amendment so that we can preserve the loan capacity for this timetested program. 
Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for supporting this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the gentlewoman from Texas has been a longterm member of the committee, and she has thought this through well. We appreciate her bringing this amendment to the floor, and we support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Madam Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ). 
support of the Johnson amendment, and I thank my colleague from Texas for offering it. This amendment would allow unused 
TIFIA funds to be reprogrammed into— in other words, to be put back into— the TIFIA account. 
of the biggest recipients of the financing from TIFIA. TIFIA is an incredibly important tool in Los Angeles County that allows us to use our two transportation sales tax measures to complete projects in 10 years instead of 30 years. Speeding up project construction saves money in the long run, and it allows our transportation users the benefits of an improved multimodal system. 
TIFIA from $1 billion to $200 million for transportation funding in the underlying bill in order to provide for other important programs, such as a freight program. This amendment would help reduce the burden that decreased TIFIA funding will have on local communities. 
Texas. Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . WELCH  
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of the major challenges for a comprehensive transportation bill is to have it facilitate the creation of livable communities, and we have, across this country, more and more communities that, as part of creating that space for good transportation, want to include and have included bike paths. 
real attraction for younger people who are moving into urban areas. It is something that has taken cars off the road and has put people on bikes. People are getting exercise and are finding beautiful ways to get around their communities. It is something that adds to the overall quality of life in communities across the country. It used to be that biking was seen as something that just individuals would do. It is now seen, as a result of transportation policy, as integral to a livable community approach. 
This amendment would propose to keep the status quo, keeping that Federal contribution at 90 to 95 percent. It makes a huge difference in our communities to get that extra boost as it makes a difference as to whether or not they can proceed on some bikeway improvements. So let’s keep what we have. We have a good thing going. With this amendment, the ability to keep it going will be even stronger. 
In Vermont, bike commuting has increased by over 70 percent from 2005 to 2014. Vermont has 19 bike and pedestrian facility projects across the State, totaling $38.9 million. There is a lot of local money in that. By the way, the young and old and middleaged are all getting out, taking advantage of those things. Burlington has proposed a fully integrated bike network, and this amendment would help that city in Vermont complete that goal. 
The benefits to biking are tremendous. It is good for the environment. It is good for us when we get on bikes and get a little exercise. It is a good healthcare benefit. It is good for taking cars and congestion off the road. There are incidental benefits and economic. It has been demonstrated in Vermont that there are significant revenue gains to local businesses by having as robust a bike system as we can have. 
Vermont and in the Nation. EARLBLUMENAUER is the patron of biking in this 
country. It is a really big, important component, and I urge the passage of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
unfortunately, I rise in opposition to this amendment by my good friend from Vermont. I know there are a lot of health benefits and other benefits to this. The main reason that I rise in opposition is that, with the gentleman’s amendment, there will be less money being invested in transit. 
a bike project can eat up the funds the transit agencies need to address their needs. In addition, this amendment would mean that a bicycle project gets a higher Federal share than the acquisition of an ADAcompliant vehicle, which will support mobility for disabled individuals. 
we authorize in this bill—roads, bridges, bus stations—requires a partnership of up to 80 percent Federal, 20 percent nonFederal. These bike projects shouldn’t be the exception; so I would urge all Members to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. Madam Chairman, may 
we don’t have as robustly funded a transportation bill as we need. I appreciate the comments of the chairman of the committee, but that problem is something that is going to be hamstringing every activity we do, whether it is mass transit or bikes. My hope is that, by the end of this process, we are finally going to put the money into our infrastructure—every component of it that we need. 
friend, who we all know in the United States House of Representatives is the champion of bikers everywhere. 
gentleman’s courtesy in permitting me to speak and for his raising this issue. 
that we have a balanced transportation system, and there are already problems in terms of being able to promote nonmotorized transportation in terms of bike and pedestrian. Being able to maintain the ability for the Federal funding, I think, is important. I don’t think we should relegate this to being a secondclass type of transportation. 
and people were engaged in their initiatives with cycling. I started the week in Dallas. Texas cities are incorporating these mechanisms into their basic approach to transportation. 
This is not the end of the world, but 
I think it is illadvised, and it is the wrong signal for us to be sending. There are several dozen women from the bicycle industry here—executives from companies—who are involved with hundreds of millions of dollars of economic activity. This is something that does not deserve to be downgraded. This is not going to upset the apple cart by any stretch of the imagination. 
the spotlight on this. We are watching cycling explode from Washington, D.C., to Seattle, to Rochester, New York, to Indianapolis, Indiana. This is a small but important step backwards. 
continue to oppose, and I urge all Members to oppose the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WELCH. I thank the gentleman 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
At the end of title III, add the following: 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate regarding the safety of certain facilities and locations, focusing on any property damage, injuries or deaths, and other incidents that occur or originate at locations intended to encourage public use of alternative transportation, including— 
report, the Secretary shall make recommendations to Congress on the best ways to use innovative technologies to increase safety and ensure a better response by transit security, local, State, and Federal law enforcement to address threats to public safety. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) and a 
Chairman, I am offering this amendment on behalf of myself and as the designee of the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON  
ranking member of the Rules Committee for making this amendment in order. 
SHUSTER , as well as the ranking member, P ETER DEFAZIO, for their efforts to 
bring the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. I thank them for this opportunity to explain the Jackson LeeSewell amendment, which makes a good bill even better by ensuring that the national goals of strengthening our Nation’s transportation and infrastructure is aided by innovation. 
improves this good bill by ensuring that the goals of improving transportation efficiency and safety take into consideration the topic of rest stop and other parking and the topic of public safety. 
This amendment seeks a public safety report to be provided to the House and the Senate Transportation Committees on the security of locations that are intended to encourage the public use of alternative transportation as well as personal transportation parking areas. More than 1 in 10 property crimes occurs in parking lots 
or in garages, and this study will provide an opportunity for Congress to do more to enhance the safety of parking areas that are used by the most vulnerable in our communities: students, women, seniors, the disabled, and other vulnerable members of the public. 
will make surface transportation travel safer. More importantly, it will increase safety for the traveling public, especially for women, seniors, students, disabled persons, and children. 
Madam Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson LeeSewell amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chairman, I 
think the gentlewoman from Alabama offers a sound safety provision, and I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. I thank 
the chairman for his agreeing to the Jackson LeeSewell amendment. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I am offering this amendment on behalf of Congresswoman SEWELL and myself. 
I wish to thank the Chair and Ranking Member of the Rules Committee for making this Amendment in order. 
PETER A. D EFAZIO for their efforts to bring the 
Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. 
I thank them all for this opportunity to explain the Jackson Lee/Sewell Amendments, which makes a good bill even better by ensuring that the national goals of strengthening our nation’s transportation and infrastructure is aided by innovation. 
The work of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee in bringing this bipartisan forward thinking bill to the floor is appreciated. 
This Jackson Lee/Sewell amendment improves this good bill by ensuring that the goals of improving transportation efficiency and safety take into consideration the topic of rest stop, and other parking and the topic of public safety. 
This Amendment seeks a public safety report to be provided to the House and Senate Transportation Committees on the security of locations that are intended to encourage public use of alternative transportation, as well as personal transportation parking areas. 
transportation usage is the ability of automobile drivers to park their vehicles in safety. 
More than 1 in 10 property crimes occur in 
Congress to do more to enhance the safety of parking areas that are used by students, women, seniors, disabled, and other vulnerable members of the public. 
detailed report on the place of occurrence for violent and property crimes from 2004 through 
28.2% of purses snatched occur in open areas such as the street or on public transportation. 
This amendment will lead to enhanced safety of car pool parking lots, mass transit parking; local, state, and regional rail station parking; college or university parking; bike paths, walking trails, and other locations the Secretary deems appropriate. 
victimization and property crimes occurring between 2004 and 2008 in parking lots and garages include: 213,540 victimization crimes that occurred in noncommercial parking lots and garages; and 864,190 property crimes. 
that occur at public transportation or in stations was 49,910 and property crimes was 132,190. 
the traveling public, especially women, seniors, students, disabled persons, and children. 
Madam Chair, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee/Sewell amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MS . SEWELL OF  
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to Congress a report on the potential of the Internet of Things to improve transportation services in rural, suburban, and urban areas. Such report shall include— 
States that are using innovative transportation systems to meet the needs of ageing populations; 
potential of the Internet of Things to assist local, State, and Federal planners to develop more efficient and accurate projections of the transportation needs of rural, suburban, and urban communities. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) and a 
Chairman, I am offering this amendment on behalf of myself and as the designee of the gentlewoman from Texas, Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON  
LEE. Once again, I want to thank the chair 
and ranking member of the Rules Committee for making this amendment in order. 
I thank the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee chairman, BILLSHUSTER , as well as the ranking 
member, P ETER DEFAZIO, for their bipartisan work in bringing the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. 
provides a report to Congress from the Secretary of the Department of Transportation on the Internet of Things, IoT, as to its potential to improve transportation services to the elderly and persons with disabilities as well as to assist local, State, and Federal transportation planners in achieving better efficiencies and cost savings by protecting privacy and the security of persons who use IoT technology. 
The IoT refers to the wireless environment that will support the networking of physical objects—or things—embedded with wireless electronic components, software sensors, and network connectivity. The IoT will introduce the functionality of computing into physical space as computing technology is integrated into devices and systems. 
will allow Congress to take into consideration how IoT technologies can be used to make public transportation safer and more convenient to the elderly and to the disabled and how it may improve mass personal transportation efficiencies. 
will help ensure that we harness the benefit of the Internet of things for the traveling public and minimize the threats to privacy and cybersecurity presented by this new technology. 
I include in the RECORD , first, an article entitled ‘‘How the Internet of Things is Improving Transportation and Logistics’’ and, secondly, an article entitled, ‘‘Mapping IoT into Today’s Urban Transportation Systems.’’ 
Whether by air, ground or sea, transportation and logistics are essential components to many enterprises’ productivity, and access to realtime data is critical. 
the advantages of using mobile technologies; however, the unpredictable nature of fuel costs, rising labor rates, increased traffic and a changing regulatory environment, continue to make operations challenging. 
As industry regulations force transportation and logistics organizations to do more with less, profitability is threatened. However, with visibility into personnel, equipment and transactions, enterprises can better support peak operations in real time— improving operational efficiency and performance. 
With the advent of today’s mobile technologies and the Internet of Things (IoT), enterprises can accelerate productivity, profitability and operations with solutions designed specifically for their processes. With the right IoT solution in place, enterprises can connect all devices across a centralized cloud network, and capture and share their missioncritical data, allowing them to gain realtime visibility of their operations. 
organizations the Enterprise Asset Intelligence they need to make improvements. This enhanced business knowledge can be gained through a set of enabling technologies in the areas of asset management, cloud, mobile and Big Data. 
By leveraging Enterprise Asset Intelligence, transportation and logistics can dramatically improve the following areas: 
around the globe are focused on maximizing supply chain efficiency in order to sustain profitability and viability. 
However, to reach this level of performance, they need to make endtoend improvements. Complete visibility facilitates more effective, timely decisions and reduces delays through quicker detection of issues. 
identification (RFID), barcode scanners and mobile computers, have become a major influence in supply chain visibility and operations. Many transportation and logistics companies using RFID today are reaching nearly 100 percent shipping and receiving accuracy, 99.5 percent inventory accuracy, 30 percent faster order processing and 30 percent reduction in labor costs. 
of sight into equipment, inventory and business processes. This asset intelligence allows organizations to increase their efficiency by providing them realtime data across their entire supply chain. 
Though these types of solutions have already helped transportation and logistics businesses make improvements over the years, leveraging them with enabling technologies like the IoT can deliver even more asset intelligence, leading to more informed decisions. 
of transportation and logistics businesses. Their efficiency directly impacts the cost of doing business and the ability to compete. With IoTenabled mobile devices designed to track inventory data, equipment and vehicles, enterprises can give their physical assets a digital voice. 
transportation and logistics warehouses can capture and share their missioncritical data across the cloud, ensuring they have the right products in the right place at the right time. 
around on foot or in vehicles, manually conducting their routine tasks. This process is time intensive and prone to error which causes a number of visibilityrelated problems including redundant trailer moves, yard gate congestion, product shrinkage, wasted fuel and lost time. To address these issues, organizations across the supply chain implement RFID systems that automate asset tracking and location. 
By reducing human intervention and enabling more machinetomachine information sharing, enterprises can greatly increase efficiency and accuracy. 
When it comes to transportation and logistics, fleet management plays a critical role in managing maintenance schedules, everyday vehicle usage and service routes. In order to maximize productivity and operational efficiency, fleet downtime must be minimized. With mobile scanners, computers and RFID systems alone, enterprises can gain visibility into their assets and better streamline operations to keep their fleet moving. 
orders with mobile devices, technicians save time and increase data accuracy. Furthermore, with realtime, accurate insight into maintenance history, parts availability and inventory records, technicians can relay information back to their central database. 
enterprises can capture, share and manage data around their moving assets across the enterprise. Connectivity also enables enterprises to communicate with their technicians (drivers) anytime, anywhere, allowing them to be proactive with infield repairs, maintenance, etc. With realtime updates on certain conditions such as bad weather or traffic, fleet technicians can better respond and/or prepare. 
into driver and vehicle performance is critical. This visibility can be used to increase the safety of technicians, reduce damaged inventory and decrease insurancerelated costs all of which are critical to an enterprise’s bottom line. Additionally, with realtime insight, technicians and drivers can respond to customer service inquiries in a timely manner. This helps personnel know when and where to allocate their time—improving the organization’s overall performance and customer service. 
monitor their equipment and environment in real time, field service technicians can take action before problems arise. With the IoT, companies can gain intelligence remotely around their assets in the field, allowing them to facilitate needbased maintenance and eliminating unnecessary and/or reactive responses. 
are dramatically improving the way transportation and logistics businesses operate. The Enterprise Asset Intelligence delivered through these solutions is what enables organizations to pinpoint inefficiencies in real time, improving throughput and helping them build progressive plans to move toward innovation. 
population lives in urban areas, a number that is expected to increase to 66 percent in the coming decades. This results initially in higher urban density, followed by urban sprawl as people and businesses expand beyond the initial city boundaries. Such urban growth and sprawl results in a society with considerably more vehicles on the roads, amidst an increasing demand from commuters for faster and alternate transportation channels. We can all relate to experiencing more congestion, increased accidents and road construction, all of which are also resulting in safety issues and increase the amount of time the average person spends commuting. Traffic congestion wastes energy, contributes to global warming and costs individuals and businesses time and money. 
Using mobile applications, users are promised realtime travel information in order to reach a destination in an efficient amount of time. Yet, even using map applications many people still find themselves spending an inordinate amount of time in commute due to traffic, accidents and other disruptions. Cities are also increasingly forced to compete amongst themselves to attract residents and businesses and be considered a more desirable place to live and work. A city’s transportation and communication infrastructure is an important consideration that has direct and indirect economic impacts for government, businesses and residents. 
To meet rising demand, cities require infrastructures and systems that are connected, energyconscious and intelligent 
enough to quickly react to everyday traffic situations. This includes supporting machinetomachine interactions that allow travelers to quickly reroute their trip or plan to take alternate transportation, should a disruption arise. Critical to achieving this is a strong foundation of information and communications technology (ICT), and resource management systems that operate under a supportive policy framework and enable an expanded publicprivate cooperation. This communication infrastructure needs to support reliable highspeed transmission of vast amounts of data and enable communication across people, organizations and systems. For example, intelligent traffic management systems that use wirelessly managed traffic lights at interchanges to help reduce congestion require a robust infrastructure that permits them to transmit large volumes of signal and video data to traffic control centers. 
Mobile technologies today are already enabling residents to quickly inform and be informed of traffic situations and patterns that are emerging during their commute. In a traffic incident or natural catastrophe situation, mobile technologies provide a means for interactive exchange of information and quick guidance and action from other parties, such as medical and law enforcement organizations and insurance companies. With intelligent transportation systems that can be used for traffic management and are available on a cloud platform, even smartphones can be used to manage the traffic system at any time. 
the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, the 
gentlewoman has a solid, sound amendment, and I support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Chair, I am offering this amendment on behalf of Congresswoman SEWELL and myself. 
Once again, I wish to thank the Chair and 
Ranking Member of the Rules Committee for making this Amendment in order. 
Committee Chairman BILLSHUSTER and Ranking Member P ETER A. D EFAZIO for their bipartisan work to bring the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor. 
This Jackson Lee/Sewell Amendment provides a report to Congress from the Secretary of the Department of Transportation on the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ (IoT) and its potential to improve transportation services to the elderly and persons with disabilities as well as assist local, state and federal transportation planners in achieving better inefficiencies and cost effectiveness, while protecting privacy and security of persons who use IoT technology. 
that will support networking of physical objects or ‘‘things’’ embedded with wireless electronic components, software, sensors, and network connectivity technology, which enables these objects to collect and exchange data on people, places and things. 
computing into physical space as computing technology is integrated into devices and systems. 
It will also challenge the privacy and security of users of the technology if precautions are not taken to ensure that information on these devices is not protected. 
allow Congress to take into consideration how IoT technologies can be used to make public transportation, safer, more convenient to the elderly and disabled, and how it may improve mass and personal transportation efficiency. 
into physical things or support communication among digital devices that may be nearby or at distances will offer many benefits to consumers. 
personal, recreational, city planning, public safety, energy consumption management, healthcare, and many other applications. 
Today, local governments are working to incorporate IoT services into transportation; garbage pickup, as well as the provision of wireless connectivity for their residents. 
help ensure that we harness the benefits of the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ for the traveling public and minimize the threats to privacy and cybersecurity presented by this new and exciting technology. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ). 
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 327, line 20, strike ‘‘5 percent’’ and insert ‘‘10 percent’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and a 
appreciate the work that has been done in this underlying legislation to put more national priority dealing with nonmotorized safety. This new program gives States funding for VisionZerotype activities that are on the forefront of what is happening in communities around the country that are not accepting the carnage on the highways for pedestrians and cyclists being able to use these tools, to be able to reengineer and to enforce and protect some of our most vulnerable citizens. 
the leading cause of injuryrelated death for children under 14, and being struck by a motor vehicle is the secondleading cause of injuryrelated death for senior citizens. This is our young and our old. 
is a much higher pedestrian fatality rate than in higher income areas. Fatalities on our roadways have declined overall, but the number of pedestrians killed annually rose 16 percent over the course of the last 5 years. 
We spend billions of dollars on surface transportation every year, not as much as we should, but a significant amount of money. Yet, we are spending less than a billion on critical bike and pedestrian Federal projects. 
new nonmotorized public safety program. However, I have one modest concern. Only States where 15 percent or more of the traffic fatalities are nonmotorized are eligible for this funding. My reckoning is that only 20 States and the District of Columbia would qualify. This seems backwards to me. 
in communities large and small across the country, this provision would actually reward States with Federal money that are more dangerous for bicyclists and pedestrians and doesn’t provide incentives for those States who have lowered the number of bike and pedestrian incidents and are working to move forward. 
with my colleague, Congressman BUCHANAN of Florida, who is the co 
chair of the Bike Caucus, to make this funding available to virtually every State by lowering the eligibility threshold to 2 percent of the fatalities and double the funding for a nonmotorized safety program. 
Madam Chair, this is serious business. I have encountered people from around the country who are part of this revolution in terms of enhancing bike and pedestrian facilities. This Congress has been in the forefront of moving it forward. I think extending the eligibility of this program would be in keeping with this record of accomplishment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
In this bill, we have created a competitive grant program for nonmotorized users. In this program, it 
stood up for the first time. We should let NHTSA stand this program up before we judge the success and before we award it more funding. 
for critical safety programs that keep drunk drivers off our highways, encourage seat belt use, and improve State safety data programs. The funds would be reallocated in a new program created in this bill, as I mentioned, to focus on bike and pedestrian safety. 
I commend the gentleman for his passion and commitment to cyclists and their safety, but this is a new program that has been set up. So I would just urge that we should let NHTSA stand the program up and then judge its success and whether we should allocate more money or not. 
I oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Madam Chair, I 
appreciate what the committee has done putting this new program in. I think it is important. I look forward to its success. 
Since it is a competitive grant program, allowing most States to be eligible doesn’t take that away. 
is talking about have much more generous funding than programs that hit our youth and our senior citizens in term of bike and pedestrian. 
we would be putting more in. This is a drop in the bucket, $28 million overall. It would be money well spent and would allow the program to be able to evaluate which programs are the best, particularly some that have successfully lowered their accident rate a little bit below the 15 percent threshold. Maybe they have got something going. Maybe they have got something that we could use for national applications. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
have an amendment at the desk made in order under the rule. 
Page 333, line 18, strike ‘‘ OR STOPPED IN  
Page 333, line 22, strike ‘‘or stopped in traffic’’. 
Page 334, line 2, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
that specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communication device while stopped in traffic.’’. 
Page 334, line 9, strike ‘‘or stopped in traffic’’ and insert ‘‘if the driver is’’. 
Page 334, line 15, strike ‘‘and’’ Page 334, line 16, strike ‘‘first’’. Page 334, line 17, strike the period and insert ‘‘; and’’. 
that specifically allows a driver to text through a personal wireless communication device while stopped in traffic.’’. 
Page 337, beginning on line 14, strike ‘‘, including operation while temporarily stationary because of traffic, a traffic light or stop sign, or otherwise’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. KIRKPATRICK ) and a 
Madam Chair, texting is an extremely dangerous activity as it requires drivers to take their eyes, hands, and minds off the task of driving. Drivers aged 16 to 24 have the highest propensity to text while driving. Cell phone conversations with handheld or handsfree devices are dangerous as well, especially for young, novice drivers. 
of MRIs shows that the area of the brain responsible for processing moving visual information, a vital part of driving, has 37 percent less capacity when talking on the phone. A driver texting may miss seeing up to 50 percent of his or her driving environment, even when looking through the windshield. This includes stop signs, pedestrians, and red lights, according to the University of Utah Applied Cognition Laboratory. 
This simple, commonsense amendment ensures that States that have enacted texting and teen cell phone bans qualify for incentive grant funding. This amendment will also allow additional States to qualify for distracted driving incentive grant funding while maintaining the core safety requirement of the grant. 
AAA, Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, Governors Highway Safety Association, MADD, the National Safety Council, and Safe Kids Worldwide. 
make necessary improvements to their distracted driving laws qualify for incentive grant funding. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, this 
amendment makes an important change to the distracted driver incentive grant program that will ensure more States can qualify for funding. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. Madam Chair, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. KIRKPATRICK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MISS RICE OF  
to consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 340, strike line 9 and all that follows 
through page 347, line 25, and insert the following: 
compliance with the 2stage licensing process described in this subparagraph if the State’s driver’s license laws include— 
pass a vision and knowledge assessment prior to receiving a learner’s permit; 
‘‘(IV) requires that the driver be accompanied and supervised at all times while the driver is operating a motor vehicle by a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age or is a Statecertified driving instructor; 
thewheel training, with at least 10 hours at night, with a licensed driver; and 
‘‘(VI) remains in effect until the driver— ‘‘(aa) reaches 16 years of age and enters the 
‘‘(IV) for the first 6 month of the intermediate stage, restricts driving at night between the hours of 10:00 p.m. and 5:00 a.m. when not supervised by a licensed driver 21 years of age or older, excluding transportation to work, school, religious activities, 
motor vehicle with more than 1 nonfamilial passenger younger than 21 years of age unless a licensed driver who is at least 21 years of age is in the motor vehicle; and 
stage that require, in addition to any other penalties imposed by State law, the granting of an unrestricted driver’s license be automatically delayed for any individual who, during the learner’s permit or intermediate stage, is convicted of a drivingrelated offense during the first 6 months, including— 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from New York (Miss RICE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairwoman, over the course of my career, one issue that has taken on tremendous importance to me is reducing the number of traffic fatalities that occur on our roads and highways. 
progress in this area is by focusing on young drivers. As any parent with a teenaged child can tell you, young people do not have the knowledge, experience, and maturity to drive safely 100 percent of the time, and that can have deadly consequences for themselves and for others. 
killed in crashes involving teen drivers. For drivers aged 16 to 19, the fatal crash risk is three times higher than for drivers over age 20. 
those risks by encouraging all 50 States to adopt core graduated driver’s license requirements that we know will help keep teens safe as they learn to drive. 
to enact meaningful requirements to help keep everyone safe on our roads. The amendment would require young drivers to go through two stages of licensing, a learner’s permit followed by an intermediate stage. 
for at least 6 months. They have to pass vision and knowledge tests. They have to be supervised when they drive. They have to gain 50 hours of experience behind the wheel, with 10 of those hours at night. 
from using a cell phone or other device while driving, as all drivers should be, regardless of age, because even the most experienced driver in the world 
becomes dangerous when they are texting or taking selfies behind the wheel of a car. 
The cell phone ban remains in place, and violating that restriction must be a primary offense. 
after 10 p.m., with reasonable exceptions. Eighty percent of crashes involving 16 and 17yearold drivers happen between 9 o’clock at night and midnight, and this restriction reduces crashes by up to 60 percent during the overnight hours. 
drunk driving violations, fake ID violations, reckless driving, failure to wear a seat belt, speeding, or other violations. 
These are some of the very basic requirements that we know are necessary to help keep young people safe as they learn how to drive. This should be the law in every American State. 
that goal by providing grant funding to States that adopt and implement these requirements in full. 
is supported by the National Safety Council, as well as AAA, Advocates for Highway and Auto Safety, the Governors Highway Safety Association, Mothers Against Drunk Driving, and Safe Kids Worldwide. 
the same as the language in the DRIVE Act, which passed in the Senate with overwhelming bipartisan support. 
I believe it deserves the same bipartisan support in the House. I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment. 
amendment would actually gut the reforms in this bill that ensures more States with graduated driver’s license programs can qualify for these important safety grant funding programs. 
grant program to improve teen driver safety by encouraging States to adopt graduated driver’s license programs. Unfortunately, the Federal requirements for the program were too prescriptive, which happens so many times we put out something. As a result, over 40 States have graduated driver’s license programs in place today. None of them qualified for grant funds in 2014. 
requirements and ensures more States will qualify for funding. 
the Federal requirements. Few, if any, States will qualify for funds if this amendment passes. 
Chairwoman, I ask the Chairman if he would be willing to work with us in 
would be glad to continue to work with the gentlewoman on this. The issue is important. Again, I think we have reforms in here. We would love to work with the gentlewoman and move this forward to make sure that these reforms get into place when we have a final bill on the floor. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment. 
to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
The Chair understands that amendment No. 25 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . DUNCAN OF  
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of title V, add the following: 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit a report containing the results of the study to— 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ) and a 
Chairman, my amendment requires the Department of Transportation to conduct a study on the operations of a doubledecker motorcoach equipped with a luggage carrier on the rear of the vehicle. The Department of Transportation will be required to report its findings back to the Congress 60 days after the enactment of the bill. 
of buses but provides that States cannot limit buses to less than 45 feet. A majority, but not all, States adopted laws providing for a 45foot maximum limit for buses years ago when all 
intercity buses were no longer than that length. However, the 45foot limits in these States effectively precludes the attachment of a luggage carrier, known commonly as a luggage box, to the back of modern doubledecker intercity motorcoaches of the sort now used by several intercity bus companies because the luggage boxes extend the bus by about 2 feet and several inches over the 45foot limit. 
Madam Chairwoman, for many years in Europe, where they are used by over 600 bus operators. They are also currently in use in Florida and Georgia, neither of which State has a 45foot bus length limit. Even with the luggage box, these buses are much shorter than most trucktrailer combinations. 
Further, an intensive study undertaken by two respected exNHTSA engineers last year has confirmed that the luggage box poses no hazard to the 
bus, its passengers, or highway safety. In fact, no Federal or State vehicle safety agency has raised any objection to the use of the luggage box. 
use of these luggage boxes is unsafe, I do think we would benefit from an independent study by the Department of Transportation so everyone will be completely assured that there is no safety risk involved in these luggage boxes at all. 
this very minor amendment to have the Department of Transportation conduct this study. 
claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Chair, I congratulate the gentleman on his amendment. I think that this will help provide us with more factual knowledge in terms of looking at any future changes as might relate to these sorts of buses and also will provide useful information to consumers. I think it is very well thought out, and I congratulate the gentleman. I urge support of the amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chair, I certainly appreciate that support from the ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO. I urge passage of this amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MRS . COMSTOCK  
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 502, line 10, insert ‘‘, congestion, connected vehicles, connected infrastructure, and autonomous vehicles’’ after ‘‘transportation safety’’. 
levels for the period covered by the strategic plan; and 
ensure that the strategic plan developed under this section— 
and development programs of all of the Department’s modal administrations and joint programs; 
The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Research Council for a review and analysis of the Department’s 5year 
research and development strategic plan described in this section. By March 31, 2017, the Secretary shall publish on a public website the National Research Council’s analysis of the Department’s plan. 
Secretary shall publish on a public website an interim report that— 
Secretary may conduct research on the reduction of traffic congestion. 
adoption of transportation management systems that allow traffic to flow in the safest and most efficient manner possible while alleviating current and future traffic congestion challenges; 
freight data from various sources relevant to efforts to reduce traffic congestion so as to maximize mobility, efficiency, and capacity while decreasing congestion and travel times; 
strategies and solutions to reduce congestion for highdensity traffic regions and to provide mobility in the event of an emergency or natural disaster; and 
agencies, State and local agencies, industry and industry associations, and university research centers to fulfill goals and objectives under this section. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall make available on a public website a report on its activities under this section. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Transportation for Research and Technology may transmit to Congress a report containing— 
state of rail safety technologies and an analysis of whether the passenger, commuter, and transit rail transportation industries are keeping up with innovations in technologies to make rail cars safer for passengers and transport of commerce; and 
time and public and private resources will be required for railroad carriers to meet the positive train control system implementation requirements under section 20157 of title 49, United States Code. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ) and a 
rise today in support of my amendment, which incorporates important provisions from a bill of mine, H.R. 3585, the Surface Transportation Research and Development Act of 2015. 
I appreciate that I serve on two committees that are very important to my district: the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. I am also honored to chair the Subcommittee on Research and Technology, which came together to pass this measure. 
parts of this bill, is common sense and bipartisan. It provides for more and better solutions to ease traffic congestion and provide key research for transportation. 
The first part of the amendment further clarifies language in the underlying bill regarding universities’ abilities to submit grant applications for the University Transportation Centers program as either the lead or partnering applicant. This provides more universities the opportunity to seek these funds. 
of Transportation to develop a 5year Strategic Plan for Transportation Research and Development. 
covers an issue that will be appreciated by Members representing urban and suburban areas of the country, and that is traffic congestion. It provides authority for the Transportation Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology to conduct research to reduce traffic congestion. 
transportation management systems that allow traffic better to flow in safe and more efficient ways; 
Third, develop and disseminate strategies to reduce congestion for high density traffic regions; and 
Federal, State, and local governments as well as industry and universities. 
amendment authorizes the Assistant Secretary to transmit a report to Congress on rail safety issues. 
the chairman of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee. 
chair of the Subcommittee on Research and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and the subcommittee’s ranking minority member, DANLIPINSKI . 
and Technology has jurisdiction over research, development, and technology programs at the Department of Transportation. In anticipation of a House surface transportation authorization bill, the committee exercised its jurisdiction with a transportation research and development hearing in June. In September the Subcommittee on Research and Technology marked up H.R. 3585, the Surface Transportation Research and Development Act of 2015. 
It is essential that we find a way to 
maintain a healthy, substantive research base for America’s transportation initiatives. We have to ensure that Congress gets its priorities right and that taxpayers receive maximum value for their hardearned tax dollars. H.R. 3585 does just that. This makes the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s jurisdiction over R&D programs at the Department of Transportation particularly relevant. 
Since the introduction and subsequent markup of the underlying bill, members and staff of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology have worked closely with our counterparts on the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure to ensure inclusion of some of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s priorities into the highway bill. 
for working with Congresswoman C OMSTOCK and me in this venture. 
after the House passes this bill, as we continue to work cooperatively on policy deliberations and resolution of individual R&D provisions during the HouseSenate conference. 
his support of this amendment, and I thank the gentlewoman from Virginia for introducing the underlying bill that has been put into this underlying bill as well. 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
myself such time as I consume. I actually rise in support of the amendment, and I particularly want to congratulate my colleague, DANLIPINSKI , who serves 
on both the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for his work on this amendment. 
the ranking member for his support of this amendment. I thank Chairwoman 
working with me and working together on this amendment. 
want to address is the language based on a small piece of the Future TRIP Act, which I introduced, cosponsored by Chairwoman COMSTOCK , and that we 
passed in the Subcommittee on Research and Technology of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. The gentlewoman is chair of that committee. I am ranking member on that subcommittee. 
from my bill calls for a regional transportation center on connected vehicles and connected infrastructure. Connected and autonomous vehicles hold enormous promise for safe, efficient transportation. This research center could play a big part in developing new technologies in this area, so I am very pleased to have it included in this amendment. 
The amendment also contains language from my bill in regard to University Transportation Centers. It allows universities to lead one proposal for each type of center. It also permits universities to collaborate on as many awards as they like, as long as they are not leading the proposal. This gives increased flexibility to those universities that have special expertise in this area. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mrs. COMSTOCK. Madam Chairman, 
support. I also thank Chairman S HUSTER and our ranking member for 
working with us on this amendment. I urge passage of this amendment that will help bring our transportation system into the 21st century. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mrs. COMSTOCK ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . BARLETTA  
to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chairwoman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of title VII, add the following: 
1⁄2inch in thickness and constructed of a material having a tensile strength not less 
than 65 kilopound per square inch and conform to the following specifications: 
as the tallest valve or fitting involved and the height of a valve or fitting within the protective housing must be kept to the minimum compatible with their proper operation. 
not reduce the flow capacity of the pressure relief device below the minimum required. 
means of drainage with a minimum flow area equivalent to six 1inch diameter holes. 
cover plate and subject to a horizontal force applied perpendicular to and uniformly over the projected plane of the protective housing, the tensile connection strength of the protective housing shall be designed to be— 
nozzle to tank tensile connection strength or the shear strength of twenty 
device located outside of a protective housing may not be more than 12 inches above the tank jacket. 
unused pressure relief device nozzle may not be more than 6 inches above the tank jacket. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chairwoman, I am offering an amendment to make the transportation of crude oil by railroads safer. 
tank cars moving flammable liquids to be retrofitted with new safety equipment. This is in addition to the strong safety measures included in the Federal Rail Administration’s recent tank car rule. 
fitting protections on the tank car. These top fittings protect the pressure relief valve, which protects the integrity of a tank car. 
in a fire as a result of a derailment. This decreases the likelihood of a major incident and provides first responders additional time. 
of protection, but the majority of DOT 111 legacy tank cars do not have this enhanced protection. That is about 50 percent of the expected retrofit tank car fleet, making this reform very important. A similar requirement was considered and rejected during the tank car rulemaking process due to costbenefit concerns. 
that is supported by the Association of American Railroads, the American Chemistry Council, the Railway Supply Institute, the American Petroleum Institute, and the Renewable Fuels Association. 
to improve the safety of moving crude oil by rail. This is an issue that is very important to Pennsylvania. 
with me on this amendment. I also thank Mr. LIPINSKI for cosponsoring 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Chair, I rise to 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not in opposition. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Oregon is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Chair, I yield 
for noting this deficiency in the rule. It is inexplicable to me that, although they certainly noted the need in the new design to have a protective housing around the pressure relief valve so they wouldn’t shear off in a rollover accident, they did not extend that to retrofitted cars. This amendment ensures that they will meet those stronger standards. I think this amendment has tremendous merit. 
to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ), the Democratic sponsor of 
member for yielding, and I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) for all his work on this 
amendment. I rise in support of this amendment and ask my colleagues to support it. 
common sense and will strengthen the Department of Transportation’s tank car rule by providing all legacy tank cars retrofitted for class III flammable liquid service to include enhanced top fittings protections for pressure relief valves. 
tank car standard allows tank cars to vent gases to reduce the chance of a tank car rupturing from vapor pressure, which can happen if it is heated after a derailment or an accident. However, this pressure relief valve is susceptible to damage in the event of an accident, as it can easily be torn off, thus eliminating any safety benefit. 
To mitigate this issue, this amendment would require the installation of a small, protective device that will help keep this valve in place after an accident and save lives in the process. 
American Petroleum Institute, Association of American Railroads, the American Chemistry Council, and Renewable Fuels Association, and is something that has been called for by first responders who have a lot of these trains going through these districts. 
I know it is very important to me in 
my district in the Chicagoland area. We are the rail hub of the Nation, with nearly 40 percent of America’s rail traffic flowing through, and my district is host to track owned by six out of the seven class I railroads. 
More crude oil passes through Chicago than anywhere else in the Nation, with upwards of 40milelong unit trains snaking through neighborhoods in the region each week, making them a common sight at the 195 atgrade crossings in my district, a few of which are as close to within a mile of my own home. 
brought relief to many in the form of lower gas prices, it requires the use of rail to ensure that this commodity is transported in the safest possible manner. This amendment makes it even safer. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Madam Chairwoman, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
State or tribal government, conduct a review of the safety and safetyrelated aspects of a pipeline transportation infrastructure project. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) and a 
all, I want to come to the floor and say thank you to Chairman SHUSTER and 
great work in bringing a longterm transportation bill to the floor. 
on the work that they have done in negotiating the finer points of this bill, which I think is nearly perfect, with one small flaw, which I will attempt to cure with my amendment. 
many districts across the United States, we are dealing with a situation where highpressure natural gas lines are being extended and expanded in some urban areas and some rural areas. 
are impacted severely in some respects: the town of Dedham, the town of Weymouth, and the neighborhood of West Roxbury. I think the neighborhood of West Roxbury offers the most clear example of what my concern is. 
Roxbury, we have an active gravel quarry. It is located a matter of yards away from a residential area. You could throw a baseball from the blasting zone of the quarry to the residential homes next door. You have got kids there. You have got schools there. It is a densely settled population there and is a beautiful neighborhood. 
the placement of a highpressure gas line that runs through the active blast zone adjacent to the residential area where my constituents live and are raising their families, where their kids go to bed at night. We cannot get entrance into the process because FERC controls the whole process. They make their decision, and then, in your appeal, they get to review their own decision. 
those situations—like the West Roxbury situation where you have a pipeline company putting in a high pressure gas line through an active blast zone next to a residential area— is to have an appeal process where the public safety officers of the State could ask for a review on public safety grounds of that decision of where to place that pipeline. 
they are just asking them to relocate the pipeline out of the blast zone. It would seem to make sense that that would be a reasonable request. But I think, obviously, the pipeline company is interested in reducing costs and delivering their product. 
Member of Congress would, just to get them to take a good, hard second look 
at this, a fresh set of eyes on the request that the pipeline company has made and FERC has authorized. 
So that is the purpose of my amendment here. I am just trying to get a fair hearing on this decision, which I think is a horrendous decision and may result in the loss of life here, if they are not careful. We don’t have much of a buffer zone between the pipeline, the quarry, and the homes where the people live. 
That is the purpose of my amendment. I am urging my colleagues here to consider themselves being in my position, trying to defend your constituents from a palpable danger, hoping that this body would recognize the wisdom in having a real appeal process. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I certainly understand where the gentleman from Massachusetts is coming from. I don’t know all the details, but it sounds troubling. 
would go far beyond the mandate by inserting PHMSA into the approval process to construct a pipeline at the request of a State or tribe. This could significantly slow down construction to complete some of these pipelines around the country or even to start them. 
understand and empathize with the gentleman and the situation he is talking about, but pipelines carry 99.997 percent of all hazardous material safely to their destination. Again, we need to make sure PHMSA’s scarce resources are focused on its mission to ensure pipelines are operated and maintained safely. 
This is a time where the country desperately needs to get more pipeline. The gentleman’s amendment is just too broadly written, and the unintended consequences would go far beyond what he is talking about. 
to his amendment, but I certainly would like to help the gentleman, if I can, if it is a situation where we can be of any help to him. But this amendment is too broadly written. So I would oppose it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LYNCH. Madam Chair, can I ask 
have a pipeline safety bill that is coming up later in the session. So I would appreciate the opportunity to work with the chairman to try to address that. 
these are very, very unique situations. You don’t have many cases where you have a highpressure gas line being put through a blast zone adjacent to residential homes. 
would require that special danger to exist before the State could take action. We are only asking for extra review. 
there was a tragic incident in 2010 in San Bruno, California, where 8 people were killed and 38 homes were destroyed during a Pacific Gas and Electric natural gas line pipe explosion. 
have got to build pipelines, but I think you ought to be able to do it without, as I have said before multiple times, putting a pipeline through a blast zone adjacent to residential homes. I think you can find another route that wouldn’t go through that blast zone. It is the one quarry I have got in my district, and they chose to go right through it. 
I know the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I know the hard work he has put into this bill. I am just looking for some relief for people that I care about. I am very fearful of the consequences if this is allowed to continue. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . LEWIS  
to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Type II noise barrier (as described in section 772.5 of title 23, Code of Federal Regulations).’’. 
System Designation Act of 1995 (23 U.S.C. 106 note) is amended— 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, I appreciate the chairman and the ranking member’s hard work on this bill. 
very important to the people of metro Atlanta. My amendment would allow Federal funds from the Surface Transportation Block Grant Program to be 
used to construct type II noise barriers. These are barriers built to cut 
State transportation agencies. It limits their ability to address key qualityof life concerns in the planning process. 
working with the Georgia Department of Transportation for years to address these concerns. Many communities in metro Atlanta are tired of the noise and just want some peace and quiet. We are ready to move forward, but we need Congress to untie our hands. 
cent, not one dime. If anything, it improves the effectiveness of the money we already send to the States. 
these barriers; instead, it allows them the flexibility they need to minimize Federal funds, to raise property values, and to improve the quality of life in frustrated communities across America. Madam Chair, we have the opportunity to do something that would make our citizens’ lives better. 
a headache. When you have a good and quiet neighborhood, when you can get some sleep, you can be happy. I urge the adoption of my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
barriers on existing roads is put in place for a reason. Residents and businesses that have coexisted with highways for years, or even decades, should not be entitled to noise barriers. People built their houses, built their businesses. 
I understand there is increased traffic, certainly here in the Washington, D.C., area; but these noise barriers should be reserved for new highways or a significant highway expansion as a result of changing conditions in the neighborhoods. 
build his house next to a highway or an airport, they know what the consequences are; and to have to put this burden on the taxpayers just is something that I don’t believe is fair. Given that we have limited resources, funding should be reserved for highway and bridge construction, and not used for noise barriers on existing roads. 
it is up to the local folks, it is up to the developer if they are building a development along that road to pay that bill, and again, not the taxpayer. So I oppose this amendment. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I yield to the gentleman from Oregon. 
tract of land next to an existing interstate and then expects the taxpayers to pay for sound protection, that is not right. But I think there are cases where you have found that a lot of interstates were built in areas where there wasn’t a lot of traffic. The houses have been there for quite some time, and now the traffic has grown phenomenally, particularly truck traffic and things that create more noise. I think there may be a way to do it in certain circumstances where it is merited, where it isn’t due to new development but due to growth and traffic and noise and that. 
I don’t know if the chairman has considered that. 
Mr. SHUSTER. I think the gentleman from Oregon has a reasonable argument. I think those things do occur, and that would be something I would continue to work with him and work in the future on as we move forward on this. 
I would have to oppose it. But I am fully willing to accept what the gentleman from Oregon says and work with him, and I have great respect for the gentleman from Georgia. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS. Madam Chair, with the 
discussion and the words of the chairman and the ranking member, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) and a 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program in this bill will address critical infrastructure needs that will improve America’s economic competitiveness, but will also bring tremendous benefit to our communities, especially districts like mine, which is the epicenter of the international supply chain flowing through the Ports of L.A. and Long Beach. Freight corridors that run through 
districts such as mine, and those in Chicago, Houston, Florida, Charleston, New York, New Jersey, and Seattle, bring jobs and spur economic growth. However, they also create congestion, pollution, and safety concerns. 
One of the primary strategies to alleviate these issues—congestion, air pollution, and accidents—is to build rail grade separations that allow trains and cars to flow freely. In fact, grade separations are explicitly mentioned in the bill as eligible to receive funding from the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program. However, the $100 million threshold far exceeds the cost of most grade separation projects. 
bill, my amendment simply clarifies that a program of eligible projects, such as a corridor of grade separations, be eligible to receive funding from this program. 
for ‘‘programs of projects’’ to be eligible for funding, most notably, in the TIFIA loan program, the National Highway Performance Program, and Highway Safety and Improvement Program. 
This amendment recognizes that addressing nationally significant transportation challenges are not always best addressed through one major project but, instead, a comprehensive package of related projects that achieve a meaningful national objective. 
the Alameda CorridorEast, which was first recognized 10 years ago by this House in SAFETEALU. The Alameda CorridorEast was designated as a Project of National and Regional Significance, spanning four counties in the Nation’s largest urban area, stretching over 100 miles of rail. 
In my county alone, Riverside County, this Federal funding, in partnership with local selfhelp tax dollars, has made possible nearly a half billion dollars in freight projects that are cleaning our air, making our constituents safer, and making the national economy more efficient. However, of these 16 projects on the same corridor, the highest cost project was $67 million. Yet, together, they have had a tremendous impact on the transportation system. 
My amendment ensures that this momentum can continue, not just in my district, but in all communities that are impacted by our national freight system. This is an easy technical fix, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Mr. SHUSTER. The Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program is the core reform, a new program in this bill. It is fundamental to this bill’s redirecting us back to our national interests on these freight corridors and these major projects. 
count toward the $100 million threshold for eligibility would actually destroy the very purpose of the program, to provide funding for largescale projects, that is, largescale projects that States cannot fund with their $4 million that they get. 
what the Senate bill does. The Senate bill puts it out in formula. That is not going to solve the problem. This program will solve some of those problems that States cannot fund with, again, the money that is coming from their formulas. 
fall under this category, as do large highway expansion projects. The only exception is a 10 percent setaside for smaller freight projects with an impact on interstate commerce. 
Freight and Highway Projects program in this bill was carefully crafted and negotiated with our ranking member and the folks on the other side of the aisle, and we believe the program is properly structured. So, again, I would oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). 
of my fellow Inland Empire colleague, Mr. TAKANO ’s amendment to the surface transportation bill, which would clarify project eligibility under the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program. 
bridges is crucial for the Inland Empire, a region of San Bernardino and Riverside Counties that Congressman TAKANO and I represent. 
Working families need reliable transportation and infrastructure to get to and from work, to get their children to school, and to have the ability to play a role in our regional, State, and national economies. 
local projects to meet that $100 million threshold to qualify for the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program that otherwise wouldn’t meet the requirements and would be excluded from Federal funding. 
The Valley Boulevard grade separation in Colton is just one program in San Bernardino County that would benefit directly from this project, one of many throughout California and the Nation. 
Bernardino and Riverside County residents, as well as millions of working families and public safety officials who 
require the grade separations throughout our country, who rely on transportation and infrastructure each and every day. 
just again say I know where the gentlemen are coming from. I have not been there once. I have not been there twice. I have been there several times. 
known problem in the transportation world because of the congestion, your ports. It is an important part of the country, but, again, this Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program was carefully crafted to make sure that there are other places in the country that we can get those projects. 
ones is really going to take away from the focus of this program and the focus of this bill, to try to get us looking back at what our national priorities are, when that has to be moving freight. 
One of those key places is the Port of 
Los Angeles, Long Beach, but there are places around the country, and we think this program is going to be able to address those with large sums of money, not bits and pieces flowing out there. 
where you are coming from. I have been there. I understand the problems in southern California, but I would have to oppose this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I appreciate the sentiment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that he has been to our region and understands the importance of making sure that freight through rail is moved expeditiously. 
this amendment. I wish that the gentleman would have a change of heart. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. TAKANO. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
Page 70, line 24, strike ‘‘10 percent’’ and insert ‘‘20 percent’’. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) and a 
Madam Chair, I would like to begin by thanking the chairmen and ranking members of the full committee and the subcommittee for their work on this bipartisan bill. 
I worked very hard to become a member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee because I wanted very much to be part of a team that gets things done. 
many of my constituents back in Ventura County questioned whether the 114th Congress could get a surface transportation bill through the House. 
far on the bill is a testament to the good work that Congress can do when we work together in a bipartisan way, through the committee process, to get things done for the American people. I am also very appreciative of the Rules Committee for making my amendment in order this evening. 
fix a small problem with the new freight program and would allow small and midsized communities an opportunity to compete for a slightly larger piece of the pie. 
that we absolutely must address capacity issues along longhaul routes and freight corridors. We must address the costly and timeconsuming bottlenecks within congested metropolitan areas. We must also address the first and lastmile connections to our ports, freight yards, and other job centers in our communities. 
However, Madam Chair, I am concerned that the freight program created in this bill includes a minimum project threshold of $100 million. Let me repeat: $100 million is the minimum threshold. Many of us represent small and midsized communities. 
have struggled over the past few years to address freight bottlenecks in our community, including along Rice Avenue, where we have seen far too many deadly accidents in recent years. 
Ventura County and many other small and midsized communities across the country won’t be able to fully compete for the freight program. We just don’t have the resources back home to compete with these large projects. 
have freight bottlenecks. All that I am seeking is to ensure that small and midsized communities like my county, Ventura County, can better compete. 
Madam Chairman, my simple amendment would increase the small project setaside from 10 percent to 20 percent of the available resources to allow 
more communities across the country to compete for these limited resources. The small project threshold is $5 million or more. 
My amendment will still leave 80 percent of the money for larger projects. Increasing the small project setaside will not guarantee funds for any specific project, but it will give many of our districts at least a fighting chance to compete for onefifth of the funds under the new freight program. 
Madam Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I rise 
say first to the gentlewoman from California thank you for your valuable contribution in putting this bill together and your hard work in committee. We thank you for that. You played an important role in developing this bill. 
Once again, the Nationally Significant Freight and Highways Projects program in the bill was carefully crafted. We do have a 10 percent setaside, as you mentioned, for some of these smaller programs and projects, but the idea is to really have these large projects. Let’s focus on them. 
and that region, you have numerous projects there that are going to far exceed $100 million. Around the country, whether it is in Texas or in New Jersey or in New York, we have got these projects. We believe that we have crafted this to be able to really get those dollars to those projects to be able to move them forward. 
if you cobble together a couple of smaller ones, then you take away money for smaller projects. Then we are not going to get the impact that we need. 
So, again, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s passion, and I appreciate her work on the committee. But at this time, I have to oppose the amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Madam Chair, I will close. I just would like to reiterate that my amendment will simply increase the small project setaside, which will leave 80 percent of the limited funds in the program for large projects. 
win. A small project may not win at all, but it is just giving us, the small and midsized communities, an opportunity to compete. 
million is just an insurmountable sum, but we can and want to compete under the freight program for very important projects. 
of his work on this important bill. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . COSTELLO  
to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) and 
Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Chair, I rise to ask for a simple bipartisan amendment along with my fellow Transportation and Infrastructure Committee member, Representative DANLIPINSKI of Illinois. 
minor modification to the Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects grant program. This amendment would not change any dollar threshold or increase funding to the program, nor would it increase the cost of the overall bill. 
bill, large grants, as they are defined, meaning those in excess of $100 million, are eligible for four types of programs: one, freight projects on the National Highway Freight Network; two, highway or bridge projects on the National Highway System; three, intermodal or freight rail projects on the National Multimodal Freight Network; and, four, railwayhighway grade crossings and grade separations. 
However, the bill sets aside 10 percent of program funding for small projects defined as those projects that are less than $100 million. However, the bill only allows one of the previously mentioned four programs, freight projects on the National Highway Freight Network, to be eligible for this reserved small project funding. 
Pennsylvania, the structural integrity of our aging bridges and roadways is a major concern of my constituents and a personal priority of mine. I seek to 
add the other three programs to be eligible under the small projects definition. 
So I ask: Should a $50 or $95 million 
project to restore a crumbling bridge have less of a shot at program funding than a $100 million project? Or for the 55 shortline railroads in Pennsylvania, including three in my district, if they would otherwise be eligible for program funding to improve roadway grade separations, why should they not be eligible to compete for those dollars set forth for small projects? 
unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to it. 
Madam Chair, this is a very meritorious amendment offered by the gentleman. It provides flexibility for small projects under the Nationally Significant Freight and Highways Projects program. 
States and localities will be able to apply for funds to carry out a variety of project types, such as highways, bridges, intermodal, freight rail, and grade crossings. 
governments to do the most costeffective solutions to their problems that they know best. So I think it has great merit. I support it and recommend our colleagues support it. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Madam Chair, I urge support for this meritorious amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Secretary shall allocate the funds made available to the territories each fiscal year among the territories according to quantifiable measures that are indicative of the surface transportation requirements of each of the territories, which may include the use of population, land area, roadway mileage, or another measure determined appropriate by the Secretary.’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) and a Member opposed 
the amendment that I am offering together with my colleague from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ) 
brings rationality and logic to the allocation of Territorial Highway Program funds among the four smaller U.S. territories. At present, these funds are simply allocated as the Department of Transportation sees fit using a formula set back in 1992, I understand. 
the last 23 years, but now that I am representing the people of American Samoa, I want to be sure that Federal funds are distributed among the territories in a way that has some rational basis. 
we just have to live with the way things have always been done. I want to say to them that the assistance we get from the Federal Government is based on our real needs. 
constituents deserve to have their elected representative participate in decisions like the distribution of highway funds. We elected no one at the Department of Transportation where the decision is now made. 
however, does not override the experts at the Department. The amendment 
simply instructs the experts to use the data they have to set up an allocation based on objective, quantifiable measures that apply to all the territories. 
gets less as a result of that, so be it. Whether it is road distance or traffic volume—whatever it may be—let the Department ground its decision in some transportation reality. That would be a responsible use of Federal dollars. 
Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Chair, I certainly am sympathetic. I have heard from all of the territories throughout this process, and because of the paucity of funding in this bill, the funding to the territories, no matter what formula you use, is inadequate to the growth and the problems that they are experiencing. 
I am not opposed to the idea of developing and updating statistical measures to target the limited funds. My preference would be there would be more funds. 
by the Federal Highway Administration. They included consideration of population, land area, and road mileage of each of the four covered territories. 
with these allocations—obviously, that was 23 years ago—40 percent each to Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands and 10 percent to American Samoa and Northern Mariana Islands. 
change the formula that has been in place for two decades, I think we need to hear from the delegates of all four. I have been contacted by the other two territories that would be impacted who are strongly opposed, and I would certainly like to work with the gentlewoman and all of the delegates to see what we could do to have a fair and balanced update of the formula. 
tricky things around here. You change just one factor and you get dramatic differences at the other end. So we would have to first agree on criteria and proper factors and then direct the FHWA to run those numbers. 
in opposition and urge my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
Mrs. RADEWAGEN. Madam Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from the Northern Mariana Islands (Mr. SABLAN ). 
make one thing very clear. The amendment that the distinguished lady from American Samoa and I have introduced does not change the formula. 
But I also want to take the time to 
Member D EFAZIO and all the committee members who worked together successfully to bring this bipartisan bill to the floor. 
for deciding to increase funding for the Territorial Highway Program from $40 million to $42 million per year. 
The territories are some of the poorest parts of our country. We face a financial challenge providing transportation on separate islands and from one island to another island. I think the only territory that doesn’t have to do that is the southernmost territory in the Mariana Islands. 
receive from our fellow Americans. It is in the spirit of bipartisanship and with a deep respect for the wise use of Federal funds that Congressman RADEWAGEN of American Samoa and I 
Department of Transportation to use some rational basis for allocating the 
autopilot. It uses a fixed allocation it devised back in 1992 and has continued to use ever since, without thinking about any changes that have occurred in the last 23 years. 
not be spent willynilly. There should be some connection with the needs on the ground. 
amendment does not slice up the pie to take money from one area and give it to another. In fact, thanks to the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, the pie is actually getting a little larger. 
what objective measures the Department uses in allocating the territorial funds. It could be road distance, traffic volume, population, land area, or a combination, as long as the decision is based on some concrete reality related to highways. 
the need is simply good stewardship of Federal resources and American taxpayers’ money. We hope that the House agrees to this responsible approach and agrees to this bipartisan amendment. 
want to thank the chairman and the committee for their consideration. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . EDWARDS  
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 110, strike lines 3 and 4 and insert the 
the transportation system and reduce or mitigate stormwater impacts of surface transportation; and’’. 
Page 113, strike lines 22 and 23 and insert 
the transportation system and reduce or mitigate stormwater impacts of surface transportation; and’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 
amendment at the desk is consistent with the streamlining effort that has already been underway in this bill. 
they have put in yeoman’s work to make this a bipartisan effort. 
Ultimately, my amendment will reduce the overall cost of projects and the need for mitigation. If implemented, it will save money. 
storm water is a growing threat to water quality, aquatic ecosystems, and the fish and wildlife that depend on the health of these ecosystems. Moreover, the high volumes and rapid flow of storm water runoff from highways and roads poses a serious threat to the condition of our Nation’s water and transportation infrastructure. 
moving high volumes of untreated polluted storm water that rush off road surfaces, erode unnatural channels next to and ultimately underneath roadways compromising the integrity of roadway infrastructure, and increase the stress on storm water sewer systems, shortening the life of all of this infrastructure. 
The total coverage of impervious surfaces in an area is usually expressed as a percentage of the total land area. According to the Chesapeake Bay program, impervious surfaces compose roughly 17 percent of all urban and suburban lands in the Chesapeake Bay watershed. The greatest concentration of impervious surfaces in the bay watershed is the BaltimoreWashington metropolitan areas of D.C., Maryland, and Virginia. In fact, the Virginia Tidewater area, Philadelphia’s western suburbs, and Lancaster, Pennsylvania, are also regions in our watershed where impervious surfaces are greater than 10 percent of the total land area. 
concerns with not adequately controlling roadway infrastructure runoff, there are also serious infrastructure costs that are ultimately passed on to taxpayers and ratepayers. These can be avoided if transportation authorities do more to control and manage storm water runoff with the infrastructure assets they plan and manage. 
course, is to improve highway design to better manage storm water to avoid the costly damage that poorly managed storm water causes, and to move this up in the planning process so that thought goes in at the beginning how best to plan, design, and construct effectively, while also reducing costs. Now, that work is done near the end of the process, where mitigation is often used and costs are much higher. 
up the consideration of storm water issues in statewide and metropolitan 
consideration of projects and strategies that will improve the resiliency and reliability of the transportation system and reduce or mitigate storm water impacts on surface transportation. 
amendment to address the problem that is facing America’s waterways and infrastructure, and to do that early in the planning, which is more efficient and less costly. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Chair, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MR . CALVERT  
to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 164, line 8, strike ‘‘up to 10’’ and insert ‘‘up to 25’’. 
Page 164, line 10, strike ‘‘up to 10’’ and insert ‘‘up to 25’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ) and a 
highway bill, crafted by my friends, Chairman BILLSHUSTER and Ranking 
our colleagues on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, contains a number of important reforms to our highway programs that will benefit commuters across this country. 
establishes a pilot program that would allow States to conduct environmental reviews and make approvals for projects under State environmental laws and regulations instead of Federal laws and regulations. It is expected that this pilot program will save highway projects time and money, while maintaining the same environmental standards. 
The bill permits the State to designate 10 local governments to administer local projects under the new pilot program. However, for large States like California, New York, Texas, and Florida, limiting the program to 10 localities is simply not enough. My amendment would increase the allowable number of localities to 25 in order to 
allow more communities to take advantage of bringing down the cost and shrinking the amount of time required to complete highway projects. 
California State Association of Counties, local transit authorities, and CalTrans is not opposed. 
highway infrastructure continues to outpace the resources we have available. That is exactly why we need to support efforts like my amendment that can make more highway projects a reality by bringing their costs down and completing them more quickly. 
the amendment which will help our communities, counties, and commuters. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in part B of House Report 114– 325 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . SWALWELL  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 237, not voting 15, as follows: 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster LaMalfa Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Becerra Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Danny DeFazio DeLauro DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kaptur Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schakowsky Schrader Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Messrs. GRAVES of Georgia, POLIQUIN, WITTMAN, Mlles. MCCOLLUM and EDWARDS, and Mr. 
Messrs. HASTINGS, CARSON of Indiana, CONYERS, CAPUANO, DENT, Ms. ROSLEHTINEN, Messrs. DENHAM, NOLAN, CLEAVER, MEEHAN, and TIPTON changed their votes from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated for: Ms. MOORE. Mr. Chair, on rollcall No. 586, 
had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
evening of November 3, 2015, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote 586. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. MCCARTHYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
are in the middle of a healthy and bipartisan debate on the highway bill. This is an important process, and I am encouraged by the enthusiasm of all Members’ participation. 
I am encouraged, all right. While we rarely schedule votes later 
than 7 p.m., Members are advised that due to the number of amendments expected to be considered, it is likely we will need to vote late tomorrow 
evening. Members should be prepared for both late and multiple votes series tomorrow night. 
Members are further advised to expect a full day on Thursday as we will not leave until the House completes its work for the week. 
Mr. MCCARTHY. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. 
to tell my friend that the enthusiasm of the Members for late nights has a very short fuse, but I appreciate his efforts. 
gentleman from Maryland. We are into the process of regular order and giving feedback for everybody having an amendment. 
faster than we expected. I did not want to keep people too late, but I do expect tomorrow night will very likely be a late night and a multiple series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 196, noes 225, not voting 12, as follows: 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) 
Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Granger Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott 
Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . RIBBLE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 236, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Benishek Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Costa Cramer Crawford Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Hardy Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Katko Kind King (IA) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long 
McSally Messer Miller (FL) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruiz Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) 
Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden 
Walker Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fitzpatrick Fleming Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McNerney Meadows Meehan Meng Mica Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Shimkus Shuster 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Van Hollen 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MS . BROWN OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. BROWN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 216, noes 207, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries 
Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Womack Zinke 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeFazio Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann 
Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood 
LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Roskam 
Rothfus Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi 
Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wittman Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. LYNCH ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 160, noes 263, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costello (PA) Crowley 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Farr Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeLauro Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus 
Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 174, noes 248, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly 
Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hahn Hastings Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hunter Israel Issa Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Knight Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter 
Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett 
Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires 
Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott 
Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MS . BROWNLEY  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BROWNLEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 160, noes 263, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Courtney Cuellar 
Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa 
Honda Hoyer Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lujan Grisham 
Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Richmond 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Curbelo (FL) DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Rush Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) 
Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Trott Turner Upton Valadao 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from American Samoa (Mrs. RADEWAGEN ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 113, noes 310, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Bost Brat Buck Bucshon Burgess Ca´rdenas 
Carney Chabot Chu, Judy Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conyers Cook Costello (PA) Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Dent Dingell Duncan (TN) 
Emmer (MN) Eshoo Farr Foxx Franks (AZ) Gabbard Gibson Goodlatte Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Griffith Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hardy Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hinojosa Honda Huffman Hultgren Hurt (VA) Jeffries Johnson (GA) Katko Kind Kline Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Luetkemeyer Lynch Maloney, Sean McCarthy McHenry Mica Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Paulsen Pearce Peters Pingree Pitts Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley RosLehtinen Ross Rouzer Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell 
Adams Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Collins (NY) Conaway Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Engel Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Hahn Hanna Harper Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Labrador LaHood Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Slaughter 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres 
Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Yoho Young (IN) Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MRS . HARTZLER  
is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 226, strike line 13 and all that follows 
through ‘‘H ONEY BEES.—’’ on line 13 of page 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of division A, add the following: 
States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 1 of such title, are repealed. 
23, United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall apply to landscape and roadside development as part of a construction project of Federalaid highways if funds were obligated for the project before such date of enactment. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) and a 
unanimous consent that my amendment be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the modification. 
The Clerk read as follows: Modification to amendment offered 
Page 226, strike lines 13 through 21 and insert the following: 
Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 319. Encouragement of pollinator habitat 
United States Code, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this Act, shall apply to landscape and roadside development as part of a construction project of Federalaid highways if funds were obligated for the project before such date of enactment. 
chapter 1 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 319 and inserting the following: 
Mrs. HARTZLER (during the reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the modification. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the amendment is modified. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri. 
amendment gets our priorities right in our highway funding by prohibiting Federal funds from being used for landscaping and scenic beautification on highway projects. 
dollars to improve our roads and bridges, not plant flowers. 
was spent on landscaping and scenic beautification. With data showing over 61,000 bridges classified as structurally deficient and 65 percent of the roads in the United States in lessthangood condition, this is outrageous. 
but given today’s limited highway dollars, these initiatives are best left to volunteer organizations such as the popular AdoptaHighway program. 
are applied where they are needed most, and that is upgrading and improving our National infrastructure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I claim 
the gentlewoman’s concern about the condition of our bridges, and I have spent, as I spoke earlier tonight, a lot of time on that issue and, in fact, opposed the socalled stimulus bill because of the lack of investment in infrastructure, particularly bridges. 
there are some drafting errors in the amendment because it would preclude using these funds for rest areas, which I think is problematic. We have a crisis in terms of safe 
places for people to pull over, both commercial truck drivers and individuals. So I assume that the gentlewoman did not mean to preclude the use for rest areas. 
I know in the West, actually, we have used these landscaping funds when we do new construction or significant construction to reduce maintenance costs because we have high wildfire danger in the West and, if you can plant, basically, natives that will dominate, that are not tall, are not fireprone, then you don’t have to go in and mow two or three times a year in case some idiot throws their cigarette or cigar out of the car and starts a catastrophic forest fire. 
to the States to use these funds in that way, depending upon their conditions, I think is important. 
in past bills where they went overboard with this kind of stuff. I think the current restrictions on the program are such—and there is no mandate for the projects like resurfacing or anything else that is new construction. And doing it, as appropriate, to state ‘‘and including rest areas.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s concerns. I, too, share his concern. I want to make sure that rest areas are still allowed. 
the code that does still allow and permit rest areas, for States to be able to build them. This amendment does not address that section. So there still would be that option. 
make sure our highway tax dollars go where they are needed. This picture points out where they are needed and that 65 percent of our road system in 
our country now is in failing or is in bad condition. 
caused every year due to the crumbling of our highways. We also have 61,000 bridges that are considered structurally deficient. 
that the people spend every time they go fill up their car with gas—that those highway road dollars will go to roads and they are not going to go to highway beautification. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Transportation disagrees. We sent this language to them, and they said, yes, it appears, by repealing 23 USC 319, the amendment would remove the Secretary’s authority to approve, as part of the construction of Federal aid highways, the costs of landscape and roadside development, including acquisition and development of publicly 
owned and controlled rest and recreation areas and sanitary and other facilities reasonably necessary to accommodate the traveling public. 
So I am pleased that it was not her 
intention. But, according to DOT, this amendment would do that, and that would be very deleterious to the traveling public. So I would oppose the amendment, as drafted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), as modified. 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. HARTZLER. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Missouri will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
of United States Route 59, United States Route 77, United States Route 281, United States Route 84, Texas State Highway 44, or another roadway is designated as Interstate Route 69, a vehicle that could operate legally on that segment before the date of such designation may continue to operate on that segment, without regard to any requirement under this section.’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) and a 
allow trucks with current weight exemptions to be allowed to continue to operate at those higher weight exemptions after certain segments of highways in Texas are reclassified and redesignate as Interstate 69. 
weights, nor will it allow for weight exemptions for new trucks. This is a narrow amendment that does not include new trucks. It only allows those that are currently operating to continue to operate. 
Kentucky was able to include this exact language for their State whose industries were facing this exact problem. This amendment models Kentucky’s language, except that it includes Texas highways. I reserve the balance of my time. 
claim the time in opposition, although I do not oppose the bill. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. I support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FARENTHOLD. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
of us on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee hears a lot about trucks, bigger trucks and heavier trucks. I think by now it is safe to say that all 435 of us have heard a lot about trucks. It is a tough issue with strong feelings on both sides. 
about bigger trucks or heavier trucks, as my colleague, Mr. FARENTHOLD , 
said. All we are talking about here is allowing the State of Texas, through a rigorous licensing and approval process, to keep the same weight limits that are in place right now for certain trucks on certain stretches of our road, not bigger, not heavier, but the same. 
Unless we get this amendment adopted, the new blue signs for Interstate 69 in East Texas won’t just mean a new interstate. It could mean financial ruin for our loggers who already have a very thin profit margin and a very tough time for our timber industry. 
the amount of weight that all the loggers can haul on their trucks, which they have been doing safely and effectively on these roads for generations, even back when these same Texas counties were represented by our colorful Texas Democrat Congressman, Timber Charlie Wilson. 
matter where you stand on bigger trucks, to join me, Congressman FARENTHOLD , and Congressman G ENE 
amendment to allow the State of Texas to be treated in the exact same way that this same body treated the States of Kentucky and Mississippi just last year and help save these jobs. 
would like to add it is not just the forestry industry as well. Various farm and ranch, cotton industries, in certain areas, especially in south Texas, as U.S. Highways 77 and 281 are becoming Interstate 69, is making it very difficult for the very concrete trucks necessary to make improvements to those roads to travel on that road. 
this amendment. I thank Chairman SHUSTER for his work on this bill and 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). 
The amendment was agreed to. AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ROONEY  
to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of title I of division A, insert 
Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
allow, by special permit, the operation of vehicles with a gross vehicle weight of up to 95,000 pounds for the hauling of livestock. The cost of a special permit issued under this paragraph may not exceed $200 per year for a livestock trailer.’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROONEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support my amendment to H.R. 22, which would allow for States to give ranchers the flexibility they need in transporting livestock by truck. 
1.7 million head of cattle. Of that, there are nearly 1 million head of beef cattle cared for by the 15,000 beef producers across the State. 
place in overall cattle numbers. In fact, the top three ranking counties for cattle in my State are in my backyard, Okeechobee, Highlands, and Osceola Counties. 
cattle industry as a cowcalf operation State. This means cows are bred and calved in Florida, but the calves are then shipped out West for development and processing. Because of this, our cattle ranchers and beef producers rely on the shipping of cattle through the State and across the country in order to succeed. 
or rail, livestock needs special attention. That is why shipments are carefully organized to consider the needs and welfare of the animals being shipped. The livestock industry’s goal is to move the cattle between locations safely and as fast as possible to minimize the stress on the animals. 
Unfortunately, this is where Washington regulations get in the way. The current gross weight limit restriction for all trucks on Federal highways is 80,000 pounds, which limits how many cows can be hauled in one load. This restriction results in a partially empty livestock trailer, increasing the needs for more shipments, and ends up putting more trucks on the road. 
truck weight laws creates inefficiencies and forces livestock transporters to take indirect and longer routes. 
shipping their hauls nationwide, these constraints reduce the efficiency of their operation and reduce the slim profits for our hardworking ranchers. 
issue special permits for the transportation of livestock on trailers for up to 95,000 pounds. Focusing only on livestock shipping and allowing States to opt in to this program, my amendment would greatly benefit not only ranchers, but all American producers and consumers. 
on the road and lower costs for transporting livestock. I encourage my colleagues to support my amendment and take overly restrictive government red tape out of the equation of beef production. 
National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, the oldest and largest national trade association supporting America’s cattle producers. 
this amendment and make Washington work for America’s cattle ranchers instead of the other way around. 
was defeated to go to 90,000 pounds. This would go to 95,000. At least the amendment on 90,000 had an additional axle, which made it compliant with the Federal bridge formula that is not causing undue damage every time a truck went over a bridge. This amendment does not require an additional axle and goes even 5,000 pounds higher. 
Bridge Formula, and Federal Highway says that it has estimated that a truck at this weight with the number of axles they have is currently paying about 43 percent of the cost of the damage they cause to the system, and that is an underpayment of about $6,000 a year. The bill does allow them to be charged another $200 a year, but that is a pretty big deficit with an already substantially deteriorated system. 
very controversial and difficult proposition because we have to look out for the taxpayers in terms of undue wear and tear to an already fragile and deteriorated system. 140,000 bridges, as we mentioned numerous times already, need repair or replacement, and, unfortunately, I believe this would accelerate that problem. So I appreciate the gentleman’s advocacy for a significant industry in his district, but I would have to oppose that increase. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I would just say in response that, yes, the amendment increases the cap 
of weight on these trucks; but if we look at it from the standpoint of each individual State, including my own, we have to think about things like trucks hiding on local roads, and some of those bridges you were talking about that are most vulnerable are on those local roads. We also allow for States to be able to charge a small yearly fee to livestock haulers so that they can more efficiently transport their loads. 
So when we talk about actually reducing the number of trucks on the roads, getting them from outside of the shadows of these small, local county and municipal roads so that they are avoiding the interstates, plus the fee that we will be able to charge, I think that the overall result will be actual safer roadways. 
We actually have a weight mile formula we charge to the trucking industry. Federally, when I first served here, the industry tried to preempt it a number of times and never did. It is now widely recognized as one of the fairer systems in the States because it apportions according to scientifically based research, much of it done at Oregon State University in the labs there, the impacts of individual vehicles. 
In this case, DOT says that these vehicles would cause an additional $6,000 pervehicle peryear damage on the Federal system, and they would be charged $200. I don’t think that is a fair return to the taxpayer, and I urge Members to oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROONEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
to consider amendment No. 40 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A, add the following: 
transit facility that is damaged by an emergency that is declared by the Governor of the State and concurred in by the Secretary of 
Homeland Security or declared as an emergency by the President pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) 
and that is in operation or under construction on the date on which the emergency occurs— 
U.S.C. 1531 et seq.), except when the reconstruction occurs in designated critical habitat for threatened and endangered species; 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) and 
the need to help communities impacted by a national disaster get back on their feet without facing unnecessary regulatory obstacles. Families, businesses, and all members of the community may face significant challenges when the roads, bridges, transit, and other infrastructure they use on a daily basis are not acceptable and not repaired in a timely manner. 
what we can to protect the environment from harm. However, we should carefully consider regulations currently in place that delay transportation infrastructure projects and remove or reform regulations that are inefficient, redundant, or harmful. 
timeconsuming environmental reviews required for rebuilding disasterdamaged infrastructure in this category. Those who might argue there is already enough flexibility in current law, in communities to efficiently restore their critical infrastructure after a natural disaster or during a state of emergency should consider the following information from the Federal Highway Administration: 
FHA estimates that it takes an average of 58 months—that is almost 5 years—for transportation projects to complete the NEPA process, and, since 2010, Federal permitting holdups have delayed at least nine transportation 
removing reconstruction projects for critical disasterdamaged infrastructure from this drawnout process. No community trying to rebuild and restore its critical infrastructure after a natural disaster should have to endure such a long delay simply to rebuild infrastructure that has already been built before. 
by legislation introduced by Senator TOOMEY in the last Congress and Democratic Senator Ben Nelson before him, is intended to speed up reconstruction efforts. My proposal would exempt projects to rebuild any road, highway, railway, bridge, or transit facility that is damaged in a declared emergency from additional environmental permitting. 
note that my amendment may only apply to projects where the same structure its being rebuilt. In other words, damaged infrastructure would need to be reconstructed in the same location and with the same capacity, dimensions, and design as before the emergency. 
It should be common sense that additional environmental reviews of this sort aren’t a good use of taxpayer money and aren’t helpful to disaster victims. Some commonsense streamlining is appropriate in these challenging cases. Because of this, this proposal has been supported by a number of groups, including CamTran, the transit agency for Cambria County, Pennsylvania; the National Association of Counties; the Pennsylvania Association of Township Supervisors; the Pennsylvania State Association of Boroughs; the County Commissioners Association of Pennsylvania; Southeast Pennsylvania Transit Authority; and National Stone, Sand & Gravel; as well as Americans for Prosperity. 
Mr. Chairman, I urge all my colleagues to advance this commonsense reform and help communities recover after natural disasters by voting ‘‘yea’’ on my amendment. 
statutes that the gentleman is talking about already specifically have waivers and exceptions for natural disasters for emergency reconstruction under the Clean Water Act, under the Endangered Species Act, under NEPA just enacted 3 years ago in MAP–21, so this seems perhaps to be broader. I don’t fully understand the implications. But if you look at the Minnesota bridge collapse, you look at the reconstruction of Vermont after the catastrophic hurricane flooding a few years ago, if you 
look at work in Louisiana, all these waivers were put into effect, and the projects were not unnecessarily delayed. 
general grant, and I don’t fully understand the implications and feel it could potentially usurp necessary review, so I would oppose the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
a simple remedy to follow after a natural disaster. Again, I look at my State of Pennsylvania with its many valleys and riverbeds, and I look at the people supporting or who have supported this type of proposal before: again, the National Association of Counties, Pennsylvania Association of Township Supervisors, and Southeast Pennsylvania Transit Authority. 
We need to make sure that our communities have a robust capacity and ability to respond in the event of a disaster, and that is what the point of this amendment is. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 41 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A, add the following: 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
PLAN .—A recipient of Federal financial assistance under this title for a megaproject shall, in order to be authorized for construction, submit to the Secretary a comprehensive risk management plan that contains— 
‘‘(ii) maintain and regularly reassess financial reserves for addressing known and unknown risks. 
financial assistance under this title for a megaproject shall, not later than 90 days after the date when such megaproject is authorized for construction, establish a peer review group for such megaproject that consists of at least 5 individuals (including at least 1 individual with project management experience) to give expert advice on the scientific, technical, and project management aspects of the megaproject. 
group has a conflict of interest relating to the project; and 
for such selection and the identity of members so selected. 
‘‘(ii) not later than 90 days after the date of 
the establishment of the peer review group and not later than 90 days after the date of any significant change, as determined by the Secretary, to the scope, schedule, or budget of the megaproject, review the scope, schedule, and budget of the megaproject, including planning, engineering, financing, and any other elements determined appropriate by the Secretary; and 
each review under clause (ii) to the Secretary, Congress, and the recipient. 
type of each engineer supervising an aspect of the megaproject; and 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and 
this bipartisan amendment establishes an independent peer review group to assess the quality assurance, cost containment, and risk management and, in addition, creates a stricter cost 
management plan for Federal transportation projects that cost over $2.5 billion. So it is only Federal projects over $2.5 billion. It doesn’t apply to anything below $2.5 billion. 
projects are vital to our country’s development and its economic growth. Unfortunately, 9 out of every 10 megaprojects experience cost overruns and suffer significant delays. This is according to an extensive research project out of Cambridge University in England. Current law already requires financial reporting for projects costing more than $500 million, but no additional oversight, such as what we have in this bill, exists for the largest and most complex megaprojects. 
Projects like the San FranciscoOakland Bay Bridge, the I–265 bridge between Kentucky and Indiana, the Big Dig in Boston, the Tappan Zee Bridge in New York, and Denver International Airport—all of these projects would have benefited greatly from a comprehensive risk management plan and an independent peer review group, according to the experts. 
system that manages costs, foresees risks, and holds decisionmakers accountable. In my prior life as a member of the California State Legislature and the State senate, we had a bipartisan investigation and public hearings as to what went wrong and what lessons could be learned from our overruns on the OaklandSan Francisco Bay Bridge replacement that was replaced, a project that was $5 billion overbudget and 10 years late. 
in 1989 because of the Loma Prieta earthquake. The idea in this bipartisan review was just to learn what we could from our experience and not to cast any judgments. Amongst the most significant things we were told were the implementation of a rigorous, with the least conflict of interest possible, peer review group and a more rigorous cost assessment and cost review process. 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment establishes that independent peer review group consisting of at least five individuals, without conflicts of interest, tasked with giving expert advice on scientific, technical, and management aspects of the megaproject. The amendment saves taxpayer dollars and reduces project timelines by requiring a comprehensive risk management plan that includes a description of identified risks associated with the project, proposed mechanisms to manage such risks, and updated cost estimates, among others. 
pleased to join my colleague from California to support this effort to rein in cost overruns on large, complex projects that end up costing taxpayers far more than original estimates. Too often, extremely large projects 
suffer from extreme cost overruns that not only fail to provide good value to taxpayers, but damage other infrastructure by absorbing funds that could support other transportation projects. 
State’s highspeed rail proposal is estimated to cost over twice what voters were promised, and no honest observer actually believes that estimate is even high enough at twice. The project’s growing costs threaten funding for every other aspect of California’s transportation system, including key infrastructure that people are demanding like roads and highways, or in this time of record drought in California, with unlimited funds, maybe even for water storage projects in that area. 
were in place today, Congress would have the benefit of an independent peer review analysis when determining whether to provide funding, and the project would have prepared a detailed risk management plan to control costs—very similar to when I was a State senator in California, S. 22, to do this very same thing similarly on high speed rail at the time. 
Policymakers need accurate and partial information to make decisions, and this amendment will ensure that information is available. 
amendment, I believe, is unnecessary. Special requirements and protections are already in place for any project costing more than $500 million, a much lower threshold than proposed by the gentleman’s amendment. 
management plan that documents procedures to manage the scope, costs, schedules, and Federal requirements applicable to the project. The plan must also document the role of the agency’s leadership and the project management team in delivering the project. 
place an annual financial plan that provides detailed estimates of the cost to complete the project, including future increases in the cost of the project. 
Again, it is already in the bill. It is 
at a much lower threshold than the gentleman’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, 
The gentleman from California has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to thank the chairman. I also want to thank him for his coaching and helping me through a prospective working mistake. 
the chairman is much more knowledgeable than I am—it is the intention at least of the author that this would be in addition to. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
to consider amendment No. 42 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
the designee of the gentleman from Maryland. I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of subtitle D of title I of Division A, add the following: 
States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘the price of’’ and all that follows through ‘‘transportation is’’ and inserting ‘‘the regulation of tow truck operations’’. 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
like to begin by thanking Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIOfor their hard work on the underlying bill and for considering Congressman VANHOLLEN ’s and my amendment. 
merely restore the ability of State and local governments to regulate the tow truck industry. 
Federal Aviation Administration Act of 1994 that defined the tow truck industry as an interstate carrier, State and local regulation of tow truck operations has been preempted. 
the Interstate Commerce Termination Act struck down the Federal regulatory body that was overseeing the towing industry. So it essentially left it without any oversight despite widely reported consumer abuses. 
In the years since, a number of conflicting court rulings have been made on cases between tow operators and localities. Some decisions have upheld some aspects of local regulations and others have stayed silent. 
With no Federal regulator and a confusing patchwork of Federal preemption and judicial rulings, no level of government has been able to adequately regulate the towing industry. 
led to more than two decades of major misconduct by some unscrupulous towing companies, and these bad operators continue to taint an otherwise much needed and respectable profession. 
towing regulators. They have an established body of law in place to do so. 
Mr. Chairman, in my family automobile business, we have long run our own tow trucks. We have contracted with independent tow truck companies for decades. Most of them are hardworking, honest, small businesses. They work long days and nights, weekends, in all kinds of weather, but they are given a bad name by the few, but real, irresponsible operators in the industry. 
I would just like to note our amendment is supported by the largest trade association representing small business trucking professionals and professional truck drivers, the OwnerOperator Independent Drivers Association. 
no opportunity for motorists to negotiate services or compare prices among multiple towing operators. So it is critical that States have the ability to enact important consumer protections. 
amendment and end unnecessary and impractical Federal overreach. Return this important authority to the States and help end our constituents’ frustrations with abusive towing practices. 
claim the time in opposition, even though I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I believe the gentleman’s amendment is a sound amendment. I support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MR . MICA 
to consider amendment No. 43 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
House Resolution 507, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA) and a Member 
Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, my colleagues, I know the chairman and the ranking member have done yeoman’s work in bringing this bill forward, and the staff have also done great work. 
been there and tried to do this, done it, and it is very difficult. Sometimes you try not to interfere in the process, but from time to time an issue comes up that you try to negotiate and make sense out of. 
the committee bill, the bill before us, the committee has already allowed for a very limited number of automobile transporter vehicles to increase their length from 75 to 80 feet, some 5 feet, which will accommodate approximately one more vehicle. 
for the way to correspondingly provide for, again, the increase in the length. I have tried to negotiate between the industry. I do not support 91,000 pounds. I do not support 88,000 pounds. I do not support 86,000 pounds. 
What I said is: What would it take to 
transport one more vehicle? There are 12,000 of these vehicles across the country. About what weight would it take to add one more vehicle to the length that is already in this bill? And it is about 4,000 pounds. 
would allow in this limited instance to go to 4,000 pounds because the committee draft and bill before us has, again, a provision to increase and allow, again, the additional 5foot length. 
empty. We could actually force more vehicles on the road by not allowing 
this amendment. Actually, giving them the length, but not the capacity to carry, doesn’t make sense. So that is my amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Chairman, I 
rise in opposition to this particular amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA). 
This amendment would raise the allowable gross vehicle weight of automobile transporters to 84,000 pounds, as was stated. It would also allow higher allowable axle weight, up to 5 percent above levels set in current law. 
provide an exemption for the extra length to allow additional vehicles to be added to an automobile transporter. 
are very controversial and have the potential to weaken support for an otherwise carefully negotiated bill. 
I ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MICA. Mr. Chairman, I am very 
disappointed that the other side of the aisle would not consider this a well thoughtout, reasonable amendment. 
5 additional feet. It would accommodate another vehicle, but no accommodation for weight. That just does not make sense. We are talking about a very limited number of transporting vehicles. 
So even having offered on many occasions folks on the other side to present reasonable amendments and given that opportunity and not being allowed that tonight, Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MS . DELBENE  
to consider amendment No. 44 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
shall make publically available a report on the Frontline Workforce Development Program for each fiscal year, not later than December 31 of the year in which that fiscal year ends. The report shall include a detailed description of activities carried out under this paragraph, an evaluation of the program, and policy recommendations to improve program effectiveness. 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE) and a 
for their work on this important bill. I would also like to thank Congresswoman FOXX for cosponsoring this 
straightforward, and will ensure the Federal Government is getting the best return on our investment while helping the greatest number of people. 
through an innovative frontline workforce development program to train and recruit underrepresented populations for career pathways in transit maintenance and operations. 
forging local and regional training partnerships, these grants will provide targeted, handson training for workers across the country. This is critical for identifying potential workforce shortages in the future and filling those gaps with skilled workers. 
often referred to as ladders of opportunity. Helping people find goodpaying, longterm employment is the best way to ensure everyone has access to economic opportunities. 
is a great example of this. It will help lowincome Americans become selfsufficient by giving them specialized training to secure a career in the transit field and increase their earning potential, and it will identify the best ways to help the most people succeed. 
a report on the frontline workforce development program for each fiscal year. The report would include an evaluation of the overall program and would include policy recommendations to improve the program’s effectiveness. 
The amendment would not affect direct spending or revenue and is budget neutral, according to the Congressional Budget Office. 
improves the underlying bill, which will inject a sorely needed boost to our Nation’s infrastructure and economy. I urge my colleagues to support this bipartisan amendment. 
claim the time in opposition, even though I do not oppose the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s work on the amendment, and I support her amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. DELBENE. Mr. Chairman, I 
thank the gentleman for his support of the amendment and encourage others 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). 
to consider amendment No. 45 printed in part B of House Report 114–325. 
Page 184, line 22, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 185, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. Page 185, after line 15, insert the following: 
faith effort to improve the performance of the facility. 
‘‘(ii) CONDITION .—The Secretary may require, as a condition of issuance of a waiver under this subparagraph, that a public authority take additional actions, determined by the Secretary, to improve the performance of the facility.’’; and 
House Resolution 507, the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ) and 
too, want to give thanks to both Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO for their 
great work on this bill. It is absolutely amazing. Thank you so very much. 
local transportation agency to apply for a waiver from the current HOV degradation standard if the Secretary of Transportation determines that a waiver is in the best interest of the traveling public and that the State or local agency has made a good faith effort to improve the performance of the HOV lane. 
authority to take additional actions to improve the HOV lane. 
The current HOV degradation standard requires HOV lanes to maintain an average speed above 45 miles per hour 90 percent of the time during peak hours. I repeat: during peak hours. This arbitrary standard does not take into consideration or account the specific transportation concerns of each State. 
Over 60 percent of California’s highways are noncompliant by this Federal degradation standard, which means 
that California will be forced to spend limited resources on transportation projects that do not meet the needs of the general public. California will also have to reduce the amount of energy efficient vehicles that it allows in the HOV lane. 
issue and have found that they do not meet the minimum driving speed standard because of accidents, weather events, and other unpredictable events. The degradation standard is supposed to address manageable recurring congestion, but California is noncompliant in the standard based on manageable traffic events. 
DOT to recognize that there are special circumstances in each State that lead to lane degradation and that they do not always include recurring congestion. The amendment would allow the DOT to grant waivers to States and local agencies that apply based on their local congestion concerns. It would protect States against a one sizefitsall Federal policy that does not work for each State. 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. I thank the gentlewoman from California. 
California has unique issues with HOV degradation, and I believe a waiver process is appropriate. One size does not fit all. I think this is another example we can all learn from. California is different from Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is different from Minnesota. 
continuing to fight for this amendment. I know that Mrs. MIMIWALTERS , 
from southern California, was also an advocate for this. We went back and forth on the negotiations as it was in one minute and out the next; but I appreciate your perseverance and Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ’ perseverance in that we 
were finally able to get this amendment to the floor and come to agreement on it. I support this amendment, and I think it is the right thing to do. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
chairman for those kind words. I thank Mrs. MIMIWALTERS and Messrs. R OYCE  
I certainly look forward to continuing to work on transportation, and I thank the gentleman for hanging in there this late in the evening. I look forward to working with the gentleman and with Ranking Member DEFAZIO on 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Chairman, I move 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MCHENRY ) having assumed the chair, 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, had come to no resolution thereon. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Aaron T. Weston, counsel, of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE , SPACE , AND 
pursuant to rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a subpoena issued by the United States Merit Systems Protection Board. 
After consultation with the Office of General Counsel regarding the subpoena, I will make the determinations required under Rule VIII. 
Accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) at 11 o’clock and 23 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 22, HIRE MORE HEROES ACT OF 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–326) on the resolution (H. Res. 512) providing for further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut (at the request of Ms. P ELOSI ) for today. 
REVISIONS TO THE AGGREGATES AND ALLOCA TIONS OF THE FISCAL YEAR 2016 BUDGET RESO LUTION RELATED TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT  
in the Congressional Record revisions to the budget allocations and aggregates of the Fiscal Year 2016 Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, S. Con. Res. 11, pursuant to section 4509, a deficitneutral reserve fund for transportation. For purposes of budget enforcement, this adjustment is made pursuant to section 3110, which prohibits the use of guarantee fees as an offset in legislation, and section 3302, which requires transfers from the general fund of the Treasury to the Highway Trust Fund to be counted as new budget authority and outlays equal to the amount of the transfer in the fiscal year in which such transfer occurs, of such concurrent resolution. These revisions are designated for the Senate amendment to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act, as amended by H. Res. 507. Corresponding tables are attached. 
purposes of budgetary enforcement. These revised allocations and aggregates are to be considered as the aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to S. Con. Res. 11, as adjusted. Pursuant to section 3403 of such concurrent resolution, this revision to the allocations and aggregates shall apply only while the Senate amendment to H.R. 22, as amended, is under consideration or upon its enactment. 
Adjustment for SA to H.R. 22, the DRIVE Act: 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 
2017–2025 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
House Committee on Ways and Means 2016 2016–2025 total 
House Committee on Energy & Commerce 2016 2016–2025 total 
House Committee on Transportation & Infrastructure 2016 2016–2025 total 
reported that on November 2, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations. 
Act of 2002 to authorize the Department of Homeland Security to establish a social media working group, and for other purposes. 
inform you that I will resign my congressional seat in the U.S. House of Representatives, effective 11:59 p.m. October 31, 2015. , 
Some 25 years ago, I asked the people of 
Ohio’s Eighth District to send me to Washington on a mission to help build a smaller, less costly, and more accountable government. First and foremost, that has meant helping constituents and local officials cut through gridlock and navigate the bureaucratic maze to get things done. In Hamilton, we brought together the Army Corps of Engineers and local officials to get the Meldahl Lock and Dam power plant off the ground. In Butler County, we worked with officials at all levels to keep the veterans highway and Union Centre Blvd. projects on track. We made sure that Wright Patterson Air Force Base and the Springfield Air National Guard Base had the resources they need to support our men and women in uniform. And not to mention the tens of thousands of constituents we helped through casework, letters, phone calls, my open door program, and of course, Farm Forum. None of this would have been possible without the hard work of my staff, which has been firstrate from start to finish. Together, we did the right things for the right reasons and good things happened. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 24 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, November 4, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
House Resolution 512. Resolution providing for further consideration of the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 22) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt employees with health coverage under TRICARE or the Veterans Administration from being taken into account for purposes of determining the employers to which the employer mandate applies under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Rept. 114–326). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 3879. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to provide for covered agreements and contracts between the Secretary 
of Veterans Affairs and eligible academic affiliates for the mutually beneficial coordination, use, or exchange of healthcare resources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. F LORES, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ABIN, 
Michigan, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Mr. B RAT, Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. R OSS, Mr. N UNES , Mrs. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. L UCAS , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. S MITH 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. M ILLERof Florida, Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
ROTHFUS , Mr. B UCK, Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. 
GOHMERT , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. W ALKER , 
Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. 
BLACKBURN , Mrs. R OBY, Mr. S ALMON , 
MULVANEY , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. 
OLSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. R IBBLE , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
WOODALL , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. 
PERRY , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. K ING of 
Iowa, Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
POEof Texas, Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. C OLE, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , 
of South Carolina, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. J ONES , and Mr. H URD 
H.R. 3880. A bill to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from exceeding its statutory authority in ways that were not contemplated by the Congress; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Leasing Act to repeal provisions relating only to the Allegheny National Forest; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Grand Canyon Heritage National Monument in the State of Arizona, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of health care by the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. WITTMAN: 
H.R. 3884. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to promote and encourage collaboration between the Department of Veterans Affairs and nonprofit organizations and institutions of higher learning that provide administrative assistance to veterans; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 3885. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to include a single comprehensive disability examination as part of the required Department of Defense physical examination for separating members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3886. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the child and adult care food program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3887. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to increase certain penalties relating to commercial motor vehicle safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3888. A bill to provide for the implementation of a system of licensing for purchasers of certain firearms and for a record of sale system for those firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3889. A bill to require certain practitioners authorized to prescribe controlled substances to complete continuing education; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3890. A bill to exempt safe and sound 
depository institutions, credit unions, and depository institution holding companies from certain titles of the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Oxley Act of 2002 to exempt issuers with a total market capitalization of less than $2,000,000,000 from the auditor attestation requirement for internal control assessments; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. P OMPEO ): 
H.R. 3892. A bill to require the Secretary of 
State to submit a report to Congress on the designation of the Muslim Brotherhood as a foreign terrorist organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Ms. GABBARD (for herself, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M CNERNEY, and Mr. P IERLUISI ): 
Research, Extension, and Education Reform Act of 1998 with respect to grants for certain areawide integrated pest management projects, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
TAKAI): H.R. 3894. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to require the prompt notification of State Child Protective Services by military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense required by law to report suspected instances of child abuse and neglect; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 3895. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for combined heat and power system property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3896. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for qualified fuel cell property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3897. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for qualified microturbine property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3898. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for qualified small wind energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3899. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for residential energy efficient property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3900. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for solar energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3901. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for two years the credit for thermal energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3902. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for combined heat and power system property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3903. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for qualified fuel cell property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3904. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for qualified microturbine property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3905. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for qualified small wind energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3906. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for residential energy efficient property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3907. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for solar energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3908. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for thermal energy property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3909. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to expand the Veterans Choice Program, to amend title 38, United States Code to provide for the removal or demotion of employees of the Department of Veterans Affairs based on performance or misconduct, and for other 
purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ISRAEL (for himself, Mr. LARSONof Connecticut, Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and 
H.R. 3910. A bill to change the date for regularly scheduled Federal elections and establish polling place hours; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 3911. A bill to make technical amendments to the Act of December 22, 1974, relating to lands of the Navajo Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3912. A bill to amend the Small Business Jobs Act of 2010 to extend and expand the State Trade and Export Promotion (STEP) Grant Program; to the Committee on 
H.R. 3913. A bill to amend title XXIX of the 
Public Health Service Act to reauthorize the program under such title relating to lifespan respite care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3914. A bill to require that the United 
States flag be flown at halfstaff in honor of members of the Armed Forces who die in the line of duty in the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
States Government personnel, including members of the Armed Forces and contractors, assigned to United States diplomatic missions are given the opportunity to designate nextofkin for certain purposes in the event of the death of the personnel; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
using Federal funds to contribute to political campaigns or participate in lobbying activities; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. R EICHERT , 
RENACCI , Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. R OSKAM , 
Mr. R EED, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mrs. N OEM, 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K IND, Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. N EAL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. B LUMENAUER ): 
H.R. 3917. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the substantiation rules for the donation of vehicles valued between $500 and $2,500; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
designation of the week beginning November 8, 2015, as ‘‘National Pregnancy Center Week’’ to recognize the vital role that pregnancy care and resource centers play in saving lives and serving women and men faced with difficult pregnancy decisions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
PETERS , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. K IND, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C URBELO  
of Florida, Mr. B OST, Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
MARINO , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. K ELLY of 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mr. B RAT, 
Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L ARSEN  
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. 
LEE, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. H AHN, 
for designation of the third Tuesday in November as ‘‘National Entrepreneurs’ Day’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
legacy, and example of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on the twentieth anniversary of his death; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 156, urging the United States Congress and the U.S. Department of the Army to accelerate federal funding to improve military vehicle safety from rollover accidents; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
147. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of Michigan, relative to Senate Resolution No. 104, urging the Congress of the United States to reject the U.S.led nuclear agreement with Iran and press for a new agreement that will prevent all pathways to an Iranian nuclear weapon; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3879. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 3880. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and propoer for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3881. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 3882. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; 
H.R. 3883. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
H.R. 3884. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18 
H.R. 3885. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
By Article 1, Section 8 of the United States 
Constitution (clause 14), which grants Congress the power to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces and by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 18. 
H.R. 3886. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3887. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, section 8, clause 3 and Article I, 
H.R. 3888. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;’’ 
. . . among the several States . . .’’ 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
H.R. 3889. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 3890. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3891. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3892. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3893. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3894. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3895. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3896. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3897. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3898. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3899. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3900. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3901. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3902. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3903. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3904. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3905. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3906. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3907. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3908. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3909. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section VIII, Clause 18. The Congress shall have power . . . to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this constitution in the government of the United States 
H.R. 3910. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 4, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution 
H.R. 3911. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Executive the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer therefore. 
H.R. 3912. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States), and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes) of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3913. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3914. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United 
States Constitution. To make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval forces. 
H.R. 3915. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. 
H.R. 3916. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the 
H.R. 3917. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 699: Mr. P AYNE and Mr. W ALBERG . 
H.R. 836: Mr. F LEMING and Mr. C LAWSON of 
H.R. 840: Mr. K EATING , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 842: Mrs. W ALORSKI and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 863: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 953: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 985: Mr. W OMACK and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 990: Mr. T ONKO and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. W ENSTRUP and Mr. H UIZENGA  
H.R. 1288: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L ATTA , and Ms. 
H.R. 1343: Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 1401: Mr. H ILLand Mr. R ICEof South 
H.R. 1453: Mr. P OMPEO and Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 1545: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. F OSTER and Mrs. L OVE. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Ms. N ORTON, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 1571: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. F ARR, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
H.R. 1627: Mr. P OSEY and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1671: Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
H.R. 1763: Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. D ELBENE, Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. K EATING , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. 
H.R. 1942: Mr. G ALLEGO and Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 1969: Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. 
H.R. 2017: Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 2403: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. W ATSON  
H.R. 2515: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2540: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 2646: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
H.R. 2654: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C ASTRO  
of Texas, and Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 2710: Mr. R ATCLIFFE and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 2867: Ms. K USTER , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
H.R. 2902: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
CONYERS , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  
of Texas, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
York, Mr. B ERA, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. R USH, and Mr. V EASEY . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
LATTA . H.R. 2915: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California. 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. T OMPRICE of 
H.R. 3263: Mr. S CHIFF and Ms. C ASTOR of 
H.R. 3314: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. R ICEof 
H.R. 3410: Mr. L OWENTHAL and Mr. T ED 
H.R. 3411: Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , Ms. 
EDWARDS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. L IPINSKI , and 
H.R. 3459: Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. D OLD, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. H URDof Texas, 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. C ULBERSON , and 
H.R. 3651: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
KILDEE , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio. 
H.R. 3706: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 3766: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and 
H.R. 3780: Mrs. L OVE. H.R. 3782: Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 3783: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. S LAUGH TER. 
H.R. 3801: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
CRENSHAW , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, and 
H.R. 3841: Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. H ASTINGS , 
H.R. 3845: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 3856: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 3865: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. E MMER of 
H.J. Res. 70: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mrs. E LLMERS of North 
H. Res. 28: Mr. R ENACCI and Mr. C OSTELLO  
H. Res. 32: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. A LGREEN of 
H. Res. 112: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. P OCAN , and 
H. Res. 502: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. S MITH of 
Washington, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. M OORE , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. R USH, and Ms. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
114–32 offered by Mr. S HUSTER does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7677 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 2015 No. 163 
prayer will be offered by our guest Chaplain, Father Patrick J. Conroy, the Chaplain of the U.S. House of Representatives. 
Let us pray. Loving God, we give You thanks for 
giving us another day. We thank You for Your ongoing presence and sustaining grace in us all and Your concern for our Nation. 
and women who serve in the Senate. May they be encouraged by any movement that has occurred and may the hopes and prayers of the American people, and indeed the world, for healthy and productive legislation be met with results inspired by Your Spirit. 
faith. May the good intentions of all acting in this Chamber be rewarded by solutions to our struggles that benefit our Nation. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 