May 31, a looming deadline, the highway trust fund extension expires. I actually could have dusted off the speech I gave last summer, arguing against this illadvised measure to slide it into this spring. 
right back in the same spot. We will be stuck. We won’t have a longterm proposal. We won’t have a shortterm proposal. We will look at another extension. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to stop 
the stalling. Everyone ought to make a commitment that this will be the last extension that we take before we give America what it needs, a robust 6year reauthorization of the critical highway trust fund. 
does not slide beyond the end of this Federal fiscal year because Congress doesn’t act absent some sort of deadline, and do instead what we do best: stall, study, and sidestep. 
now, the 5 months until the expiration of this Federal fiscal year, we can actually give the people legislation they deserve. It is not that hard; except if you never start, if you don’t know how big the program is going to be, if you don’t get down to business, it is difficult. 
Now, I hear that the simplest approach, the most direct approach—raising the gas tax for the first time in 22 years—is somehow too hard, too difficult for Congress. It has been pronounced dead on arrival. It is off the table, according to our distinguished majority leader and the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
is this too hard for Congress? If it was good enough for Dwight Eisenhower to start the Interstate Highway System, if it was good enough for Ronald Reagan to call Congress to come back during his Thanksgiving Day speech, November 29, 1982, to more than double the gas tax, if it is good enough for 19 States—including, this year, five Republican States—to raise the gas tax, why is it too hard for us? Maybe it is because we have never given the people who care deeply about this a chance to make their case. 
for 52 months. We have not had a single hearing on Ways and Means on transportation finance. What if we allowed 
the Chamber of Commerce, the AFL– CIO, the American Trucking Association, contractors, local governments, engineers, environmentalists, mayors to come in and make the case why they support raising the gas tax? 
Maybe if Congress did its job, if it listened to the people, if it allowed the broadest coalition you have seen on Capitol Hill on any major idea to come in, take a couple days, work with Congress, explain the issues, dive into the details, actually show politicians that even the public supports it, maybe we could do our job, maybe we could have a 6year reauthorization, maybe we 
could put hundreds of thousands of people to work at familywage jobs all across America, making our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
work; have some hearings; do our job; produce the bill, and America will be better off. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WILLIAMS ) for 5 minutes. 
today to discuss a matter that is, frankly, getting out of hand. It is more than a matter; it is a problem. This is a problem that has expanded beyond the borders of individual American cities and into the international spotlight. It is a problem that is no longer a localized issue, but a national one that is spiraling out of control. 
Baltimore burned. We watched in disgust as lowlifes destroyed their own communities as local government helplessly stood by. We watched in anger that some could even think to justify this sort of behavior. I applaud President Obama for calling those responsible for the destruction who they really are, criminals and thugs. 
to participate in peaceful demonstrations, and I thank and respect those in Baltimore who exercised their constitutionally granted right, but, when the actions of a few infringe on the rights of others, we have a problem. When the actions of a few violent protesters dominate the 24hour news cycle, it takes away from the importance of the message, and it tears apart already fragile communities. 
responsible must be brought to justice. When a national chain pharmacy is set aflame, we ask if they will ever risk doing business in that community ever again. 
Mr. Speaker, it would take a whole lot of convincing to get me to invest my sweat, energy, and treasure in a city that has demonstrated the type of lawlessness we have seen in recent days, and that is a tragedy. It is a tragedy because these communities so desperately need structure, stability, support, and jobs. 
that will help reassure businesses that they will be able to safely operate in these communities. It is law enforcement that will reduce the risk that is currently holding back job creators from setting up shop. Mr. Speaker, communities must have law and order to succeed and prosper. I applaud those in law enforcement who have worked so hard to ensure that. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
would it be like if the Chamber and this government reflected the diversity of the American people? There would be a lot more portraits of women alongside all the portraits of committee chairmen of the past decades. 
when a competent, intelligent person who happens to be African American is hired for a job for which she is supremely qualified, which happened this week when Loretta Lynch was sworn in as our 83rd Attorney General. We wouldn’t still be talking about unequal pay for equal work. 
that truly believes in equality, that it is time to put our money where our mouths are, literally, and express that sense of justice on the most widely used currency in international transaction. 
Woman on the Twenty Act to build on the grassroots campaign known as Women on 20s, working to bring gender equality to our currency. Their public campaign has garnered more than half a million votes in support of putting a woman on a $20 bill. I loved the idea, and it was brought to me by a smart, 
young woman on my staff, Kate Johnson. To me, this isn’t just a women’s issue; it is an American issue. 
of the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to solicit recommendations from the public for a woman to be placed on the $20 bill. Women have inspired generations of Americans for their courage by challenging this Nation to protect the civil rights of all Americans. 
rights and equal protection under the law and for programs that serve the most vulnerable members of our communities. Women led us out of slavery on the Underground Railroad, taught us what the phrase ‘‘all men are created equal’’ really means by fighting for women’s suffrage and civil rights and have led in all sectors in society. 
When I go to the bank, when I use an 
ATM, when I travel overseas, the $20 bill is already widely used and in the purses and wallets of hundreds of millions of Americans. We all know that the almighty dollar speaks; but what if it had a woman’s voice? 
message that would be sent to a young girl in Chicago if she saw a portrait celebrating Rosa Parks or Harriet Tubman when she reached into her wallet to make a purchase. What about the young man in a country far away who maybe is still hearing damaging messages about the role of women in his country? 
Eleanor Roosevelt on the United States bill that represents power and success to him provides a new opportunity to show our common values about equality and inclusion in faraway places. 
put forward four exceptional female leaders for this honor: Rosa Parks, Wilma Mankiller, Harriet Tubman, and Eleanor Roosevelt. That is a great list, but there is no reason to stop there. The initiative has sparked conversations about the many great women who have contributed in significant ways to strengthening our Nation. 
passionate advocacy of women who have fought for civil rights and equality, as have my daughters and constituents in Chicago, many of whom are debating and weighing in on the candidates for this incredible honor. 
launched a campuswide campaign to champion Eleanor Roosevelt for the honor and not just because they were named after her. As a result of the campaign, students are participating in a national dialogue about her work advocating for child labor laws to protect kids and all workers from unsafe conditions and long hours, for gender equality, and safe housing. 
Now, I don’t know who will be chosen. She could be one of the women suggested already or any one of many other talented, impressive women in our country’s history. My mother, who 
is an amazing woman, would probably get my personal vote, but she is out of the running because, thankfully, she is still alive. 
our currency represent the contributions of women throughout our history. A woman’s place is in the boardroom, chairing the committee, in the laboratory, in the Oval Office, and, yes, even on our currency. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. 
said that, when the plan for the ancient city of Alexandria was presented to the great Alexander, his master builder pointed with pride to an ingenious way to honor the city’s namesake. All of the city’s water supply would be channeled to one great central fountain featuring a giant statue of Alexander and then flow from it to the surrounding city. 
his architect explained the symbolism. Water, the life’s blood of the city, would flow from Alexander to Alexandria. Alexander replied, ‘‘But water is not the life’s blood of a city. Commerce is the life’s blood of a city.’’ The statue of Alexander was placed, instead, at the entrance to the port. 
nationstates. Every nation that engages in trade prospers from it; every nation that fails to trade, fails to prosper. 
Today, international trade agreements are the means by which nations establish the terms of their commerce. This often requires intricate negotiations with trading partners, and our trading partners must be confident that the United States is bargaining in good faith and that what is decided at the bargaining table will not be revoked or redefined later at a congressional table. 
authority to regulate commerce with other nations. Congress, thus, has the final say over any trade agreement, but trading partners have to have confidence that, once the agreement has been reached, it represents the last best offer of both sides, a meeting of the minds that won’t be repeatedly altered after the fact. 
has chosen to exercise its responsibility by establishing the broad terms of the agreement that it seeks and then giving explicit instructions to our negotiators at the beginning of the process. If—and only if—these objectives are advanced in the agreement, Congress will then consider it as a whole package and either approve it or reject it. 
That process is called trade promotion authority. It stood the test of time. It has been used to the great benefit of our Nation in the past and has never been controversial until now. 
protectionist special interests. They fail to learn from the painful lessons of history. Protectionism is the fastest way to destroy an economy, as this Nation has learned repeatedly, including during the Jefferson administration and, again, in the Hoover administration. 
from a mistrust of this President’s judgment and competence, a mistrust I completely and unequivocally share. It is precisely because of this mistrust that the trade promotion authority sets forth some 150 objectives that must be advanced before Congress will even consider the resulting agreement. Once those objectives are attained, a majority of the Congress must still approve it. 
President to do his own thing; it binds the President to faithfully execute the will of Congress. Trade promotion authority simply continues a timeproven process through which Congress exercises its authority to regulate commerce at the beginning of negotiations so trading partners can have a reasonable expectation that their painstaking negotiations, compromises, and concessions won’t be ripped asunder and reopened when Congress acts. 
and Realignment Commission process worked on exactly the same principle. 
Let me repeat, this gives the President no new authority. It binds him to Congress’ will at the outset of negotiations and promises only that, if the objectives set by Congress are advanced, will the Congress agree, not necessarily to approve the agreement, but simply to vote on it without opening new issues or causing unnecessary delays. 
ports is not of a person, but of an ideal, liberty. It is freedom that produces prosperity, the free exchange of goods between people for their mutual betterment—the greater the freedom, the greater the prosperity. Trade promotion authority is the means by which this freedom is advanced among nations. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I, along with a good many of my colleagues, are on a mission of mercy. 
that has impacted the people of Nepal. A 7.8 magnitude earthquake has hit this country. It happened on April 25. More than 5,000 people have lost their lives; 10,000 have been injured; 2.8 million people are displaced, and 8 million people have been affected. Four Americans are confirmed dead. 
There is a little bit of good news. The 
United States of America has committed $12.5 million in relief for the country of Nepal, but that is not enough. I believe we can do more because $415 million will be needed for humanitarian purposes alone, Mr. Speaker. 
I am proud to say that a good many 
organizations are pitching in. One such organization is in my district in Houston, Texas, the Nepalese Association of Houston. The chairperson and president of that association, Mr. Ghimirey, has called a meeting; and I was honored to be in attendance, along with the secretary Mr. Nepal, and about 100 or more other people. 
make sure they do their share to help in this time of need, and I want you to know that we in the Congress want to make sure that we do our share to help in this time of need. 
Minister of Japan. One of the things that he said that stuck in my mind is that America provides hope for the world. America is emblematic of hope for people who are hopeless, help for those who are helpless. 
of the world. We cannot allow this situation to become anything less than what America has always been for the rest of the world. 
help has to be on the way. There has to be the help that can engender the hope that people so desperately need. To give them the hope they need, there is a bill that we have filed in the Congress of the United States of America, H.R. 2033. 
This bill provides temporary protected status for the people of Nepal who happen to be in the United States of America under a legal status. If they are here legally, they will be allowed to stay for an additional 18 months. They won’t be sent back to harm’s way in a time of crisis. 
to provide hope. By providing help and allowing those people to stay in this country, they can continue to work. They can continue to send money home. We have found from our research that $248 million in remittances were sent to Nepal in 2014. That is $248 million. 
to continue to work in this country and send that money back to their countrymen and women. America can do this. This is not a heavy lift. This is not immigration reform. This is something that we have done before. 
administration, for the people of Montserrat after the volcanic eruption. We did it in 1998, under the Clinton administration, for the people of Honduras and Nicaragua after the hurricane. We did it in 2001, under the Bush 
administration, for the people of El Salvador after two earthquakes. We did it in 2010, under the Obama administration, for the people of Haiti after a 7.0 magnitude earthquake. We can do it for the people of Nepal. 
This is not a heavy lift. It does not 
give anyone any kind of permanent immigration status. It does not change the law as it relates to immigration. It only says we will do what we can to help people acquire the hope that they need by allowing people here to continue to work, send money back to their home country, and not put them back there in harm’s way, having to live in the circumstances that might be detrimental to them. 
relief teams. These relief teams are bringing with them some temporary housing, which is important; this is important, but the real hope that we can help provide would be to pass H.R. 2033, so that people who are here can continue to stay. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ) for 5 
today to honor the life and accomplishments of an important man of America’s Greatest Generation, Dr. Thomas Frank Johnson. He faced life’s challenges head on, and, throughout all of this vast change, he always saw America’s promise above all else. 
influential economist, passed away last December at the age of 94 and was recently buried at Arlington National Cemetery. He served as a lieutenant commander in the Navy in the Pacific from 1943 to 1945 and remained in the Navy Reserve until 1980. 
Lynchburg, Virginia, and was a child of the Great Depression, which affected his economic and personal outlook. His philosophy was simple—as he would tell his children—time marches on, so 
his military service. However, as a humble man, he only displayed one picture of himself, on his patrol craft 1191 in the Pacific, escorting aircraft carriers and destroyers into battle. After the war, he remained in the Navy, traveling by train, bringing soldiers and sailors home—some to their families, some to hospitals, and some to their final resting places. 
rarely ever spoke of his time there. He simply moved on to the next phase of his life in postWorld War II America. After concluding Active Duty, Dr. Johnson completed studies in economics at the University of Virginia and was a member of the Thomas Jefferson Society. 
at the Department of Agriculture, specializing in the sugar beet industry, followed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. 
In the mid1950s, he served as the assistant commissioner of the Federal Housing Authority, in charge of research and legislation. He concluded his tenure at the Federal Housing Authority as acting commissioner. He then joined the American Enterprise Institute, where he influenced economic thought and public policy for another three decades. 
held senior leadership roles at the American Enterprise Institute, including director of economic policy studies. In his last year, he was the acting CEO. 
A man who did not seek the limelight, he had an uncanny ability to recruit and cultivate the foremost economic thinkers of our Nation. Dr. Johnson fostered the talent of at least three Nobel Prize winners in economics, including Milton Friedman, Jim Buchanan, and Gary Becker. 
Dr. Johnson influenced economic policy during seven Presidential administrations. He established a lunchtime forum for informal discussions with Cabinet Secretaries, financial leaders, and ambassadors. Even President George H.W. Bush would attend the forum. 
Mr. Speaker, Dr. Johnson was a humble and very forwardlooking man. While engaging with many world leaders and policymakers, he was always a very private person, seldom talking about himself. He also taught economics nearly his entire professional life at the University of Virginia, George Mason University, and George Washington University. 
was active in professional societies such as the National Association of Business Economists, serving as chapter president in 1971; Institute for Social Science Research; Royal Economic Society; National Tax Association; American Finance Association; Southern Economic Association; and the Cosmos Club here in Washington, where he often took his children to meet important policymakers and leading economists of the Nation and the world. 
deeply engaged in his local community, serving on the Alexandria Hospital board of directors, including a term as its president. He also proudly served on the Alexandria school board and the vestry for St. Paul’s Episcopal Church and Immanuel ChurchontheHill Episcopal Church in Alexandria. 
Mr. Speaker, my thoughts and prayers are with his wife of 63 years, Margaret Ann; three children, Thomas, William, and the Reverend Sarah Nelson; and seven grandchildren. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life 
and accomplishments of an important man in American life. Dr. Thomas Frank Johnson was 
part of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’, a time now referred to as the ‘‘American Century’’. He, like other nonagenarians, saw so much change during his life and faced life’s challenges head on. He witnessed a World War, a dozen presidents, the beginnings of commercial aviation and lunar landings, the construction and collapse of the Berlin Wall, the rise of China and India as world powers and other wonders. Throughout all of this vast change, he always saw above all else, America’s promise. 
economist shaping this nation’s public policy and a veteran—who died December 28, 2014, at 94 years of age. He served as a Lt. Commander in the Navy in the Pacific from 1943 to 1945. He remained in the Navy Reserve until 1980. 
For nearly 30 years, Dr. Johnson held senior leadership roles at the American Enterprise Institute (1958–87), including director of economic policy studies and in his last year Acting CEO. A man who did not seek the limelight, he had an uncanny ability to recruit and cultivate the foremost economic thinkers. Dr. Johnson mentored numerous AEI scholars— providing the ideas and discourse—and then editing the publications of the nation’s preeminent economists and public policy planners including Jean Kirkpatrick, Carla Hills, Irving Krystal, Herb Stein, and Murray Wiedenbaum. Dr. Johnson fostered the talent of at least three Nobel Prize winners in Economics including Milton Friedman, Jim Buchanan, and Gary Becker—wellknown members of the Chicago School of Economic Thought. Because of Dr. Johnson’s guidance and mentoring, other colleagues and assistants have also gone onto remarkable careers. 
AEI’’ and influenced economic policy during seven presidential administrations—John F. Kennedy, Lyndon B. Johnson, Richard M. Nixon, Gerald R. Ford, Ronald W. Reagan and George H.W. Bush. Dr. Johnson established the AEI cafeteria, a lunchtime forum for informal discussions with cabinet secretaries, financial leaders, and ambassadors. George Herbert Walker Bush was a regular. 
his own in professional journals and books such as Renewing America’s Cities. He served on the commission for urban renewal under three Virginia Governors—Linwood Holton, Miles Godwin and Bob Dalton. In 1980, Virginia enacted a law that implemented most of commission’s work with a $150 million appropriation—an enormous sum at the time—to renew Virginia’s cities. 
man. While engaging with many world leaders and policymakers, he was always a very private person seldom talking about himself. He mused why anyone would want to know about his past. He and his generation just didn’t boast—they just faced life every day and moved into the future. 
Over 94 years, Dr. Johnson achieved significant professional, community, and personal accomplishments. He was born Sept 27, 1920, in Lynchburg, Virginia, and was a child of the Great Depression which affected his economic and personnel outlook. His family had several reversals of fortune, including the loss of their tobacco farm near Farmville, Virginia. As a result, he didn’t believe in debt and paid cash for everything, including his home. His philosophy was simple. As he would tell his children, ‘‘time marches on, so must we.’’ 
military service to our nation. However, as a humble man, he only displayed one picture of himself—on his ‘‘Patrol Craft 1191’’ in the Pacific escorting aircraft carriers and destroyers into battle. After the war, he remained in the U.S. Navy travelling by train bringing soldiers and sailors home: some to their families; some to hospitals; and some to their final resting places. While very proud of his service, he rarely ever spoke of that time. He simply moved onto his next Phase—the post World War II America. 
and atrocities. Because of these experiences, Dr. Johnson respected people of all origins recognizing their fate could have easily been his. He often told his children about friends and colleagues who experienced incredible wartime escapes and journeys from Eastern Europe and Asia to America. He helped many of these immigrants, refugees go onto successful lives in the United States. These harrowing experiences are why he never lost sight of America’s promise. 
completed studies in economics at the University of Virginia (B.A. 1943, M.A. 1947, and Ph.D. 1949) and was a member of the Thomas Jefferson Society. He also attended Lynchburg College (1939–41). 
1949 and began his professional career at the U.S. Department of Agriculture (1949–51)— specializing in the sugar industry—followed by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce (1951–54). In the mid1950s, he served as Assistant Commissioner of the Federal Housing Authority (1954–58) in charge of research and legislation during the implementation of the urban renewal provisions of the National Housing Act of 1954. He concluded his tenure at the Federal Housing Authority as Acting Commissioner. This was a time of incredible American renewal in which he played such an important role in shaping. He then joined AEI where he influenced economic thought and public policy for another three decades. 
entire professional life at the University of Virginia, George Mason University, and George Washington University. He also lectured at dozens of campuses throughout the country. He was responsible for bringing scholars to George Mason and helping to establish its economics and law schools. 
Throughout his career, Dr. Johnson was active in professional societies such as the National Association of Business Economists, serving as chapter president in 1971, Institute for Social Science Research, Royal Economic Society (U.K.), National Tax Association, American Finance Association and the Cosmos Club in Washington, D.C., where he often took his children to meet important policymakers and leading economists. 
the local community serving on the Alexandria Hospital Board of Directors from 1965 to 1971, including a term as its president (1970–1971). As a patient, he never mentioned his leadership on the hospital board—even when getting a new pacemaker on his 90 birthday! He also proudly served on the Alexandria School Board (1974–1976) and the vestry for St. 
As we remember Dr. Johnson, with his family present today in the Well of the House Chamber, it was this humble member of the Greatest Generation and his contributions that made the American Century possible. He is survived by his wife of 63 years Margaret Ann (Emhardt); three children Thomas Emhardt (Julianne Mueller), William Harrison (Tracy Schario), and the Rev. Sarah Nelson; and seven grandchildren—Gaelen, Caleb, Eliza, Keegan, and Maren Nelson and Natalie and garret Johnson. 
gratitude for their achievements and their courage—facing down incredible challenges. We live in the greatest country in the world because of men like Dr. Johnson—ones that always believed in America’s promise for the future. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) for 5 
the Congressional Black Caucus will present eight or nine speakers on the Democratic side in just a few minutes. I am the first of many who will be speaking. 
our deepest sympathy and support to the family of Freddie Gray and to the citizens of Baltimore, Maryland. 
are not just about police misconduct. It is about pervasive poverty. It is about unemployment, lack of opportunity, hopelessness, and despair. 
Ferguson nearly 9 months ago, more than 25 bills have been introduced by members of the CBC that address the need for law enforcement accountability. Today, I call on my House and Senate colleagues to put aside partisanship and take up some or all of these bills. This issue has an impact on all of us. 
We must address economic disparities that face Black communities all across the Nation. Baltimore, Mr. Speaker, is not unique. 
America and the divide that has persisted for generations is due largely to our country’s history of disparate treatment of African Americans and lack of opportunity. 
While much of the country has experienced an economic recovery over the last 6 years, it has not reached the African American community. 
Recently, the CBC and the Joint Economic Committee released a report on the economic challenges facing African Americans. African Americans are struggling and continue to face high rates of persistent poverty, unemployment, longterm unemployment, as well as significantly lower incomes and 
States suffer poverty rates greater than 20 percent. These rates have persisted now for more than 30 years. The median income of African American households is $34,000, $24,000 less than the median income of households. The median net worth of White households is 13 times the level for Black households. Black Americans are almost three times more likely to live in poverty. 
At 10.1 percent, the current unemployment rate for Black Americans is double the rate for White Americans. Black Americans currently face an unemployment rate higher than the national unemployment rate reached during the recession. 
obtain education beyond high school than White students. They are less likely to earn a college degree. Even among college graduates, Blacks face worse job prospects than Whites. The unemployment rate for Black workers with at least a bachelor’s degree is 5.2 percent, compared to 2.9 percent for White workers. 
Fortyfour percent of Black Americans own a home, compared to 74 percent of Whites. 
the unemployment rate for African Americans is 9.9 percent, based on an unemployment rate of 3.2 percent for Whites. The poverty rate for African Americans is 27.5 percent, while for Whites it is 12.6. 
Right here, Mr. Speaker, in the District of Columbia, the median household income for African Americans is $38,300 for Blacks and $115,900 for Whites, a gap of $77,000. The D.C. poverty rate is 27.4 percent for African Americans, compared to 7.6 percent for Whites. 
story. These numbers are staggering, troubling, and problematic. It is time for a renewed focus on Blacks in America and a need for real solutions on issues that have persistently plagued our communities. 
some excerpts from President Johnson’s 1964 State of the Union Speech. And he said: ‘‘Unfortunately, many Americans live on the outskirts of hope—some because of their poverty, and some because of their color, all too many because of both. Our task is to help replace their despair with opportunity. 
said, ‘‘here and now, declares unconditional war on poverty in America. I urge this Congress and all Americans to join with me in that effort,’’ he said. 
‘‘It will not be a short or easy struggle, no single weapon or strategy will suffice, but we shall not rest until that war is won.’’ 
Nation on Earth can afford to win it. We cannot afford to lose it. One thousand dollars invested in salvaging an 
unemployable youth today can return $40,000 or more in his lifetime.’’ 
a national problem, requiring improved national organization and support. But this attack, to be effective, must also be organized at the State and local level and must be supported and directed by State and local efforts.’’ 
He said: ‘‘For the war against poverty will not be won here in Washington. It must be won in the field, in every private home, in every public office, from the courthouse to the White House. 
said, ‘‘will emphasize this cooperative approach to help that onefifth of all American families with incomes too small to even meet their basic needs.’’ 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
season again in Washington. It is that time of year when we have our annual budget debates and when we realize that only in Washington can an increase actually be considered a decrease. 
Later today, we will vote on a bill to 
fund the Department of Veterans Affairs. That bill increases the Department’s funding in real dollars from last year by 5.6 percent, and yet, my colleagues on the other side of the aisle claim it is a decrease, when, in fact, it is the highest level of VA funding ever provided to the Department. 
of Veterans Affairs who is peddling this same intellectually dishonest line as well, the Secretary of a department in which negligence in the past year contributed to the deaths of veterans. Those are the words confirmed by the Office of the Inspector General. 
Department, the Secretary, earlier this week, had the audacity to go behind closed doors with members of only one party and claim that somehow the 6 percent increase being provided by our committee will, in fact, further the VA’s failures of the past. 
exhibited a level of audacity only seen in Washington. If we are honest, it is an audacity that reflects a style of leadership likely to fail—fail the VA, but most importantly, it is going to fail veterans across the United States because, you see, here is the real story. 
of veterans waiting for health care and for benefits. We know there is malfeasance in VA construction, and we know the VA continues to declare veterans and dependents dead when they are, in fact, alive. But here is the most important and the most offensive part of the 
all this, this body has actually continued to trust the Secretary. 
came before our subcommittee, I asked him, point blank: What will it take to clear the veterans’ benefits backlog? And he said: Resources. We need over 700 more employees. We need an increase in resources. 
I think there is a culture that has changed. I think we need infrastructure and IT that has to change. But he said resources, and so we trusted him. Our bill provides full funding for his request to clear the backlog, and yet he continues to say that our side of the aisle somehow, in providing the request that he made of our subcommittee, is going to fail his administration. 
It is a despicable display of partisanship at the helm of a department that has no place for partisanship. And so a department that last year was defined not by its successes but by its failures is now needlessly defined by its politics. 
And you know the one thing the Secretary did not ask for? Additional funding for the Office of the Inspector General, the office that uncovered the negligence, that reported to Congress on the negligence. Zero increase in funding was requested. So our subcommittee stepped in and we provided an additional $5 million for that office. 
acknowledge that this gamesmanship, this leadership failure, should not reflect on the men and women who serve our veterans on the front lines every day. We have great men and women who serve in the VHA and the VBA. I have had the opportunity to visit with them. 
Just last week, at our local VA hospital, an elderly veteran was brought to tears telling me how much he appreciated the loving care he was receiving from the employees of the hospital. We must acknowledge their service, their contribution, every day, just as we acknowledge the failure of leadership in Washington, D.C. 
this week’s intellectually creative dishonesty, this week’s audacity is just Washington ‘‘small ball’’ peddled by this administration, but with real consequences that undermine the confidence of the American people. 
5.6 percent increase actually a decrease. It is appropriations season. It is, indeed, silly season again in Washington, D.C. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. CLYBURN ) for 5 
to join my friend and chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, G.K. BUTTERFIELD , in offering condolences to the parents and family members of 
I also want to say to Ms. Toya Graham that I feel and can appreciate her anguish and the pain that she showed the world a few days ago. 
that I have also felt his pain and anguish, having been on the receiving end of such discipline from my mother. But I want to say to him that he can rest assured that the love of his mother, her passion for his future, will pay great dividends if he continues to show the deference to her love and affection and her concern that he showed when he was the object of her frustrations. 
Mr. Speaker, responding to the situation in Baltimore several days ago, President Obama said: ‘‘We can’t just leave this to the police. I think there are police departments that have to do some soulsearching. I think there are some communities that have to do some soulsearching.’’ 
But, he went on to say: ‘‘I think, we, 
as a country, have to do some soul searching.’’ 
calling for the country to do some soul searching. 
Let’s take a look at just a few of the 
school, Frederick Douglass High School, a school that lists among its graduates the likes of Cab Calloway, Thurgood Marshall, a school that I understand that the father of the current mayor of Baltimore also attended. 
Frederick Douglass High School today. Eightythree percent of them are listed in U.S. News & World Report’s index as economically disadvantaged, and only 53 percent of them are listed as proficient in English, only 44 percent proficient in algebra. 
Technical High is 100 percent minority, with 79 percent of the students economically disadvantaged. 
Coppin Academy, 100 percent minority, with 77 percent economically disadvantaged. 
Now, as we listen to all of the pundits, editorial writers reflect on what is taking place or has taken place in Baltimore, I would like to call attention to the lack of soulsearching that is taking place here in this body as we represent the people of America. We have just seen the conference report, or the budget, being proposed by the House Republicans. That conference agreement guts strategic investments in education, workforce training, public health, scientific research, advanced manufacturing, and public safety. It does nothing to help those Americans who are looking for jobs. It does nothing to boost paychecks of working Americans. It disinvests in America. b1045 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ) for 5 minutes. 
beginning of the last century, a godless totalitarian ideology moved from theory to practice when Communists took over Russia and a global war against freedom began. In the following decades, this ideology slaughtered millions across what was the Soviet Union. 
through mainland China, bringing another reign of terror that killed millions more and that still today limits freedom for the Chinese people. 
into Vietnam. Those living in northern Vietnam were its first victims. Like other lands under communism’s iron grip, Hanoi’s rulers killed hundreds of thousands of their citizens. Those who desired and had the means fled to the south. 
Throughout the 20th century, America fought against totalitarian ideologies that stripped people of human rights and dignity. 
II, we recognized communism as the single greatest threat to freedom. Indeed, well into the cold war, President Kennedy proclaimed to the world that we would ‘‘pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe in order to assure the survival and the success of liberty.’’ 
in Southeast Asia, more than 58,000 Americans gave the last full measure of their devotion fighting for the freedoms for which their nation stands. 
of the tragic fall of Saigon. In doing so, we remember the sacrifices made by our Vietnam veterans and their families, sacrifices that continue to today, such as when a Gold Star mother or wife looks at the photograph of a son or husband who never came home, or when a veteran makes a trip to the local VA for chemotherapy for a cancer caused by Agent Orange, or when a congressional colleague notices he does not have full use of a limb because of the torture he endured as a POW, or when the 65yearold veteran has the same repeated nightmares, or when a 40something son or daughter envisions the father he or she never got to know. The sacrifices are noble but painful. 
and will continue so long as humanity dreams of freedom, dreams like those of the thousands of boat people who risked their lives to escape Vietnam, including the 65 boat people President Reagan spoke of in 1982 who had the good fortune of being spotted by the aircraft carrier USS Midway . When 
they were picked up, they cried ‘‘Hello, American sailor. Hello, freedom man.’’ 
Embassy roof in Saigon 40 years ago, Vietnam has been under Communist control. And with Communist control has come a shameful human rights record. What was a hot spot in the cold war is now a cold spot for people aspiring to walk, to borrow a phrase from Hubert Humphrey, in ‘‘the warm sunshine of human rights.’’ 
with a purge that resulted in the deaths of thousands. Hundreds of thousands of refugees escaped. Many died in the process, but many survived. Some made it to America, where they pursued the American Dream. They have undertaken diverse endeavors, from running small shops in Orange County, California, to fishing operations in Louisiana, to practicing medicine in places like Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
the Communist regime, they must be everfearful of a government all too willing to crush freedom. Political freedom. Religious freedom. Freedom of the press. Freedom in family life. 
Falun Gong, and other religious minorities have been harassed, imprisoned, and persecuted for their faith. In Vietnam, hundreds of political prisoners are held in jail or under house arrest. The Vietnamese Government continues to restrain the press, and they have engaged in coercive population control practices. 
fought, and many died, to prevent the tragedies Communist rule would impose upon the Vietnamese, Laotian, and Cambodian people, the latter of whom suffered an outright genocide that killed millions. 
We are grateful that our servicemembers were able to save thousands of Vietnamese. 
To the Vietnam veterans who undertook Operation Frequent Wind 40 years ago this weekend in the chaotic days before Saigon fell, be proud you rescued 7,000 Americans and South Vietnamese. God alone knows the ripples in history that their having escaped will cause. 
As we look to the future, let us have 
a final accounting for all our MIAs. Let us insist that if Vietnam desires to integrate further with the community of nations, then it must allow much greater freedom for its people. And let us hope that the people of Vietnam will not have to endure another four decades of repression and that one day, perhaps this decade, the freedom for which our servicemembers died will finally take root by the South China Sea. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
thank my colleague from California, Congressman BARBARA LEE, for her 
Congressional Black Caucus. I, as well, am overwhelmed with the pain that we have seen not only in Baltimore, which we have seen most recently, but in cities like Ferguson, in North Charleston, in New York, where we have seen the convergence of poverty and the need for criminal justice reform converge. 
the family of Freddie Gray. We have watched them over the past couple of days. In the midst of their mourning to be able to stand up and call for peace, nonviolence, nonviolent protests, they should be honored. 
And to those in Baltimore, and particularly my colleague from Maryland—I will call him Congressman CUMMINGS with the bullhorn politics, 
the bullhorn leadership—he should be commended for the stunning and outstanding engagement, that he touched the hearts and minds of his constituents, walked those streets, to be able to acknowledge the pain, the poverty, but that there is a better way, that there is a way toward the stars that we all want our children to have. 
better for her son Michael. I want him not to be embarrassed but to be proud that he had a mother with such deep love that she wanted to take him away from doing it wrongly—not against protests, not against the quiet marching of the spirit of Dr. King, but to know that engaging in violence is intolerable and will not allow him to reach the very high heights that he can reach. 
the convergence of the need for criminal justice reform and the deep and abiding poverty in the African American community. One in every six Americans is living in poverty, totaling 46.2 million people. This is the highest number in 17 years. Children represent a disproportionate amount of the United States poor population. It falls heavily on the African American community. 
living in poverty. It falls heavily on the African American community. 
invitation for the door to open and say, let’s blame President Obama. President Obama has been a stellar leader on the questions of realizing the investment in people. From the stimulus that brought us out of the depths of collapse of the markets and a complete imploding of the capitalistic system, he provided the stimulus that moved us toward an economy where we were creating jobs. 
dastardly sequester that is cutting Head Start seats, not investing in infrastructure, not creating jobs or providing opportunities for our young people. 
So today I say that there needs to be 
a call for action. That call for action is that this Congress must get rid of sequester and must look at the Baltimores and must look at the Fergusons and Houstons and L.A.s and New Yorks and cities across America and realize that we are coming upon a summertime. And if we don’t act to invest in our children and to begin to give an agenda to release ourselves from poverty, we will have doomed ourselves. 
And I would offer to say that the inertia of moving toward criminal justice reform in this Congress is unacceptable. 
I call upon Members to come together collectively to be able to pass legislation, the Cadet bill that I have introduced, the Build TRUST bill. But, more importantly, I am calling upon our government to invest in our youth, to get rid of the poverty, to prepare them as they go into higher education, as they go into upper grades. We must have a program of summer jobs this summer, and we must have a collaborative effort with corporate America. 
up, corporate Baltimore. Wake up, corporate New York. Wake up, corporate Houston. There must be an investment in summer jobs, collaborating with the Federal Government to make a difference to lift families out of poverty. We do know that summer jobs with young people elevate families’ ability to pay their bills and to provide resources for their families. 
So if the story of Baltimore is any, it 
is one, don’t jump to conclusions. Don’t jump to conclusions that Freddie Gray tried to hurt himself. Don’t jump to conclusions that these young people don’t mean well. Don’t jump to conclusions that they shouldn’t have done what they have done. Jump to the conclusions that these are young people who are hungry and looking for leadership and are in pain, as Congressman CUMMINGS said. 
Help rebuild Baltimore. Help give them jobs. Help tell them that the improved relationships between police and community are going to be moved forward as a number one agenda for the United States Congress and this government that they call the United States of America. 
who nonviolently marched all over America, indicating Black lives matter and all lives matter. The Congressional Black Caucus stands to stamp out poverty, and we stand, Mr. Speaker, to bring opportunities to young people. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize the University of Kentucky’s SandersBrown Center on Aging, which was established in 1979 and is one of the original 10 National 
The University of Kentucky Alzheimer’s Disease Center, ably led by Director Dr. Linda Van Eldik and her outstanding team of scientists and investigators, supports and facilitates research with a longterm goal of enabling more effective translation of complex scientific discoveries to intervention strategies that improve the lives of patients. 
The SandersBrown scientists are focused on understanding the mechanisms involved in development and progression of agerelated neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias and stroke, and are seeking new knowledge breakthroughs to combat these diseases of the elderly. 
and outreach, provides clinical and neuropathological diagnoses and care of patients with cognitive impairment, and runs an active clinical trials program to test potential new therapies. These activities are critical because, with the aging of the population worldwide and in this country, agerelated cognitive disorders, such as Alzheimer’s disease, are reaching epidemic proportions, requiring a desperate need to identify strategies for effective therapeutic intervention. 
According to a recent report, an estimated 5.3 million Americans have Alzheimer’s disease, and that is in 2015 alone. This includes an estimated 5.1 million people age 65 and older and approximately 200,000 individuals under the age of 65 who have youngeronset Alzheimer’s disease. Barring the development of medical breakthroughs, the number will rise to 13.8 million by the year 2050. 
older will develop Alzheimer’s in the United States this year alone. To put that into perspective, every 67 seconds, someone in the United States develops Alzheimer’s. By midcentury, an American will develop the disease every 33 seconds. 
Alzheimer’s disease is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States and fifth leading cause of death for those age 65 or older. There is an enormous cost and financial impact of this disease. 
disease to society. Total 2015 payments for caring for those with Alzheimer’s and other dementias are estimated at $226 billion. Total payments for health care, longterm care, and hospice for 
people with Alzheimer’s and other dementias are projected to increase to more than $1 trillion in 2050. 
Medicare, when we talk about doing the things we need to do to save Medicare and keep our promises to our seniors, we have to recognize the critical importance and the return on investment that that investment in the National Institutes of Health can have. 
reform—and these are important debates—let’s pay attention to investment in the National Institutes of Health and particularly the underinvestment in the research that goes on in places like the SandersBrown Center on Aging. 
on our ability to keep Medicare solvent and also improve the lives of so many Americans. So I call on all of my colleagues here to join me in thanking everyone at the University of Kentucky SandersBrown Center on Aging for their contributions to continue the fight against Alzheimer’s and other diseases of the elderly. 
IMPACTS OF PERSISTENT POVERTY IN THE AFRICAN AMERICAN COMMUNITY 
EMMER of Minnesota). The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) for 5 minutes. 
send my thoughts and prayers to the family of Freddie Gray and the entire city of Baltimore. Today, another family is grieving another young life needlessly cut short; and, again, a community is searching for answers in the face of tragedy and injustice. 
too well. On New Year’s Day 2009, Oscar Grant, a bright young man, was murdered on the Fruitvale Bay Area Rapid Transit platform in Oakland. Our community took to the streets demanding justice. 
Brown, Tamir Rice, and Trayvon Martin and the list goes on, all lives cut short. Today, their stories compel us to come to the House floor to join millions of Americans around our Nation in saying that, like all lives, Black lives also do matter. 
many communities are not a new phenomenon. These tragedies, yes, are a part of a dark legacy of injustice born in the sufferings of the Middle Passage, nurtured through slavery, and codified in Jim Crow. 
On April 14, 1967, at Stanford University, Dr. King described these issues in his ‘‘Two Americas’’ speech. He said, ‘‘There are literally two Americas. One America is overflowing with the milk of prosperity and honey of opportunity. Tragically and unfortunately, there is another America. This other America has a daily ugliness about it that constantly transforms the ebulliency of hope into the fatigue of despair.’’ 
still exist nearly five decades later. An African American male is killed by a security officer, police officer, or a self proclaimed vigilante every 28 hours in the United States. One in three Black men will be arrested in their lifetime, a reason why men from communities of color, unfortunately, make up more than 70 percent of the United States prison population. Sadly, our laws have made having a 
criminal justice record a lifetime barrier to the ‘‘honey of opportunity’’ Dr. King described. A formerly incarcerated individual who has paid his or her dues to society and is out of jail is still denied access to Pell grants, closing off the opportunity for higher education and a better job. Ten States enforce lifetime bans on receiving food assistance, SNAP benefits, for drugrelated felonies—only drugrelated felonies. 
components of a system that continues to punish someone for life for having made a mistake. This system maintains cyclical and systemic barriers that keep generations of African Americans from building pathways out of poverty. 
Recently, the Joint Economic Committee, under the leadership of Ranking Member CAROLYN B. M ALONEY , released a report with the Congressional Black Caucus on the economic state of Black America, which Congressman BUTTERFIELD laid out the bleak finding. I hope Members recognize this is a wakeup call. 
Children in African American households are nearly twice as likely to be raised in the bottom 20 percent of income distribution as children in White households; and, while African American students represent 18 percent of the overall preschool enrollment, they account for 42 percent of preschool student expulsion—these are kids ages 2 to 5 years old—expulsions. These children don’t even get a start, let alone a head start. 
The link between the economic inequality and our broken criminal justice system and education is crystal clear, and Congress must do more to break down these systemic barriers. 
chair of the Congressional Black Caucus, said in his inaugural speech when he was sworn in, ‘‘America is not working for many African Americans, and we, as the Congressional Black Caucus, have an obligation to fight harder and smarter to help repair the damage.’’ 
as never before to address the systemic, structural, and rampant racial bias endemic in our institutions and criminal justice system. 
Act, H.R. 258, to create a national strategy to cut poverty in half in 10 years. By coordinating and empowering all Federal agencies, we can lift 22 million Americans out of poverty and into the middle class, but that is only one step. We must bring serious structural reforms to our broken criminal justice system. 
I am proud to be a cosponsor of the 
Stop Militarizing Law Enforcement Act, H.R. 1232, because war weapons don’t belong on Main Street. We also need to pass the Police Accountability Act, H.R. 1102, and the Grand Jury Reform Act, H.R. 429, to ensure accountability and that deadly force cases are actually heard by a judge. 
profiling that disproportionally affects African Americans. We need to pass the End Racial Profiling Act, H.R. 1933, because racial profiling has no place in a 21st century police force. 
It is also time to pass ‘‘ban the box’’ 
for Federal contractors and agencies. I am proud to be working with our colleagues on the Senate side, Senators BOOKER and B ROWN , to do just that. 
We can’t stop with the criminal justice system. We have got to create job training, workforce training, and economic opportunities for people of color in marginalized communities who have been, unfortunately, impacted by generations of endemic barriers rooted in discrimination. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ) for 5 minutes. 
want to tell you about a brave lady named Ellie, whom I met a few years ago in Kansas. This is her story. 
she opened up her local newspaper to read about a U.S. Supreme Court decision that shocked her, outraged her, and saddened her. She questioned how a small group of unelected judges could reach such a tragic and illegitimate decision in the name of constitutional rights. 
Wade decision that mandated abortion on demand throughout all 50 States for all 9 months of pregnancy. In response to the Court’s ruling, Ellie rushed out to the nearest abortion clinic. 
already be there, Ellie found herself alone. No one else was there. It seemed that the Supreme Court, in faroff Washington, had imposed its radical decision on Ellie and an entire Nation without anyone noticing, few caring, and no one responding about the lives of the unborn. 
As history does report, that seemingly deafening silence didn’t stay that way. Soon, Ellie was joined by others, many others. Contrary to the expectations of the elite lawyers on the Supreme Court, their decision did not shortcircuit or end the debate over abortion; rather, over the following years, it ignited the debate. 
clings to the ruling, science has exposed its folly. Legal scholars recognize its defects. Most importantly, public opinion, from the young to the old, has passed them by. Today, an overwhelming majority of Americans oppose an overwhelming percentage of all abortions. 
tempted to repeat that same mistake. They may be emboldened to impose again a socalled 50State solution on the entire Nation. By radically attempting to redefine marriage for Ellie and the entire country by invalidating 
centuries of marriage laws and by silencing the more than 50 million Americans—that is 50 million Americans— who have voted to protect marriage as between one man and one woman, this court would, once again, be repeating their arrogant mistake of misreading both the American public and our American Constitution. 
are already beginning to engage on this issue. This time, Ellie will not be alone. If this Supreme Court attempts to shred again another foundational aspect of our society, there will be a strong, quick, and ferocious response, for a small group of lawyers should not impose their redefinition of marriage on every single American State, every single American citizen, every single American family, and every single American church and synagogue. 
learn from the Roe v. Wade mistake, do its job, read and obey the Constitution, and correctly affirm that Ellie and the citizens of every one of our united States are free to affirm or restore marriage as the union of one man and one woman. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. RANGEL ) for 5 minutes. 
thankful for this opportunity. I feel so proud to be an American and be in this great country where so many Members of Congress have come from families and communities that have been poor, without the dreams or hopes that they would ever be in a position to serve this great country in the most august legislative body in the world. 
riots than anyone else, coming from Harlem and being older than most Members; yet, throughout the world, I am so proud that people respect our country because of the opportunities we have here. 
be painful and embarrassing to see on international news or to have our international friends think that we are a country that allow young, Black men to be shot down, murdered, and killed and that this is supposed to represent America. 
It doesn’t really, in my mind, represent our country; it represents poverty, but it is so hard for people to believe that the richest country in the world could have this cancer of poverty that eats away from so many things that we could be doing. 
hopes when President Obama came in and recognized how much you can accomplish if you have access to education. I was among those who recognized that a bum from Lenox Avenue in Harlem, being given an opportunity with the GI Bill, can go to New York University, go to law school, become a Federal prosecutor, and come here in 
understood the power of being exposed to education and what it has done to make America all that she is today, but I had no idea of the problems he would face as our President, the depth of people who wanted to prevent him from making a contribution to our country, the partisanship that exists today, and the pain that I feel now when you talk about education, whether or not you support traditional public schools or charter schools, when the greatest thing that we can do and the obligation we have as Members of Congress is to invest in the education of our young people for the future of this great country. 
lack of selfesteem. Poverty means that there is a degree in the connection between poverty and hopelessness, poverty and joblessness, poverty in not being able to send your kids to school, poverty in not even knowing how to take care of yourself in terms of health. Poverty can cause people not to be able to make the contributions that they can make to the country. 
people that we have in this country and those who work hard every day and don’t have enough money for disposable income, poverty and near in poverty reduces the ability of the middle class to have disposable income, to be able to purchase, to support jobs through small businesses. 
not only in the prestige, the power, and the expectation of our great country; but how much do we pay to put poor folks in jail? How much, really, do we pay to subsidize earned income tax credits, lowincome housing credits, children tax credits, subsidies, not because these things don’t pay off, but subsidies because we don’t have programs for them? We have to do everything we can. These are costly; but who can deny the return on these types of investments? 
invested in our defense has little or no return, but the investment that we can have in people and the talent of our minds can make this country all that she can be. 
DOLD). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. T HOMP SON) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House Agriculture Subcommittee on Conservation and Forestry, which I chair, conducted a hearing to review the National Forest System and active forest management. 
an issue of vital importance for rural America. Not only are national forests a source of immense natural beauty, 
but they provide us with natural resources, healthy watersheds, recreational opportunities, and wildlife habitat. 
serve as economic engines for the surrounding local communities. Our national forests are capable of providing and sustaining these economic benefits, but they need proper management in order to do so. 
more than 193 million acres of land across 41 States. Within those 41 States are over 700 counties containing national forestland. These counties and communities within them rely on us to be good stewards of these Federal lands, and there is a direct correlation between forest health and vibrant rural communities. 
depend on wellmanaged national forests to foster jobs and economic opportunities. These jobs come from diverse sources, such as timbering, energy production, or recreation. However, if those jobs disappear, so do jobs that support those industries. It is a snowball effect from there, threatening school systems and infrastructure in these rural communities. 
and Forest Service decisions have significant consequences on our constituents who live in and around national forests. Healthier, wellmanaged national forests are more sustainable for generations to come due to the continual risks of catastrophic fires and invasive species outbreaks. Especially with the decline in timber harvesting and the revenue to counties from timber receipts over the past two decades, rural economies will benefit immensely from increased timber harvest. 
population of wildlife through active land management practices, such as prescribed burns. Our national forests are not museums. They were never intended to sit idly. I say it frequently, but national forests are not national parks. 
Forest System more than 100 years ago, it was designed so that surrounding communities would benefit from multiple uses. Our national forests are meant to provide timber, oil, natural gas, wildlife habitat, recreational opportunities, and clean drinking water, not just for the rural communities, but these tend to be the headwaters of the waters that provide water for our cities as well. 
of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee called upon Forest Service Chief Thomas Tidwell to use the tools that Congress made available in the 2014 farm bill in order to strengthen rural economies and improve the health of our national forests. One certainly complements the other. POLICY FAILURES OF CONGRESS 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ) for 5 minutes. 
today to talk about the policy failures of this body. 
Mr. Speaker, when we look at Baltimore, let me tell you why it is not a shock to me. It is because when you disinvest in education, when you provide no places for kids to play and no summer jobs, Baltimore happens. When you refuse to provide resources for job training for decent housing and you have a lack of resources to the communities of highest need, Baltimore happens. 
week continues to prove that the majority of people in this House care little about the plight of the poor and underserved communities. There is a lack of concern for education. 
we are talking about reauthorizing ESEA, and the majority passed out of committee the ability to block grant all title I funding. So now children who are poor, disabled, or minority will be at the mercy of their State to determine what kind of education they get. Ohio has one way to do it; Indiana has another way to do it. It all depends on what your ZIP Code is anymore as to what your educational attainment may be. They, further, have reduced Federal funding for education every year of their plan. 
wants to block grant Medicaid. So State by State they will determine who qualifies, who is sick enough to qualify. I work in a body where there is no value placed on our greatest asset, which is our people. These are the people who want to reduce block grants and community funding and community policing. 
every day for our attention. Did what happened in Baltimore get our attention? It should have, and it did. Was it right? No. Violence is never right. But we have to hear the cries of the people in need. 
So today, I want to say to the Gray 
family and all of the people who are in the streets in Baltimore: I apologize. I apologize for a body that has failed you. I apologize for people who only 
give lip service to the poor. I apologize because we could do better to make your lives better. 
as the leaders of this Nation to take care of the people who need us the most. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Members of the House of Representatives the deep understanding of the potential that this day holds as they work together for the common good of all people in this great land. 
Open their hearts to respond meaningfully to the voices of those who hunger for justice, hunger for equality, and hunger for opportunity. 
to ensure the security of this great Nation and her friends around the world. 
was inaugurated as the first President of the United States in 1789, we ask You, God, to bless each and every Member of this august body with the same courage that he exhibited in his time, in order to fulfill the vision and purpose of this great land for us and all who will follow in the future. 
together, will do their part to create a world worthy of God’s presence and God’s blessing. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from California (Ms. H AHN) 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Ms. HAHN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DOLD. Mr. Speaker, April is Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month, and I rise to support the goals and ideals we have been promoting these past 30 days. 
United States are sexually assaulted each year. One in five women will be sexually assaulted during her college years. 
work is not done until the number of sexual assaults is zero. Sexual assault is an affront to our basic humanity. It threatens our individual liberty, family values, and basic human rights. Mr. Speaker, we owe it to our children to live up to those values. 
We must reject the passive, quiet acceptance of sexual assault that has pervaded our society for far too long. We must refuse to accept that which is unquestionably unacceptable. 
Mr. Speaker, although April is coming to an end, we must remain committed to raising awareness, empowering survivors, and preventing more people from experiencing these heinous acts. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
recognize my friend Rabbi Michael Siegel of Chicago, Illinois, for his service today as guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
As the rabbi of the congregation closest to Wrigley Field, for 30 years, Rabbi Siegel’s prayers for the Cubs have gone unanswered; however, Michael, again, assures me this is the year. 
year career, Rabbi Siegel has been a dedicated leader in the Jewish community, serving both locally and nationally. 
center for Jewish study, cultural activity, and Israel advocacy. Under Rabbi Siegel’s leadership, the synagogue has grown and truly fulfilled its commitment to the entire community of Israel—klal yisrael—and healing the word—tikkun olam. I am grateful for my punctuation and pronunciation keys. I am also grateful that my constituents can be part of a such an inspiring community—kehila. 
Siegel for leading us in prayer today as guest chaplain of the House of Representatives. 
today to kick off May as National Mental Health Awareness Month. 
dire need to improve the awareness and dialogue surrounding mental health. Far too long, we as a Nation have neglected mental health. It is one of our most critical health problems today. 
Mental illness occurs more frequently, affects more people, requires more prolonged treatment, and causes more suffering to individuals and families than most people could ever realize. 
I have personally witnessed and experienced the physical and emotional burden mental illness has on the individual and the family. A close family member of mine took their life at a very young age. 
universities in the Syracuse area, there simply are not enough mental health resources to help, especially in the pediatric realm. People in the central New York area often have to travel hours to receive inpatient care, disrupting lives, jobs, and families. Once released, the followup care is lacking, and oftentimes, the patients immediately regresses. 
Unfortunately, the lack of resources—in the case of central New York—is not an uncommon issue. As I acknowledge May as Mental Health Awareness Month, this Friday, May 1, I will launch a mental health task force based in New York’s 24th District. The task force will be comprised of mental health leaders in the field, including hospitals and employees. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
in support of the tens of thousands of students who have been left in the lurch after their forprofit school, Corinthian Colleges, abruptly closed this week. 
was the middle of their semester. Many of these students are now buried in student loan debt and do not know how or if they can continue their education. 
I have urged the Department of Education to make it very clear to these students that they have the option to have their loans forgiven. However, the Department of Education has been encouraging students to transfer to other troubled forprofit schools, rather than have their loans discharged. 
Department’s list of socalled viable transfer opportunities are currently 
under State or Federal investigation. This is shocking and unacceptable. 
immediately any school currently under investigation or on heightened cash management from its list of recommended options. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, each summer, Carnegie Hall’s Weill Music Institute brings together some of the brightest young musicians from around the country to form the National Youth Orchestra USA. 
the first 2 weeks in residency at Purchase College, taking master classes from the best. They have the chance to perform at the world famous Carnegie Hall, where their performance is heard live around the world; then they go on tour. 
make a historic visit to China. It is an incredible experience, and I am extremely proud that, among the 114 amazing young people, two are from the district I am privileged to represent, Ms. Jasmine Lavariega, a horn player from Astoria; and Laura Michael, an oboist from Manhattan. 
let your parents know they were right; all that practice, practice, practice paid off. It was worth it. You are performing at Carnegie Hall and in China. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
before you today to thank my colleagues on the House Armed Services Committee—in particular, Chairman MACTHORNBERRY and Ranking Member 
they have put into crafting our country’s national priorities for the upcoming year, way into the wee hours of the morning. 
for responding to a critical Navy shortfall and a national security need by including the authorization for funding of 12 F/A–18 Super Hornets in the National Defense Authorization Act. 
The Super Hornet is truly the workhorse of naval combat operations against the Islamic State and is playing an important role in protecting our warfighters abroad. Twelve additional Super Hornets will help keep a critical production line open that will allow for 
additional strike fighter jets and electronic warfare attack in the future. 
look forward to supporting the NDAA when it comes to the House floor and fighting for Super Hornets to be included during the appropriations process. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
wish I could say that the budget resolution being moved through Congress right now will help America’s middle class. 
will help provide opportunities for struggling Americans and security for our seniors. 
will help raise stagnant wages, help our kids attend college, and help our businesses create jobs. 
I wish I could say all of that, but I 
being pushed through the House today would make hardworking Americans work even harder and take home even less, while benefiting special interests and the ultrawealthy. 
partner with us in a bipartisan fashion to create a budget that will benefit all Americans. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
pleased that we are working through a bipartisan Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill that contains a lot of good measures, that keeps the VA under the magnifying glass, and helps guarantee topnotch care for our Nation’s heroes, our veterans. 
VA needs to remain our top priority, but the solution is not throwing more money at it, Mr. Speaker. We spend more now on the VA than at any point in our history, but too much money is wasted on the bureaucracy here in Washington and doesn’t get down to the caregivers and to our veterans who need the care. 
the Nation are waiting months for routine exams, while others who need special care are stuck in backlogs. Mr. Speaker, it simply isn’t fair, and it is not tolerable. 
can deliver that by breaking up this bureaucracy in the VA. We should give our veterans the option to get health care at the VA if they choose, or to go 
to a private healthcare provider in their local community and have the VA pay for it. 
Speaker, the VA at the top is going to continue to soak up the money, and the veterans at the bottom are going to continue to not get the care that they deserve. 
work with me so that we provide the best health care in the world to our veterans, that we keep the promises we made. 
THE REPUBLICAN BUDGET’S IMPACT ON ACCESS TO SECONDARY EDUCATION 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, the Republican budget we are going to consider later today is a step in the wrong direction for students. At a time when student loan debt is at an alltime high, we need to be doing more to help students, not less. 
Unfortunately, the Republican budget will make students work harder for less. It will hurt lowincome students by cutting $89 billion for Pell grants. It will dramatically cut back the loan repayment programs that help all student loan borrowers pay affordable rates. And for Americans in job training programs, more than 2 million may be turned away from the critical training programs they need to change careers or secure advancement at work. 
to quality, affordable education, but this Republican budget cuts critical programs that help our students get ahead. Mr. Speaker, our young people are 25 percent of our population and 100 percent of our future. We can and must do better. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, today I am introducing the Enhancing Veterans Access to Treatment Act, legislation that eliminates bureaucratic hurdles so veterans using the VA can continue to receive the same lifesaving mental health medication they access while on Active Duty. 
to switch their medication when that drug is not included in the VA’s drug formulary, regardless if the drug is working. Instead, the VA will put the veteran on different medication and requires them to fail first before they are switched back, or the vet must go through an appeals process to remain on the current medication. 
works, keep it. This bill allows seamless continuity of medication and 
leaves any decision to change up to the doctor. 
It is not enough to just have the DOD 
and VA share a limited medication list, because when it comes to psychotropic medication, the doctor needs to have available the full spectrum of choices. 
suicide, these veterans don’t have time to wait to get their medication for their depression or anxiety. 
in cosponsoring the Enhancing Veterans Access to Treatment Act so we can solve this problem. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
this week we received good news. On Tuesday, 200 girls and 93 women were rescued from Boko Haram camps by the Nigerian military in the Sambisa Forest. Yesterday, another group, 160 women and children, was rescued in the same forest. 
My heart goes out to these women, girls, and their families, who have experienced their worst nightmare. 
who were kidnapped over a year ago, are a part of these ongoing rescue missions by the Nigerian Army. 
fellow Congresswomen to wear red in honor of the missing girls and vote together in of the well of the House of Representatives. Together, we called attention to the atrocities by Boko Haram, called for the return of all of the kidnapped girls, and called for Nigerian leaders to be held accountable by the world. 
It takes the political will of the Nigerian Government and the conviction to do what is right to eradicate Boko Haram and end their tragic reign of terror. 
We hope to wear red every Wednesday. I will not stop speaking, stop tweeting and fighting on behalf of these girls, their families, until the girls are safely returned. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
year, students from around the world come to the United States to access our highquality education and universities and colleges. And many of these students obtain doctoral degrees in science, technology, engineering and math, and have job offers from numerous employers that need their expertise and their skills. 
highly skilled workers and entrepreneurs, back to their home countries to become our competitors rather than helping grow and create jobs right here. 
legislation, the STAPLE Act, with my colleague, Congressman MIKEQUIGLEY , 
to help fix this problem and keep America on the forefront of innovation. The STAPLE Act will exempt recent STEM graduates with a Ph.D. with pending job offers from H–1B visa quotas. 
Mr. Speaker, our immigration system is broken, and we must take action to ensure that the system is fair and that it keeps America competitive, and passing the STAPLE Act is a good step in the right direction. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to talk about the Office of Technology Assessment, the OTA. 
For 22 years, the OTA was a key nonpartisan resource for Congress as it dealt with scientific and technical policy issues. The OTA was overseen by a Technical Advisory Board composed of six Senators and six Representatives, evenly split between the two parties. 
understand explanations of complex scientific issues. For example, in 1988, the OTA provided a study called ‘‘Healthy Children: Investing in the Future,’’ showing that infants with low birth weights were more susceptible to a variety of physical and mental disabilities. This study helped change Medicaid eligibility rules by expanding access to prenatal care to millions of women, saving lives and taxpayer money. This, and other reports, provided the information needed to make reasonable policy based on scientific results. 
This Congress needs scientific guidance, and I urge my colleagues to join me in calling for the reestablishment of the Office of Technology Assessment. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
are serious about making the Tax Code simpler and fairer, then we have to get rid of deadweight handouts. The PTC Elimination Act, which I have authored with Congressman POMPEO , is a 
step in that direction. The bill scales back and repeals the wind production tax credit. 
ago to help new forms of energy get on their feet. Today, it is a largely bloated subsidy for the fully grown multimilliondollar wind industry. The mature wind industry shouldn’t be spoon fed by taxpayers any longer. The PTC needs to end. 
credit off the books, the PTC Elimination Act brings fairness to our Tax Code and enhances competition. That is the kind of tax simplification we need to reinvigorate the American economy. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, Japan’s Prime Minister addressed Congress. 
Soothing words are what Prime Minister Abe gave Congress yesterday. But here is the scorecard for U.S. trade with Japan: 
trade surplus for our country, not even balance. Rather, over the last 20 years, we have had $1,963,654,100 trillion lost dollars; U.S. dollars that have gone to Japan from us buying their products, but their markets remain closed to ours. 
a trade deal. It should be debated as a treaty. It is a foreign policy arrangement that is part of the shift to Asia. 
Pacific Partnership, it facilitates the movement of more U.S. jobs and corporations into Vietnam and other nations in the region. Labor costs there are chasing cheap labor a third of that of China now, and will ease the movement of those goods back into—guess where—our country again. 
We have seen it before. It is time for 
Congress to stand up for the workers and communities of the United States of America. Let us start building back our middle class rather than keep shipping it out every place but here. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor and give thanks to all New Hampshire’s educators as we celebrate National Teacher Appreciation Day. 
thanks or credit that they deserve. Granite State teachers devote their lives to providing our children with the tools, the resources, and the attention necessary to be the very best that they can be. 
children, challenge them, and inspire them to dream the impossible. They spend countless hours devoted to preparing our kids for the next challenge, whether that be passing a test or navigating conflict. They don’t simply prepare them for the grammar quiz on Friday; they prepare them for the events that will test them throughout their lives. 
that anything is possible with hard work and dedication, thank you. To all those who encourage our students to shoot for the stars, I say, thank you. It is because of you that our Nation remains the world leader of innovation, ideas, and excellence. 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE NATIONAL OUTDOOR LEADERSHIP SCHOOL 
today in recognition of the 50th anniversary of the National Outdoor Leadership School. 
Paul Petzoldt. NOLS has taught thousands of Americans and people worldwide about the responsible use of the outdoors and an appreciation for outdoor activities, recreation, hiking, that is unsurpassed. 
in Lander, and we are proud that NOLS’s mother ship is in our dear State. NOLS is a wonderful organization that provides stewardship of our natural resources in a way that teaches people how to enjoy and appreciate the outdoors. 
OF H.R. 1732, REGULATORY INTEGRITY PROTECTION ACT OF 2015; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. CON. RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.J. RES. 43, DISAPPROVAL OF DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NONDISCRIMINATION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 231 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11413 modified by the amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except one hour of debate. 
shall be in order to consider in the House the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014. All points of order against consideration of the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the joint resolution are waived. The joint resolution shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform or their respective designees. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the joint resolution to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit (if otherwise in order). 
threshold burden under the rule, and the gentlewoman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 10 minutes of debate on the question of consideration. Following debate, the Chair will put the question of consideration as the statutory means of disposing of the point of order. 
Speaker, when I was sworn into this Congress, there was quite a bit of fanfare about how many women now serve in this body. But even with all of these women, this body is still 80 percent male. 
sideshow that they have used to distract us from the real reasons each of us was elected has been a persistent, absurd, arrogant, and ignorant effort to impede upon a woman’s right to make her own choices about her health. 
taxpayer dollars and valuable time here on the floor of the House again and again and again trying to legislate away something our highest Court confirmed years ago. 
We could have spent that time talking about the recent rash of police brutality cases that have long plagued communities of color, an issue that has now caught fire in the streets of Baltimore, just a few miles north of us. 
job training programs preparing workers for careers in technology and health, the fastestgrowing professions in an economy doing nothing for the longterm unemployed. 
on protecting our seniors by expanding Social Security, keeping even more older Americans out of poverty. 
would offer better opportunities for our constituents, which is what each of us was elected to do. 
one place we have no right to be; and that is, in a woman’s uterus. Women 
are the only ones who have the right to make the inherently private health choices that they are faced with. 
are preparing to debate came before the House Oversight Committee, I was particularly disturbed. My colleagues on the other side of the aisle gave us a slew of wellmeaning arguments about why we so desperately needed to violate the selfrule of the District of Columbia. 
explained employers, who are moved by faith to judge and persecute their employees, should be free to do so. He went on to say that employers should have every right to freely exercise their faiths and that the District’s effort to ensure employees don’t lose their jobs because of in vitro fertilization or birth control or any other reproductive healthcare choice was part of a ‘‘continued attack’’ on religion. 
One thing that is particularly wonderful about this great Nation is that we offer everyone a right to have an opinion. 
devoted woman of God, I couldn’t help wondering how men, who are so very adamant about forcing mothers to have these babies, could refuse to ensure they have access to care. 
this one have called for cuts to programs across the spectrum that will give their children and their mothers access to education, access to healthy meals, and all kinds of tools to assure they are not stuck in the cycle of poverty. So once they have funneled women into the path that brings a child into the world, my colleagues would prefer to say, ‘‘God bless you,’’ and walk away. 
would force us to consider is absolutely wrong. It violates the will of the District’s voters; it violates the privacy and the rights of women; and most relevant to this point of order, it violates rules of this body for interference in State and local governments. 
time as she may consume to the gentlelady from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), someone who recognizes 
just how awful this legislation is and the only Member whose constituents will have to deal with the outcome. 
from New Jersey for her extraordinary remarks and for her generosity in yielding. 
stink of both unfairness and discrimination. The Oversight and Government Reform Committee voted to overturn a valid local District of Columbia law but denied D.C.’s locally elected officials even the courtesy of defending that law, which is aimed at keeping employers from discriminating against women and men for their private reproductive health decisions, the most personal decisions Americans make off the job. 
law requires that all employees carry out the mission of the organization or business, whatever its mission is. The disapproval resolution was only added to the Rules Committee agenda yesterday, literally at the same time that the committee began its meeting. And no member of the majority showed up at the hearing to defend the disapproval resolution until I noted this unprecedented absence. The committee then hurriedly summoned the subcommittee chair, who spoke without any prepared testimony. 
defend an employer who imposes his religion or personal philosophical beliefs on an employee’s private reproductive matters by sanctioning the employee because the employer disagrees, for example, with an employee’s use of in vitro fertilization to become pregnant or of birth control for family planning? 
know about such private matters. But if he learns of an employee’s reproductive preferences, the D.C. law requires that he must not use this private matter to discriminate on the job. 
this disapproval resolution to be considered on the House floor—in the light of day—until late tonight, for fear that the American people will watch Congress sanction, for the first time ever, discrimination against women and men for their reproductive health decisions and see Republicans violate their own professed mantra for local control of local affairs by overturning the law of a local government for the first time in 
I thank my good friend for yielding. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I claim 
the time in opposition to the point of order and in favor of consideration of the resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia is recognized for 10 minutes. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlelady from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the vice chairwoman of the 
Rules Committee in whose jurisdiction the unfunded mandate point of order resides. 
Should the House now consider H. Res. 231? While the resolution waives all points of order against consideration of today’s measures—— 
resolution waives all points of order against consideration of today’s measures, the Committee on Rules is not aware of any violation of the Unfunded Mandates Reform Act. This is a dilatory tactic. 
farmers, ranchers, and business community from a massive Federal overreach being perpetrated by the EPA, approve our FY16 budget that puts us on a path to rein in reckless spending, reform entitlement programs, and protect the religious rights of D.C. employers. 
As a mother, a woman, and an individual of prayer, I am very glad that we are here today defending life and our Constitution, consistent with our congressional prerogatives. 
the aisle act shocked that we are debating this issue. But what is truly shocking is that we need to be here today at all, discussing whether to grant employers in the District of Columbia the rights guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment, but we are. 
our colleagues across the aisle some of the words of the second paragraph of the Declaration of Independence: 
‘‘We hold these truths to be selfevident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, that among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. That to secure these rights, governments are instituted.’’ 
about discrimination against people here. We are discussing the protection of innocent life. As Members of Congress, we have a heightened responsibility to protect the rights of D.C. residents because the Constitution in article I, section 8 gives the Congress explicit jurisdiction over the country’s seat of government. 
consider H.J. Res. 43, a resolution to disapprove the action of the Council of the District of Columbia in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act of 2014, or RHNDA. 
Our country holds as its most fundamental freedom the right to practice freely one’s religion and associate with others who hold the same beliefs. It is unthinkable that we could allow the leadership—if you want to call it leadership, the people in control of Our Capital City—to infringe on that right for the millions of Americans who live or work inside its borders. But that is what RHNDA does. 
and advocacy organizations that they may not make employment decisions based on their own core principles, including the respect for precious unborn life, a principle that is central to many of these groups’ entire belief system. 
prohibit discrimination and promote tolerance, this law targets these organizations and tramples their rights to exercise their views on the respect for life. 
In truth, Mr. Speaker, this law discriminates against and promotes intolerance of anyone who disagrees with the world view of the majority of the D.C. City Council. It is not discriminatory for a church or religious school to believe and preach that life begins at conception. It is not discriminatory to practice these deeply held beliefs; that is, unless you are in the District of Columbia. 
Mr. Speaker, this law may force religious organizations to relocate outside the District of Columbia in order to protect their rights. Given the clear hostility the City Council has shown them and what we have heard on this floor today, that may, in fact, be the ultimate goal. 
Representatives, we promise to protect and defend the Constitution. That includes protection of religious freedoms, and it is why I support H.J. Res. 43 which disapproves RHNDA. 
In order to allow the House to continue its scheduled business for the day, Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the question of consideration of the resolution. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 240, nays 174, not voting 17, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Doggett Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kilmer Kind 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
and Ms. WILSON of Florida changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, this is 
House Resolution 231 down here today. I have got a copy right here. It has been so long since the Reading Clerk read this to us that folks may have forgotten. This represents a lot of what I would argue is best about this institution, and I want to take a little pride and tell folks about what the Rules Committee has been working on. 
It makes in order H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act of 2015. 
EPA and others are hard at work, I would argue, at trying to exert brand new jurisdiction over waters currently regulated by the State of Georgia. It is the largest power grab over water I have seen in my lifetime and, I would argue, in the history of the Republic. This bill aims to roll that back. Yet, as the committee reported it, there are always other folks who have ideas, so what the Rules Committee did is to make in order every single Democratic 
we will consider this bill. The House will work its will, and it will work its will by considering every single Democratic alternative that was offered. I think that is an important step. It is going to make the legislation better when we move it to final passage, and I am glad this rule provides for that. I hope folks will support that underlying rule. 
order S. Con. Res. 11, the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2016. 
to explain what a concurrent resolution on the budget is because, if you are like more than half the Members of this House, you have never seen one before. More than half the Members of this House have never served when the United States of America got together and passed a budget. It is outrageous, Mr. Speaker. That was yesterday that it was outrageous, and today is about the opportunity to do this. 
budget. You will remember, Mr. Speaker, the Rules Committee made in order every single budget alternative that was offered, both Republican and Democrat. The House debated. The House worked its will. We passed a product. We worked that product out with the Senate. If we pass this rule today, Mr. Speaker, it will be in order to debate the first concurrent budget in my congressional tenure—these two terms— and the first balanced budget since 2001, but only if we make this rule in order. 
disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council, that this rule will make in order. 
we don’t see it that often. In fact, since Republicans first took over Congress for the first time in 40 years back in 1994, we have never seen one of these resolutions before. It is the first one, but it comes from the District of Columbia Home Rule Act. As you know, Mr. Speaker, the Constitution delegates to Congress all of the authority for governing the District of Columbia. It is article I, section 8. All of the authority for the governing of the District of Columbia lies in this body. 
Act, which allowed for the coordinated governance of D.C., and it included this resolution of disapproval allowing Congress to come back and reject actions that the District of Columbia has taken. Again, folks will not have seen this unless you were in Congress in 1991 when Democrats were controlling the House and Democrats were controlling the Senate. Unless you were here then, you would not have seen one of these resolutions passed. It was last passed in 1991 with folks rejecting the deliberations of the D.C. Council. 
This rule makes in order the consideration of that joint resolution again today. It is exactly what was contemplated when, for the very first time in the history of the United States of America, the Congress delegated some of the power of controlling the District of Columbia to the city itself. In the language that designated that authority to begin with, it provided for this resolution of disapproval. For the first time in almost 20 years, this House is considering one of those today. 
That is what you get in this rule, Mr. 
Speaker. It provides for debate on all of the Democratic amendments offered; it provides for debate on those bills that are exactly as the D.C. Home Rule Act anticipated; and it provides for debate on the first conferenced budget that most Members in this House have ever seen. It is a shame this is the first time we have had an opportunity to do it, but, golly, is it exciting that we have an opportunity to do that together today. 
thank my friend, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) for yielding me 
the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
in strong opposition to this rule, which provides for the consideration of three unrelated pieces of legislation: a Republican budget conference report, an antiClean Water Act bill, and a resolution to interfere with the decisions of the District of Columbia’s city council and a bill that limits women’s reproductive health rights. 
filed only minutes before the Rules Committee met yesterday, only minutes before the committee formally convened. It was a 100page conference report that was negotiated in secret by the Republicans, and it was brought before the Rules Committee before anybody had a chance to read it. What ever happened to ‘‘read the bill’’? Whatever happened to the pledge for a more open and transparent Congress? It would be nice if all Members, Democrats and Republicans, had the opportunity to carefully review the legislation they are asked to vote on, especially when it comes to a document that provides a blueprint for funding the Federal Government and reforming our social safety net programs. 
If that weren’t bad enough, the majority claims that this budget conference report is something to be proud of. Mr. Speaker, this is nothing to be proud of. It is shameful. It is shameful in terms of process, and it is shameful in terms of substance. Budgets should be moral documents. They provide our constituents with a clear picture of who we are, of what our priorities are, how we should govern, where we want this country to go. They represent our values, but the values that this budget 
represents, I would argue, are not the values of working families in this country, and they are not the values of those who are struggling to get out of poverty. They may be the values of corporate special interests or of very wealthy individuals in this country, but they don’t represent the values of the majority of people in this country. 
takes us in the wrong direction. It cuts $5.5 trillion in funding through a series of unrealistic spending cuts, math magic, and gimmicks. It asks nothing of the wealthiest among us, proposes no elimination of special interest tax breaks, and continues us down the terribly misguided path created by sequestration. In fact, to be honest, Mr. Speaker, this budget basically provides us a pathway to do not a lot of anything, really. 
with the issue of sequestration, our colleagues in the United States Senate are going to block all of the appropriations bills. We know that the President will not sign any appropriations bills that lock us into sequestration. Maybe what we should be doing, rather than wasting time, is fixing sequestration, but my Republican friends have been very good at wasting time and at wasting taxpayer dollars, and that is what we are doing today. 
The Republican budget conference report proposes to end the Medicare guarantee and turn it into a voucher program. It turns Medicaid and CHIP into a capped block grant. It eliminates $85 million from Pell grants. It cuts investments in research and in infrastructure. The budget resolution builds upon the draconian $125 billion cut to SNAP, which is the Nation’s premier antihunger program that was contained in the House budget. To achieve a cut of that magnitude by block granting the program and capping its allotment means that States will be forced to cut benefits or kick eligible individuals and families off the program. 
are promoting here—throwing poor people off of a food benefit. Just because the conference report is vague on some details or leaves out a few key buzzwords doesn’t mean that it protects programs for the poor. Unfortunately, this Republican Congress has shown time and time again that it plans to balance the budgets on the backs of the poor and working class Americans. 
reconciliation instructions to repeal the Affordable Care Act without proposing an alternative to ensure the 16 million people who have gained health coverage under the ACA are able to remain insured. That is right. If the Republicans get their way, being a woman is, once again, a preexisting condition, and preventative care goes away. Simply, the progress that we have made over the past few years disappears. Senior citizens will see their prescription costs increase. In budgetary terms, we will be worse off when repealing the Affordable Care Act because it will result in higher medical costs and sicker people. It is just that simple. It is a bad idea, but it is a good sound bite, I guess. 
majority, this budget does not balance. It nowhere near balances. In fact, Mr. Speaker, it is filled with gimmicks and contains the very dangerous addiction Congress has for deficit spending by further increasing funds for the overseas contingency operations account, or OCO. Not only does this budget increase the OCO’s war spending, but it also facilitates using the OCO as a slush fund for items that should be funded in the base budget. Everything in OCO is on the national credit card. None of it is an emergency. It is deficit spending, pure and simple. 
I commend my colleagues on the Republican side who are raising a little hell about this kind of budget gimmick that is going on. This is outrageous. While we continue to pump up the deficit and to pump up the OCO account, we watch our roads and our bridges and our water systems crumble for lack of funding, and we starve our education and our job training and innovation programs. 
the outrages contained in the Republican budget. We are still in the process of combing through the 100page document that was just filed yesterday, and I am sure there will be additional issues that we will want to raise. 
In addition to this awful budget, today’s rule also provides for the consideration of H.R. 1732 and H.J. Res. 43. 
H.R. 1732, Mr. Speaker, would basically force the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers to withdraw its proposed rule on Clean Water Act jurisdictional boundaries and start the rulemaking process over again from scratch. Mr. Speaker, the current rulemaking process should be allowed to move forward. The EPA and the Army Corps have painstakingly engaged in an extensive stakeholder outreach and public comment process. They are doing their jobs. The rule is grounded in sound science. H.R. 1732 would cause further confusion, and it would end up delaying essential clean water projects for future generations, not to mention, Mr. Speaker, that a rider in the Energy and Water Appropriations bill, which is being considered by this House today, would prohibit the Army Corps from spending any money to propose a new rule. 
and void what the bill we are going to debate today is intended to do. Frankly, Mr. Speaker, I am disappointed in this partisan approach that the majority has taken with regard to clean water legislation and environmental protection legislation. 
Speaker, and I just want to say a few 
words about that. It is H.J. Res. 43, disapproving the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. 
Health NonDiscrimination Act is scheduled to take effect this Saturday. The law passed unanimously by the D.C. City Council. This would protect 
employees who work in the District of Columbia from workplace discrimination based on their personal reproductive healthcare decisions. The bill is about basic fairness. People should be judged at work based on their performances, not on their personal, private reproductive healthcare decisions. But House Republicans cannot pass up an opportunity to meddle in personal reproductive decisions or in D.C.’s right to govern itself. 
would prevent the law from going into effect. In doing so, it would allow an employer to fire a woman because she used in vitro fertilization or to demote an employee because she used birth control pills or because her husband used condoms or to pay an employee less because his daughter became pregnant out of wedlock. 
into 2015, a yearandahalf away from the Presidential election, and the Republicans are already restarting their war on women. Sometimes it feels like this Congress is stuck in the mindset of 1815 rather than 2015. 
about this: H.J. Res. 43 is about legitimizing discrimination. Enough already. 
from North Carolina, my colleague on the Committee on Rules, came on the floor and said we in Congress need to protect the citizens of D.C. Protect them from what? From their own democratic process? Give me a break. Let me tell my Republican colleagues, the citizens of D.C. don’t want your protection or your interference. They want this Congress to respect them and their decisions. 
piece of legislation that really shouldn’t be here on the House floor. 
from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House should focus on 
America’s priorities instead of resuming the attack on women’s health. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from California (Mrs. TORRES ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent to insert my statement for the RECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of working men and women instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from California (Ms. LEE) for the purpose of a unanimous 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House should 
focus on real priorities like eliminating poverty instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from Florida (Ms. WILSON ) for the purpose of a unanimous 
I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the 
House should focus on the real priorities of America, like jobs, jobs, jobs, instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from California (Ms. BASS) for the purpose of a unanimous 
Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House should 
focus on the real priorities of the country instead of another attack on women’s health care in Washington, D.C. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlelady from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert 
House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? There was no objection. 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD ) for a unanimous 
I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the 
House should focus on jobs and the economy, the real priorities of the American people, instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent to insert my statement into the RECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement into the RECORD that the 
House should focus on the real priorities of the American people instead of another attack on women’s health. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of the American people—job creation and getting a stronger economy—rather than attacking women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. LUJAN GRISHAM ) for the purpose of 
unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House 
should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDY CHU) for the purpose of a 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD  
that the House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ) for the purpose of a 
unanimous consent to insert my statement into the RECORD that the House 
should focus on real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the 
House should focus on the real priorities of America instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), the ranking member 
on the Committee on Rules, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House 
should focus on real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? 
to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the R ECORD that the 
House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Maryland? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. HAHN) for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert my statement in the RECORD that the House should 
focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), our Democratic leader, for the purpose of a unanimous consent request. 
House should focus on the real priorities of Americans instead of another attack on women’s health care. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, at this 
4 minutes to the gentlelady from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ), one of our young 
Mrs. WAGNER. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for all the work that he has done to protect life and religious freedom. 
my strong disapproval of religious discrimination in the District of Columbia’s local government. 
principles of our great country is the freedom to worship without government interference. Our forefathers fought and died for that liberty, and I stand before you today to make sure they did not die in vain. 
Council attacks the core religious beliefs of faithbased organizations, schools, and prolife advocates. Under this law, these groups could be forced to pay for health services that are in direct conflict with their fundamental religious beliefs. Under this law, a D.C.based nonprofit whose sole mission is to end abortion could be forced to pay for abortion services. This is not only unacceptable but stands in direct opposition to the Constitution and Federal law. 
that formally expresses Congress’ disapproval of the D.C. proabortion law. I 
stand here to defend the rights of religious institutions and prolife companies to honor their faith and respect the sanctity of life. 
greatest gift. I admire the work that many of these faithbased and prolife organizations do to change the hearts and the minds in this abortion debate, and I will not stand idly by to watch their religious freedoms trampled. I urge my colleagues to do the same and vote in favor of this resolution. 
record, I strongly disagree with what the gentlelady just said, and we will have some more time to talk about that, but I want to go to kind of a different subject right now. 
proceedings, it may be a little confusing because we are jumping around to different subjects, but my Republican friends have this new kind of ploy to limit and stifle debate, and that is pack as many bills into one rule at a time so that you can limit the amount of participation and debate, which, again, runs contrary to what the people’s House is supposed to be about. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to ask at the end 
of all this that we defeat the previous question, and then I will offer an amendment to the rule that would grant the House an opportunity to consider a budget that rejects the mindless sequester cuts in critical services and instead adopt a plan to put the budget on a fiscally responsible path by making responsible, targeted spending cuts, and by closing special interest tax breaks that benefit only the very wealthiest. It would make necessary investments to boost the economy and create jobs, protect national security, and preserve the Medicare guarantee. 
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), a member of the 
Mr. YARMUTH. I thank my colleague from Massachusetts for yielding. 
the rule, primarily because of the gimmickry and the coldheartedness of the conference budget. It is not just myself who has understood the tricks and gimmicks that were used to formulate this socalled balanced budget, which doesn’t, of course, balance. 
It is kind of like if I had gone out and 
said I am going to spend $2,000 on a cheap racehorse. This is the weekend of the Kentucky Derby. I am going to go out and buy a cheap racehorse, and I am going to enter it in the Kentucky Derby. The horse is going to win the Kentucky Derby, and then I take that prize money from the Kentucky Derby—I might even be so bold as to predict it is going to win the Triple Crown, and I take all that money and put it in my budget as if I had actually done it. That is the way this budget was constructed. But, again, it is not just me. Virtually everyone who has looked at this budget—detached, impartial observers—says this is not legitimate budgeting. The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget noted that the House budget uses ‘‘several budget gimmicks that circumvent budget discipline,’’ adding that ‘‘the details are in some ways unrealistic and unspecified.’’ 
Senate budget, ‘‘Disappointingly, many of the savings are unrealistic or lack specificity.’’ 
is a widely held belief among many Federal budget watchers that Republicans had to resort to budgetary smoke and mirrors to create a pathway to a balanced budget.’’ 
other members of the Rules Committee and the Budget Committee are praising the fact that they were able to construct a budget that balances the first time since 2001, it doesn’t balance. 
For instance, what it does is it eliminates, repeals—or calls for the repeal— of the Affordable Care Act and then takes all of the savings and revenues from the Affordable Care Act and counts that as a way to add $2 trillion to the positive side of their budget over 10 years. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman from Kentucky an additional 2 minutes. 
That is just fantasy. That is really what the budget is about. 
very cruel side to this budget. As my friend from Massachusetts said, this does real damage to the American people. It does damage to hardworking families who are trying to get ahead. It actually ends up being a tax increase on hardworking American families. 
and I just want to talk a little bit about what the Affordable Care Act has done in my State because, if this were to actually happen, here is what the impact on my citizens would be. 
DeLoitte professional services firm that did an audit of Kentucky’s experience and a projection over the next 6 years, the Affordable Care Act will contribute $30 billion of additional economic activity in the State, create 44,000 jobs, and have a positive impact on the Kentucky State budget of $850 million. That is in one State. 
not only do you do great damage to the health of Americans, taking insurance away from 16.5 million—in my State, 
550,000 who have gained insurance just in the last year and a half—but you are doing real damage to our education, to our infrastructure, to our investment in research, to our seniors. Under this bill, seniors will suffer a great financial hardship, as well as a loss of benefits. 
There is real damage, as I said, to be 
done with this budget, but I think the most disturbing part of the entire debate is the fact that this is not a budget that balances. Yes, the numbers at the end on the plus and negative side add up. 
but all of the bases for getting there is about as reliable as, again, if I bought that racehorse and said I am going to win the Kentucky Derby and counted those winnings before that race was ever run. 
I oppose the rule on the basis of this 
conference report on the budget. I think it does great damage to the United States. 
time, it is my great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. YOUNG ), a member of the Ways 
colleague for his leadership today and every day. I really appreciate that. 
rule and, more broadly, H.J. Res. 43, and I want to thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for her leadership and her conviction on this issue. 
speech and beliefs of all Americans, but too often, the line is drawn to discriminate against those with prolife views. Ironically, this is often done under the guise of antidiscrimination, which is exactly what has happened in the District of Columbia. 
religious institutions and other prolife employers in our Nation’s Capital could be forced to make decisions that violate their deeply held religious beliefs. 
Hobby Lobby, for instance, under this ordinance, religious employers could be compelled to cover elective abortions in their healthcare coverage or face discrimination charges. 
It would also prevent faithbased employers from taking actions against employees who participate in activities that run counter to the mission of that organization. For instance, a prolife crisis pregnancy center couldn’t terminate an employee who undermines their cause by volunteering at an abortion clinic. 
As a strong prolife individual myself, it boggles my mind that the government could force likeminded individuals to violate their conscience in such ways. Frankly, no American should be comfortable with such discrimination. 
this ordinance, and I urge my colleagues to support this resolution. 
2 minutes to gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
on two simple and powerful principles, liberty and equality. 
Fathers saw liberty as freedom from the dictates of a tyrannical government and fought to the death to protect it. What they could not foresee is a modern form of tyranny, the tyranny of employers who seek to impose their beliefs on their employees and control their personal decisions. 
I am saddened that, today, my Republican colleagues are bringing up yet another bill to enable employers to control their private, personal decisions of their employees. Today, this body may, with a single vote, strip over 650,000 American citizens of their essential liberty to make their own choices about their health care and their families. 
Make no mistake, the District of Columbia’s new law, the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act, is 
about liberty. We are not talking about an employer who objects to paying for insurance that covers contraception. 
citizens from an employer who tells a woman that she will be fired for using contraception or for using in vitro fertilization to start a family or for engaging in any other conduct that violates the employer’s religious beliefs. 
The D.C. law we are asked to overturn says your employer should not be able to impose his religious beliefs on you. You should not be fired because your religious beliefs differ from those of your employer. The D.C. law protects religious liberty. The disapproval resolution imposes religious coercion. 
the aisle who claim so vociferously to support freedom and liberty stand here today and say to the American people: you do not have the right to make decisions about when and how to start a family; your employer has the right to make those decisions for you. 
to go home this weekend and explain that to their constituents and why they must now live under the yoke of their employer’s tyranny. The American people will not stand for it, and we must not stand for it today. 
this rule and ‘‘no’’ on the disapproval resolution. We must send a strong message to the American people that freedom and religious liberty still exist in this country. 
time, it is my great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ), a member of the 
colleague from Georgia yielding me time to discuss this rule and the underlying issue. 
I do want to report that it was 229 
years ago that the Virginia General Assembly ratified the Virginia statute for religious freedom. This was authored by Thomas Jefferson. The statute serves as the model for the free exercise clause in our First Amendment. This is what it said: 
No man shall . . . suffer on account of his 
religious opinions or belief, but that all men shall be free to profess, and by argument, to maintain, their opinions in matters of religion. 
fundamental human right protected by our First Amendment. It is essential to our free and flourishing society. Our Nation was found, in part, by individuals seeking refuge from religious persecution, from religious discrimination. For these pioneers and for all to come after, America was meant to be a permanent fortress of liberty and freedom for all who live within its walls. 
At its essence, the concept of religious freedom is about much more than religion. It is much more than just showing up to worship service 1 day or 1 night a week. It is about our fundamental human right to hold our own beliefs and to live out our lives according to these faiths. 
about freedom itself. This is why the very first part of the very First Amendment to our Constitution is about religious freedom. It is our first and most cherished liberty. 
out the convictions of our faith not only in the public square, but also in the privacy of our own homes, in our churches, in our businesses, is in jeopardy right here in our Nation’s Capital. 
nothing more than a legalized discrimination. If allowed to go in effect, the government would force prolife organizations, prolife ministries, prolife business, prolife churches, prolife individuals in the District to violate the very heart of their lives and their work and be coerced into paying for abortion on demand and be forced to hire antilife individuals who actually promote abortion. As a Catholic and as an American, I am offended by such coercion. 
up against this direct assault on our freedom of religion, our freedom of association, and our freedom of speech. 
and honor our constitutional oath of office by adopting this rule and passing H.J. Res. 43. 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), a member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
many Democrats who have rallied to the defense of reproductive health decisions of men and women in the District of Columbia, especially since this is a resolution to overturn a District of Columbia law that everyone in this Chamber will be able to vote on, except me. 
I wish to respond to a set of untruths 
you have heard from the other side that, for example, the D.C. law is an assault on religion. On the contrary, it protects an employer’s religious beliefs. He can hold those religious beliefs if that is part of what his organization does. The employee must advocate those beliefs. Whatever the organization or business, the employee must advocate the employer’s views, not his own. What the employer cannot do is to go into the employee’s bedroom to find out what kind of reproductive choices he makes on his own as a private matter. 
in this bill. In fact, just the opposite— the D.C. law makes it clear that insurance is not involved, paying for abortion is not involved. 
Republicans have done almost the inconceivable. They have resumed, with this disapproval resolution, the war on women, by adding men. 
from job discrimination by the employer for their reproductive health choices. For example, if the employer discriminates against a male employee who has contributed sperm for in vitro fertilization to help his wife become 
D.C. law to abortion; but, if an employee refuses to carry out—indeed, to advocate—the mission of the organization that opposes abortion, then that employee can be fired. 
before that employee is hired: Will you advocate vigorously against abortion the way this organization does? That employee must say yes, or that employee may not insist on any right to be hired. 
that the manager of this bill never defended the bill on the merits; instead, he defended the tyranny of Federal power over local matters. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 1 minute. 
its terms, Mr. Speaker, does not—and it says so—envision overturning local law, and it says so in its terms. There are only a few matters that the Home Rule Act mentions that cannot be enacted, and the matter on the floor is not one of them. 
federalism and local control; yet they are trying to impose their own preferences on a local jurisdiction whose Member cannot even vote for or against it. This is a double whammy. 
Rule Act. It goes after D.C.’s right to selfgovernment and women at the same time. 
The coming attraction in your district is that this bill or a version of it is pending all over the country. Stop it here, or it will spread throughout the United States of America. 
time it is my great pleasure to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the vice 
thank my colleague from Georgia for the great leadership he shows in the Rules Committee and on the floor. 
other side of the aisle have made many comments. Some of them, I am going 
to do my best to refute comment by comment; others, I am just going to talk about in general. 
should stay out of the business of governing D.C. Article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution gives Congress explicit jurisdiction over the country’s seat of government. The extent to which Congress should oversee or intervene in the governance of the District is a debate for another day, but it is clearly our responsibility. 
oversight, and we must exercise responsibly that jurisdiction. That includes acting to stop legislation that clearly violates the constitutional freedoms of the citizens of the District. 
that women are protected by law, both Federal and D.C., from discrimination on the basis of pregnancy. Their personal medical decisions are also private under HIPAA protections. 
someone chooses to conduct their personal affairs. It is about whether the D.C. government may force an organization to hire, retain, and promote someone who actively opposes their central mission and core beliefs. 
Prolife groups, religious organizations, and Republicans, are not the only ones to see significant problems with RHNDA. Even former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray cautioned that RHNDA goes too far, and called the bill ‘‘legally insufficient’’ and ‘‘legally problematic.’’ 
issues, he recognized that the approach taken by the City Council does not adequately protect free exercise. He further noted that the measure ‘‘raises serious concerns under the Constitution and under the Religions Freedom Restoration Act.’’ 
also expressed concerns that ‘‘religious organizations, religiously affiliated organizations, religiouslydriven forprofit entities, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them.’’ The D.C. Council’s cavalier attitude 
toward the constitutional rights protecting religious practice and belief is deeply troubling. Unfortunately, RHNDA is a harbinger of continued efforts to undermine the right of free exercise and association. 
rights to prolife organizations and religious groups who do not fit the narrow definition of ‘‘ministers’’ exempted from the D.C. law. Under this law, these organizations can be forced to hire, retain, and promote individuals who work actively against their central mission and core beliefs. 
these organizations must be opposed by anyone who values the rights guaranteed to us by the First Amendment. 
Mr. Speaker, our oath of office requires us to preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. 
The Supreme Court ruled unanimously in 2012 that religious organizations have the right to hire individuals that support their mission, saying: ‘‘The interest of society in the enforcement of employment discrimination statutes is undoubtedly important. But so, too, is the interest of religious groups in choosing who will preach their beliefs, teach their faith, and carry out their mission . . . The church must be free to choose those who will guide it on its way.’’ 
commend this rule and disapproval resolution for our support. 
time I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN  
B. M ALONEY ), a member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
York. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is extreme, and it is an outrage to women everywhere. The Republican majority is saying with this resolution that they think a woman’s employer has a say in the woman’s reproductive healthcare choices, even though the Supreme Court, the Constitution, and women all across this country know that they don’t. 
party believes your boss should dictate whether your healthcare plan covers birth control. Now they want to make sure your boss has the right to fire you just for using birth control. 
is outrageous enough, but it is not. This resolution would actually give employers the right to fire an employee for the reproductive healthcare choices of their spouses, or even their children. 
Think about it. The other side is saying that it is all right to fire someone because their boss doesn’t like their wife’s, or even their children’s, healthcare choices. Talk about restricting someone’s rights. 
women’s private decisions and make them fireable offenses. In vitro fertilization, you are fired. Exercising your right to choose, you are fired. You have a daughter on birth control, you are fired. 
totally unacceptable. It is an insult to women everywhere. And even more amazing is that this resolution is being proposed by the socalled party of states’ rights. 
law. They are taking away the rights of a locality, the District, Washington, D.C., which is larger than some States and has a population larger than most States. 
This is a new low in this Congress. I 
turning on the TVs back in their office, they may think we are in the middle of issue debate right now—not the case. We can get into issue debate as soon as we pass this rule to begin that debate. 
work that we do in the Rules Committee is that it makes in order the ability to have these kinds of indepth discussions. 
right here—there are three topics in this bill—because these three topics in this bill will come later in the day, each being discussed individually. 
I will go back to where I began, Mr. 
Speaker. We are exercising responsibilities of the Constitution under Article I, section 8, that require us to do oversight on the District of Columbia. Similarly, we are pushing back on executive overreach in H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. That is that big Federal grab over all the water that our States are currently regulating. And finally, we will be bringing up that balanced budget, the first reconciled budget that most in this Chamber have ever seen. 
It will be a free and open debate on the budget, as we allowed every single budget to be debated earlier on this floor, it is going to be an open debate on H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, where the Rules Committee made in order every Democratic suggestion that was offered there, every amendment that came before the Rules Committee. And it will be an up ordown vote after debate on H.J. Res. 43, the resolution of disapproval, as the very 1974 act that provided for selfgovernance of the District of Columbia anticipated. 
can get into that substance, and I look forward to a robust debate on all three of those topics. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this rule and to H.J. Res. 43. This bill would undermine the District’s Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act, which would protect employees who work in the District from workplace discrimination based on the employee’s personal reproductive healthcare decisions. 
For example, this includes prohibiting an employer from firing an employee for using in vitro fertilization or birth control. 
another Republican attack on women’s access to health care and another battle in the war on women. And of course, as always, you target the women of the District of Columbia to set a standard for the rest of the country. 
between your private healthcare decisions and job performance? This is so cynical. It is so wrong. No woman should have an employer or a politician interfering in her personal health decisions. 
determine how they want to protect their workers. Employees should be evaluated at work based on their performance, not on their personal and private reproductive healthcare decisions. 
fairness for its women, and this rule and this resolution are outrageous. It is undemocratic and, once again, ignores the Home Rule Act. Yes, Congress should not be dictating any policy to the District of Columbia. This debate has been held. The Home Rule Act was passed in 1973. 
seeks to protect the citizens and women of D.C. from discrimination based on their private reproductive healthcare decisions, we should be getting back to the real business that Congress needs to address, like strengthening our economy, lifting families out of poverty, criminal justice reform, and creating job opportunities for all. 
District of Columbia and its decisions. Let’s respect them. Let’s respect the women of the District of Columbia. They, too, have that right. 
advise my friend from Massachusetts I do not have any further speakers remaining, and I would inquire if he has any further speakers remaining. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). 
opposition to this rule and its assault on Americans’ reproductive health rights. All women should have the right to make their own healthcare decisions without fear of losing their 
undergoing in vitro fertilization and being fired for being a single mom, the City Council of Washington, D.C. passed a resolution to ban workplace discrimination based on personal reproductive healthcare decisions. 
This joint resolution does not infringe on religious liberty. It ensures the freedom to practice individual religious and moral beliefs. This decision of the D.C. Council will protect women and ensure that reproductive health decisions are made by women and not their employers and not corporations. 
It is 2015, and I would love for Congress to be debating women in the workplace. We should be talking about how we achieve equal pay, how we increase paid sick leave, and how to help working families make ends meet. We should not be stripping away the progress that has already been made. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 31⁄4 
minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Georgia has 12
11⁄4quarter minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
friend, because I would like to correct some misstatements from the other side. 
the former Attorney General never detailed what their concern was, but just in case, the District passed an amendment that made it clear that insurance and abortion are not covered by this bill. 
A prolife organization is not required to hire someone who advocates against abortion. An employee must carry out and must advocate whatever is the mission of the organization. 
This bill has an exception for organizations’ religious and political views. Both must be carried out. 
come to this floor before because only three times in 25 years has it been taken up, and that was mostly because D.C. mistakenly wandered into Federal matters. That is why this Federal authority was retained in the House of Representatives and in the Senate, not to overturn local law whenever the other side simply disagreed with it. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the R ECORD along with extraneous materials immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? 
There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. I just wanted to make that clear before I continue here. 
to the floor and have to squeeze into a very short period of time three different bills on one rule. These are three very controversial bills. 
essentially is a war on women in the District of Columbia, that denies women and men their privacy and their right to reproductive health care. We have a bill in here also that essentially tries to gut the Clean Water Act, which is very controversial and has a very direct impact on the health and well being of the people of this country. And then we have this budget that was filed minutes before the Rules Committee met. Nobody read it. 
Committee reports that, although the resolution waives all points of order against provisions in H.J. Res. 43, the committee is not aware of any point of order. Well, one of the points of order is the 3day layover, which is being violated, so the committee is waiving a point of order with regard to that. 
Look, we should be debating an immigration reform bill. We should be debating a pay equity bill. We should be debating an increase in the minimum wage. We should be debating a comprehensive longterm highway and transportation reauthorization bill to help rebuild this country. There are so many important things that we should be debating, and, instead, we are bringing these wedge issues to the floor. We are bringing an antienvironmental bill to the floor that is going nowhere, and we are bringing a budget to the floor that paves the way for a lot of nothing. 
Unless we fix the sequestration problem, the Senate is not going to take up any of these appropriations bills, and neither should we. 
first and put the electioneering off. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
about this institution is my colleagues come to the floor with different life experiences. They come with different opinions. They come with a different set of bosses. The 700,000 folks that I call my boss back home in Georgia, I am sure, have very different views than those who call themselves the boss of my friend from Massachusetts. 
passage. No. It just makes in order for debate on the floor of this House. These three bills are exactly the kind of thing that this House should be working on, and I am proud to bring it today. 
serve on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. That is where this resolution of disapproval has come from. I did last cycle. I don’t this cycle. I have heard colleague after colleague come to the floor and defend the rights of not being fired because your sister or your daughter or your son or your brother used birth control. 
can’t imagine that someone would be fired for what their sister or their brother does in terms of their reproductive health choices. I agree. I agree. And if there is an opportunity to work together to prevent that from happening—that is apparently happening en masse here in the District of Columbia—I want to be a part of it. 
en masse. In fact, it is not happening at all. It is not happening at all. 
Mr. Speaker, I do not mind being lectured by my friends to get back to the business of the people. I do not mind. In fact, I am onboard with it every single day of the week. We can start earlier, and we can start later, and I will be here. But do not, Mr. Speaker, do not lecture me on getting about the business of the people and come down with story after story after story that is not what this legislation is about, that is not a problem, that is not something that any of us disagree on. 
Mr. Speaker, we have some legitimate disagreements on this floor, and if we pass this rule, we will be able to get into the nittygritty of those disagreements. 
But we do not disagree on the freedom of family members to make their own reproductive health choices without it impacting our own employment. 
we can find a case in the District of Columbia—I don’t mean a case this year; I don’t mean a case last year; I mean a case ever of that happening—seek me out as your partner, and I will help you. Because what folks seem to miss here in this conga line of frustration is that if we reject the D.C. Council’s resolution, we return D.C. to the law of the land as it exists, when? Today. We don’t take a single right away from anybody. We don’t take a single freedom away from anybody. We are not interested in doing that whatsoever. 
What we are interested in doing is protecting religious freedom. 
It turns out, if you live in Washington, D.C., Mr. Speaker, you might work for an institution that lobbies for life. You might work for an institution that focuses on faith. This is a town of ideas, Mr. Speaker. 
In the rush to pass a piece of legislation—these are not my words. These are the words of Vincent Gray in his letter to the members of the council of the District of Columbia: In the rush to push this bill through, the 
council did not take the time to protect this cathedral of freedom that we have here, did not take the time to make sure that that first and most important of our constitutional freedoms was protected. 
is the Constitution. There is nothing that the District of Columbia can do to undermine the Constitution. But they can cause a lot of problems for folks along the way. This is a resolution of disapproval to prevent that from happening. 
here, H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, my friends suggest that we are talking about clean water in this country, that this is about Republicans undermining clean water. 
I will say again, as I said about the 
resolution of disapproval: if we pass this bill, we will roll the regulatory environment of clean water so far back, it will be just like it is today. That is what we are going to do. I just want to be clear about those radical ideas that my friends on the left have suggested. 
If we have the will in this body to 
pass this bill, we are going to roll regulations so far back, it will be exactly like it is as I am standing here today. 
Guess what: I live in Gwinnett County, Georgia. I challenge you to have a water treatment plant that does a better job than we do. We have a water fountain right there where the sewage gets treated, Mr. Speaker. You can go ahead and press that water fountain and have yourself a drink. That is how clean it is. We put it back into the lake cleaner than we take it out of the lake. 
in an executive office downtown about how to clean water in the State of Georgia. I promise you, I care more about clean water in Georgia than anyone on Pennsylvania Avenue does. We are succeeding today. 
If we have a problem with State regulation of clean water, come to me. I will be your partner. We will work on that together. 
doing a good job. The problem is, the Feds are planning to get in the way of Georgia doing a good job. This bill will stop it. If we pass this rule, we will be able to have that debate. 
makes me the proudest is our concurrent budget resolution. My friends have lots to say about why it is this budget doesn’t balance. Let’s be clear: I believe that they are wrong. 
discussion, Mr. Speaker, is that my friends don’t want the budget to balance. We had a free and open debate on this floor. We considered every budget that any Member of this Chamber wanted to offer, every single one. 
Speaker. Every Republican budget that was introduced balanced within 10 years and didn’t raise taxes on hard 
working Americans. Every single budget the Democrats introduced never balanced—not in 10 years, not in 20 years, not in 100 years—and every single one raised taxes on hardworking Americans by trillions of dollars. Trillions of dollars in new taxes, and it still didn’t reach balance. 
fundamental disagreement about how this country ought to be run, and I am glad that we have that debate here in this Chamber. We are a deliberative body. I respect the opinions of my friends. I do believe there is a common ground that we can come to. But, Mr. Speaker, this is that common ground today. 
passed in the United States Senate, much less try to bring it together so that the House and the Senate are working off a single page of music. 
Chamber has done its job in concert with the Senate. It is no small thing. Far from being something to be criticized, it is something to be celebrated. 
going to be, Mr. Speaker. Conferencing something with the Senate is hard. I promise you that my bosses back home in Georgia have a much more conservative view of the world than many of the folks do in the United States Senate. But guess what, I don’t get everything I want every day. But what I get is an opportunity to come together to build that bridge of common ground and agreement. 
us today—not my ideas, not Democratic ideas, not Republican ideas, but collaborative HouseSenate ideas—a budget for the Federal Government for the first time in 15 years. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues: Take a look at this rule. You will be proud. Take a look at the work of the hardworking people in the Rules Committee upstairs—nine Republicans, four Democrats getting together late in the evening, trying to make the rules work—you will be proud. 
was made in order on the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act. The resolution of disapproval, brought exactly as the Home Rule Act intended: last used by Democrats to disapprove; today used by this Chamber. 
only after every single Member’s ideas were debated, and the best rose to the top. 
from all of my colleagues for this fair and honest rule. 
the special rule governing consideration of the conference report to accompany S. Con. Res. 11, the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget for Fiscal Year 2016, included a prophylactic waiver of points of order against its consideration and it was described as such in House 
It is important to note that the text of the 
conference report and the joint explanatory statement were made available in electronic form on April 29, 2015. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 231 O FFERED BY  
In section 2, strike ‘‘except one hour of debate.’’ and insert ‘‘except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit with instructions that the Managers on the part of the House— 
and nondefense spending above the sequester cap levels to: 
the economy to create jobs, rebuild our infrastructure, educate our children and sharpen the nation’s competitive edge; 
enforcement, homeland security, defense and international programs that help protect the nation; and 
end Medicare’s guaranteed benefit by turning it into a voucher system that will increase costs for seniors and destabilize the traditional Medicare program that has served seniors well for half a century. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate 
vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule . . . because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on adopting the resolution, if ordered, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 181, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell 
Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver 
Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Foster Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 242, noes 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) 
Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
unanimous consent that the Committees on House Administration and Transportation and Infrastructure be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 43, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
GROUNDS FOR EVENTS SURROUNDING VISIT OF HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL. 
for official Congressional events surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol on Thursday, September 24, 2015, or on such other dates as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate. 
such actions as may be necessary to enforce the restrictions applicable to the Capitol Grounds in connection with the events authorized by this section. 
of the Capitol is authorized to erect upon the Capitol Grounds such stage, sound amplification devices, and other related structures and equipment as may be required for the events authorized by this section. 
FOR EVENTS SURROUNDING VISIT OF HIS HOLINESS POPE FRANCIS TO UNITED STATES CAPITOL. 
authorized to be used for ceremonies and activities surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol on September 24, 2015, or on such other dates as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate. 
Physical preparations for the conduct of such ceremonies and activities shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
Center is authorized to be used for ceremonies and activities surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol on September 24, 2015, or on such other dates as the Speaker of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate may jointly designate. Physical preparations for the conduct of such ceremonies and activities shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
In carrying out their duties under this concurrent resolution, the Architect of the Capitol and the Capitol Police Board are each authorized to utilize appropriate equipment and services of appropriate personnel of departments and agencies of the Federal Government, under such arrangements as each may enter into with the heads of those departments and agencies in connection with the ceremonies and activities surrounding the visit of His Holiness Pope Francis to the United States Capitol. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the further consideration of H.R. 2028. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
Will the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) kindly take the 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mrs. BLACK (Acting Chair) in the 
The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, April 29, 2015, a request for a recorded vote on an amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) had been postponed, and 
the bill had been read through page 22, line 7. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 22, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $75,000,000)’’. 
Page 25, lines 13 and 16, after each dollar 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my amendment builds on the committee’s work to support scientific research and development within the Department of Energy. 
Congress passed the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, and over that time, technology and scientific knowledge have evolved significantly. However, Congress still clings to outdated technology and policy prescriptions to address today’s nuclear waste issues. 
The fact is that dumping our country’s highly radioactive nuclear waste in a hole and hoping for the best is a 20th century solution. Instead, we must encourage the use of 21st century technology to address this issue. My amendment eliminates the money earmarked for the Yucca Mountain High Level Waste Geological Repository and increases funding for the Nuclear Energy University Program within DOE’s Office of Nuclear Energy so that we can better support our scientists and universities as they work to develop a 21st century solution to this problem. 
decreases budget authority by $75 million and has no net impact on budget outlays. The Nuclear Energy University Program is authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 and the Energy Policy Act of 2005. Pursuant to these authorities, DOE’s Office of Nuclear Energy allocates up to 20 percent of its R&D to universitybased programs and missionsupporting R&D and related infrastructure improvements each year. 
The funds provided by my amendment will be used by the Office of Nuclear Energy to support the Nuclear Energy University Program and the efforts by our universities to research and develop ways to reduce the radiotoxicity of nuclear waste, better recycle and reuse spent nuclear fuel, and ultimately provide a 21st century solution to our nuclear waste problem. 
through the Nuclear Energy University Program to the University of Nevada Las Vegas College of Sciences help support and maintain a worldclass radiochemistry program at UNLV that is currently working to reduce the radiotoxicity of nuclear waste. In fact, the technology available to students at UNLV is so advanced that scientists working at the national laboratories often use the facilities at UNLV to conduct experiments in the field of radiochemistry. 
Strengthening and supporting the research and innovations already taking place at UNLV and other universities throughout the country to solve our Nation’s nuclear waste problem is a much wiser investment of Federal resources than the flawed Yucca Mountain proposal. Instead of continuing the outdated, unworkable, oneState mustlosefor49–Statestowin approach to this problem, why don’t we invest in the development of research and technology that will allow every State to win? 
throughout the country, the 21st century solution proposed by this amendment has the potential to create countless new highpaying R&D jobs by utilizing existing regional technological capabilities. It is time we stopped subscribing to 20th century ideas that waste taxpayer resources by trying to sweep our nuclear waste problems under a very expensive rug and instead invest in American innovation and ingenuity to develop solutions that will make our country a leader in the field of nuclear energy once again. 
future of nuclear waste disposal, support my amendment to help create jobs, and restore the United States role as a leader in science and technology development. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I rise in opposition to 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s amendment and him offering the amendment, and I appreciate his point of view and why he is offering it, but this amendment would eliminate $150 million in the bill for the Department of Energy to reorganize its adjudicatory response team and get the Yucca Mountain licensing process back on track and running. 
land. You have to remember that. Yucca Mountain is the law of the land, even though the administration has failed to follow that law. It has seen overwhelming support in countless numbers of votes and countless numbers of times in the House and is the only permanent repository option we have on the table. 
This amendment would put in jeopardy the more than $15 billion—let me repeat that, the more than $15 billion— that has been spent so far on this program. 
is finished, all Members of this body and the Senate will have the opportunity to decide whether to move forward to construct and use the facility, but killing the process at this point, I think, is shortsighted, even though I understand the gentleman’s concern. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HECK). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological investigations and research concerning the extraction, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $605,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of such amount 
$120,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Minnesota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is simple and straightforward. It is designed to reduce wasteful spending, which I think we all would like to do around here. 
increased taxpayerfunded fossil fuel research and development by $45 million above the President’s request. My amendment would simply reduce the funding for the Office of Fossil Energy by $45 million, down to the President’s requested level, and then dedicate these funds to the spending reduction account, which is something that I think all of us want to do, given how much we talk about wasteful spending and deficit reduction around here. 
The five most profitable oil companies—Exxon Mobil, Shell, Chevron, BP, ConocoPhillips—together made more than a trillion in profits last decade. A trillion dollars of profit; I think that is pretty good. Fossil fuels are reaping $550 billion a year in subsidies, four times the amount of $120 billion paid out in incentives for renewable energy. So fossil fuels are not getting the short shrift. 
money. Nationwide the hidden health costs of electricity generated by fossil fuels adds up to as much as $886 billion annually, or about 6 percent of gross domestic product. I am from Minnesota, and I live in north Minneapolis, and I can tell you, Madam Chair, that children there suffer greater rates of asthma than the rest of the State, partially as a result of emissions from vehicles that run on fossil fuels. 
Climate change will make our electricity costs go up. Greenhousegas driven changes in temperature will likely increase demand for electricity. This will make it necessary for construction of up to 95 gigawatts of new power generation over the next 5 to 25 years. 
Residential and commercial ratepayers will pay up to $12 billion more per year, and people living in coastal communities could pay as much as $35 billion a year within the next 15 years because of sea level rise and hurricane activity. 
let’s cut wasteful spending; let’s stop wasting taxpayer money on dirty fossil fuel resources that cost all of us a lot more in the long term. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. I rise in opposition to 
Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, it is almost humorous to listen to someone who wants to reduce the deficit and put this money into the deficit reduction account but then complains that we are following sequestration, and it is just too low and too crazy, and we need to do away with sequestration. We need to be able to spend more money. 
The reality is, it is not that it is the 
deficit reduction account; it is that it is out of the fossil fuel program, which is more than what the President recommended. The administration has priorities, and Congress has priorities. This bill reflects the priorities of the subcommittee and the full committee that brought it to the floor. The amendment would reduce funding for the fossil energy account by $45 million in favor of deficit spending. 
Fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and natural gas provide nearly 85 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses. Fossil fuels such as coal, oil, and natural gas provide nearly 85 percent of the energy used by the Nation’s homes and businesses and will continue to provide for the majority of our energy needs for the foreseeable future. 
proposed reductions to the fossil energy program, particularly the drastic cuts to the coal program, which is cut by $31 million in the budget request, and instead funds these programs at $605 million, a $34 million increase over last year. With this additional funding, the Office of Fossil Energy will target research into how water can be more 
efficiently used in power plants, how coal can be used to produce electric power through fuel cells, and how to efficiently capture and store carbon from our abundant natural resources. 
This amendment would reduce funding for a program that ensures we use our Nation’s fossil fuel resources as well and as cleanly as possible. Let me repeat. Fossil fuels, such as coal, oil, and natural gas, provide nearly 85 percent of the energy used by our Nation’s homes and businesses, and will continue to provide for the majority of our energy needs in the foreseeable future. 
Therefore, I must oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to do so. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, do I 
my friend and I can join together on the spending reduction account on this particular measure. It is not that much money in the scope of this big event. The fact is, we should all be trying to reduce the deficit where we can, particularly when we are talking about industries that have combined profits of a trillion dollars. A trillion. 
Fifth Congressional District of Minnesota need to foot the bill for R&D for Exxon Mobil, Shell, Chevron, BP, and ConocoPhillips. I think they should pay their own R&D if they are banking money like that. I think they are doing just fine, and they don’t need more of the average taxpayer’s dough. 
giving the fossil fuel industry $550 billion a year in subsidies. Isn’t that enough? Can’t they live with a little less, given that they are making a trillion dollars in combined profits? We are giving them $550 billion in subsidies, and they want more, and they just cannot possibly do with $45 million less than we are giving them already? 
I have got to tell you, I have just got 
a feeling that if they don’t get this extra money, they will be fine. I feel ConocoPhillips and Chevron will somehow make it if they don’t get our American taxpayers’ $45 million. 
I urge a very strong ‘‘yes’’ in favor of 
this amendment for deficit reduction and to end a little bit of corporate welfare. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. The reality is 
ExxonMobil, all of the other companies you named, don’t get this money. This money goes into research, research that fuels 85 percent of the electrical needs in this country—research. 
going to do that, why not take away all the money that goes into renewable energy research? Why not take away all the money that goes into wind power or into solar power or into nuclear power or into any of the other research 
It is just that some people can’t fathom the fact that 85 percent—that is getting close to 100—but 85 percent of our energy is produced by fossil fuel. While the gentleman talks about deficit reduction, the reality is I think he just wants to take some money out of the fossil fuel research account. 
I will be interested, being so interested in deficit reduction, how the vote comes later on with the Republican budget that will be before the House later on, so I will be watching that very closely. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. ELLISON. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota will be postponed. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $17,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That, 
notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $212,030,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $7,600,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $117,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for nondefense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $229,193,000, to remain available until expended. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment 
facility decontamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $625,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992. 
For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 17 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only, including one ambulance and one bus, $5,100,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That of 
such amount, $181,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 25, line 5, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,500,000)’’. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an important amendment that ensures that the Nuclear Regulatory Commission is appropriately funded to meet its core mission. The NRC’s work is vital to the energy picture of our Nation, and safety remains and always will be the number one priority. 
percent of its budget comes from appropriated funds from the taxpayers; and, secondly, 90 percent of the fees are collected from the nuclear industry. 
While I am a strong supporter of nuclear power and safety, the NRC budget has grown dramatically in the last decade from $669 million per year in 2005 to the current level of over $1 billion this year. Herein lies the problem. 
we face today with the NRC. Under the NRC’s 2005 budget, there were 3,108 employees responsible for oversight on 104 reactors and the review of 1,500 licensing actions. In their fiscal year 2016 budget request of $1.032 billion, the NRC called for 3,754 employees to oversee 100 reactors and review 900 licensing actions. 
has gone down by 4 percent; the number of licensing actions has gone down by 40 percent; the number of employees has gone up by 21 percent, and the budget has grown by 54 percent. 
does the staff and the cost grow while the workload goes down. The historical 
increases in both funding and staff resources occurred in anticipation of new reactors being built under a nuclear renaissance for our country. 
Unfortunately, due to increasing bureaucratic red tape and other market conditions, the work never materialized; thus, a shrinking nuclear industry has faced an evergrowing regulator over the past 10 years. Only in Washington, as I said before, does the bureaucracy grow while the workload shrinks. 
even admits that it needs to downsize. In its February 2015 report entitled, ‘‘Project Aim 2020,’’ they said the same thing. Additionally, the NRC has 60 rulemakings underway, and they are collecting additional fees from existing reactors to make up for lost licensing revenue. These fees are ultimately paid by hardworking American families in their electricity bills. 
funding by $25 million, or about 2.5 percent, and would rightsize the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to meet its core mission and safely regulate our existing nuclear fleet. 
percent of that, would be reduced by $22.5 million, and the Federal share of $2.5 would be redirected to basic research in DOE’s Office of Science in order to develop future American energy solutions. 
Madam Chair, in the last few minutes, I have had the opportunity to have great discussions with Chairman SIMPSON , and I am confident that he is 
aware of this issue and has taken steps to do this. He said he would work with me in the future to continue addressing this issue. I am raising this today, but I will be withdrawing my amendment. 
issue and for agreeing to work with me on the issue. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. I want to thank the 
gentleman for being dogged on this issue. We share his concern. We had a great hearing with all the commissioners of the NRC. They also understand this concern. It was the Aim Project 2020 that they put together that realized that they have too many staff and they need to reduce it. They want to do it in a responsible way. 
amendment to reduce their budget by $25 million. That is in addition to the fact that they had carryover fund that they could have spent last year that they won’t have available this year. 
it is the right amount or not, we don’t know yet, but we are going to keep on this because we want them to reestablish their credibility in the world. They need to do that because they are a regulatory agency that is very important, and they do incredibly important work. 
again on this next year when we do their budget to make sure they are following through on their commitment to reduce their size and scope, particularly the rulemaking authority that they have got out there. Many people believe they are writing far too many rules, and some believe it is because they have too many employees. 
this amendment and the discussion and offering to withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio. 
offerer of the amendment from Texas that I come from a part of the country where the Nuclear Regulatory Commission did not do its job for a long time. 
to do, and all I would say is, coming from a region where we have serious infractions that put human life at risk more than once, as you look at that budget and try to improve it, do not assume whatever levels of regulation existed in fact were appropriate because, in many cases, they were shortchanged and inadequate. 
As you move forward in this important arena, I would urge you to look at the places in the country where mistakes happened and figure out why and then direct resources to where they are most important in this very important technology. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Page 25, line 5, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(increased by $239,749,000)’’. 
Page 29, line 2, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $239,749,000)’’. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Illinois and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise today to offer an amendment to address an imbalance in our efforts to promote the longterm economic security interests of the United States. 
underfund the Office of Science by almost $240 million below the President’s request for the next fiscal year. My amendment would correct this by bringing the Office of Science account up to the President’s request level. 
Science and its laboratories have supported American innovation and discovery science at the forefront of the physical sciences and engineering. 
the value of our national labs. They have helped answer fundamental questions on how the universe works, supported breakthroughs in fields as diverse as medicine and astronomy and developments in industry that drive our economy. 
the construction of accelerators and detectors that enable our scientists to discover new particles, including quarks and the Higgs boson, to help explain the nature of the universe in matter, energy, space, and time. Physicists have used their fundamental research to develop new technologies, including the PET scan, which is used every day to treat patients diagnosed with cancerous tumors. 
The Office of Science has also supported the training of scientists, mathematicians, and engineers for more than 60 years. We need to maintain a competitive advantage now more than ever. 
While the U.S. is reducing investments in Federal R&D, Europe and Asia have been increasing investments. In 1968, we spent 9.1 percent of the budget on research and development. Today, we are spending only 3.6 percent. If this trend continues, it won’t be long before China’s investments in R&D will far outpace our own. 
important investment in our future, it is a valuable investment in our economy. Our national labs and the major user facilities housed at those labs are some of the greatest tools we have to offer researchers and industry. They are also important contractors to the local economy. The economic impacts of Argonne and Fermilab in Illinois are estimated to be more than $1.3 billion annually. 
eliminate Federal programs often say that the private sector can do it better, but, when it comes to fundamental scientific research, that simply is not an option. The Office of Science is responsible for building and maintaining research facilities, which many private companies rely on but are far too big for any single business or university to develop. 
These user facilities, such as the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne National Laboratory, are a critical research tool to academics and industry alike. For example, Eli Lilly conducts nearly half of the research in their drug discovery portfolio at the Advanced Photon Source at Argonne, but the funding levels in this bill will threaten the Advanced Photon Source and other critical projects. 
we must continue to develop the next generation of the American technical workforce. As other world powers are growing and challenging our position as the global leader in science and innovation, we cannot let the number of American scientists and researchers or the quality of their research facilities diminish. Bringing the Office of Science budget up to the President’s request is crucial to maintaining that quality. 
the offset, which is the NNSA weapons activities account. It is important for us to recognize that we need to strike the right balance between defending our country today and investing in scientific research for the future. 
advantage as the global leader in science and technology makes us much more secure than amassing and maintaining excessive numbers of nuclear weapons. 
Madam Chairman, I rise today because we must continue to invest in American innovation and fully fund the research and development conducted through the DOE Office of Science. 
has the power to block that funding and that there will be a point of order pending against this amendment. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–425), including the acquisition of real property or facility construction or expansion, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided , That of the amount 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to the floor today on behalf of the people of Nevada to ask my colleagues to reject the failed policies of the past and concentrate our efforts on real solutions to the Nation’s energy challenges. 
million for the failed Yucca Mountain Nuclear Waste project. Taxpayerfunded junkets and photo ops cannot change the fact that this project has never been based on sound science but, instead, stems from targeted politics. 
After decades squandered and $15 billion wasted, we are no closer to a solution than when President Reagan signed the ‘‘Screw Nevada’’ bill in 1988. Yet, today, the House is set to consider legislation that will waste millions more on this failed project. 
this is the law of the land. Well, the ACA is the law of the land, and that hasn’t stopped them from trying to overturn it 57 times. Furthermore, it appears that although this is the so called law of the land, the interpretation of that law is pretty flexible. 
I want to bring my colleagues’ attention to a particular line in this bill that appropriates $5 million for units of local government to support Yucca Mountain. This simply creates a slush fund to pay off local governments in return for their support of this failed project. 
colleagues are as familiar with the Nuclear Waste Policy Act as we are in Nevada, but the law clearly states that any benefits that the Federal Government may appropriate can only be provided through mutual agreement between the Federal Government and the State. Last time I checked, Republican Governor Brian Sandoval, not the House Appropriations Committee, is the chief executive of the State of Nevada, and he strongly opposes Yucca Mountain. 
the RECORD an oped written by Governor Sandoval and former Governor Richard Bryan, titled ‘‘Yucca Mountain: Unsafe site won’t ever be safe for nuclear waste.’’ 
proYucca Mountain congressional site visit this past week, recently asked the question, ‘‘Is there a scenario in which Nevadans would actually welcome nuclear waste storage at Yucca Mountain?’’ (‘‘Time for Nevada to talk Yucca Mountain,’’ March 22 Review Journal). 
The answer to that question is an emphatic ‘‘no’’ for one simple yet unavoidable reason: Because Yucca Mountain is an unsafe place for storing or disposing deadly nuclear waste and was selected for purely political reasons having nothing to do with science or suitability. There is nothing for state officials to negotiate. In fact, our leaders would be remiss in their duty to protect the public and the environment to entertain the notion that any amount of dollars could possibly compensate for likely grievous and lethal harm from siting a facility in such an unsafe location as Yucca Mountain. 
Yucca Mountain has taken a back seat to Washington, D.C., power politics. 
In 1987, Congress ignored science completely and named Yucca Mountain as the only site to be studied as a potential repository in spite of its known serious flaws. Yucca was picked not because it was the best site or even a safe one. It was chosen solely because Nevada was the most politically vulnerable state at the time. Sites in Texas, Louisiana, Washington, and other states were dismissed out of hand because their states were protected by powerful Washington, D.C., politicians. 
As site characterization at Yucca progressed, every time the science showed the site to be seriously flawed, the Energy Department merely invented another engineering fix—like the metal waste packages that will have to remain intact for 10,000 years or more, even though they’ve never been built or tested; more than 11,000 titanium drip shields that must be placed over the ‘‘corrosionresistant’’ waste packages (DOE does not plan to install them for 100 years or more) in order to meet the radiation exposure criteria; and manipulating the site’s boundaries so the aquifer below Yucca can be used to ‘‘dilute’’ the radiation that will inevitably escape from the repository. 
enough, the Energy Department simply abandoned its own siting criteria containing specific qualifying and disqualifying conditions (that Yucca couldn’t meet) and created a black boxlike assessment tool (called Total System Performance Assessment, or TSPA) that allows the site’s many flaws to be camouflaged and rendered insignificant. 
problem is not to keep beating the dead horse that is Yucca Mountain, as Rep. John Shimkus, RIll., appeared to be doing with the promotional tour of the shutdown Yucca Mountain site last week. A more constructive and fruitful approach would be to move forward with new initiatives that rely on real science to identify safe and suitable storage and disposal sites and require states and local governments to give their consent to any future nuclear waste siting efforts. 
of Nevada. Richard Bryan, a Democrat, is a former Nevada governor and U.S. senator, and chairman of the Nevada Commission on Nuclear Projects. 
Ms. TITUS. Also, the committee’s report language sites that this hush money is provided for local governments that give ‘‘formal consent.’’ This 
raises yet another question about the intent of this section. The law does not outline any process for giving formal consent, so how would the newly bribed localities be able to provide that consent? 
you to support H.R. 1364, the Nuclear Waste Informed Consent Act, which I introduced, along with my colleague Congressman HECKand Senators R EID 
sets out a formal consent process so that Nevada or Texas or New Mexico or any other State and affected local community or tribe that chooses to host a nuclear waste depository will have a process by which it can give consent for siting by the Federal Government. No community should have to face what we in Nevada have faced for the last few decades of having this pushed down our throat. 
nuclear waste storage proposals that are supported in the State of Texas and the State of New Mexico. 
A Dallasbased company is looking to expand its nuclear waste site in rural West Texas into a longerterm storage site for highlevel radioactive waste. 
the federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission to approve a new license to expand its above ground storage facility in Andrews County to allow more radioactive types of waste. 
waste—contaminated rags, tools and other equipment that have come mostly from the national nuclear research lab in Los Alamos, New Mexico. 
The site also served as a home for waste 
that was supposed to wind up at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant in Carlsbad, New Mexico, until that site was shuttered after a leak contaminated workers there about a year ago. 
from nuclear power plants across the country—a more radioactive form of waste. 
Texas temporarily—until the federal government comes up with a longterm disposal plan—but it could be decades before that happens. 
‘‘Even though it is called an interim storage facility, that storage period is a long time,’’ says WCS President Rod Baltzer. ‘‘We think that’s somewhere between 60 to 100 years.’’ 
talking to reporters about the company’s push to expand the facility. 
‘‘This wasn’t initially something we intended to do when we got out there, but we’ve been out there a long time, and times have changed,’’ he says. 
for its track record of slowly expanding its intentions for the West Texas site. The environmental group says the company’s misled lawmakers and the public as it’s sought to store more radioactive types of waste through the years. 
Sierra Club’s Lone Star Chapter, says he’s watched with concern while the company’s 
plan for the site grew from storing low level waste to larger quantities of the same waste. 
‘‘Now it turns out we are to become the nation’s dumping ground for all manner of dangerous highly toxic radioactive waste,’’ he says. 
WCS maintains it can store the waste safely, and that the community in Andrews County has welcomed the idea. 
Obama Administration’s call in 2013 for a ‘‘consentbased’’ approach to transporting, storing and disposing of the nation’s nuclear waste. 
seek out communities willing to house nuclear waste ‘‘in expectation of the economy activity that would result from the siting, construction and operation of such a facility in their communities.’’ 
that kind of place. County Commissioners recently passed a resolution enthusiastically backing the plan. 
gives WCS the green light, the company says construction on the expanded facility could be complete by the end of 2020. 
Wednesday they’re partnering with an international firm in the race to build an interim storage facility to house spent nuclear fuel that has been piling up at reactors around the nation. 
Holtec International gathered at the National Museum of Nuclear Science and History in Albuquerque to outline their plans. 
chairman of the EddyLea Energy Alliance, a consortium of city and county governments, said there’s no better place in the U.S. than southeastern New Mexico to build such a facility since the region is already home to a multibilliondollar uranium enrichment plant and the federal government’s only underground nuclear waste repository. 
The region is still rebounding from the indefinite closure of the government’s Waste Isolation Pilot Plant, where a chemical reaction inside a drum of waste resulted in a radiation release in February 2014. The U.S. Department of Energy has said it will take years and more than a halfbillion dollars before the repository resumes full operations. 
The proposed storage facility would be designed to handle spent nuclear fuel from power plants, not the kind of defenserelated waste that was shipped to WIPP. 
his company has spent more than a decade developing technology to ensure the safe storage of spent fuel inside triplelined stainless steel casks that are capable of enduring the force of a freight train collision or an earthquake. 
‘‘We became convinced that this is an extraordinary, safe process that needs to occur in this country,’’ Heaton said. 
Federal officials acknowledged that the future of nuclear energy in the U.S. depends on the ability to manage and dispose of used nuclear fuel and highlevel radioactive waste. 
begin siting interim storage sites as part of its plan to spur the use of nuclear power and develop the transportation and storage infrastructure needed to manage the waste. 
Some members of Congress have shown renewed interested in the mothballed Yucca Mountain project in Nevada. 
announced plans earlier this year to build a temporary storage facility that would eventually be capable of holding up to 40,000 metric tons. 
70,000 metric tons. The proposed facility in southeastern New Mexico would hold even more. 
EddyLea Energy Alliance addresses the design, licensing, construction and operation of an underground storage site on 32 acres between the communities of Carlsbad and Hobbs. 
to apply for a permit from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission within a year. State permits would also be required. Licensing could take three years. 
project off the ground, otherwise we would have repositories and interim storage facilities all over the country,’’ Heaton said. ‘‘We have great partners and the will to get it done.’’ 
this month. She sent a letter to Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz as a preliminary endorsement of the proposal. 
to transportation issues and the possibility that New Mexico could become a permanent repository for such waste. Supporters said Wednesday they would have to work with communities along the transportation routes, just as they did when setting up the network for shipping waste to WIPP. 
price tag on the venture, but Heaton said it could involve anywhere from $200 million to $400 million in capital costs. 
bring in for the counties and the state would ultimately depend on how big of a share of the market Holtec could attract, Singh said. 
Chairman, instead of wasting tens of millions of dollars more on an unworkable solution, let’s, instead, meet our fiduciary obligations to future generations. At the same time, let us commit to moving forward on a new policy to address the Nation’s nuclear waste, one that relies on a consentbased system that doesn’t force waste on communities like mine, which is the recommendation of the Blue Ribbon Commission. 
this amendment and send a message that Congress will not continue to move backwards but will take serious action to address our Nation’s nuclear waste policy. 
Madam Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
understand the lady’s passion for this, but some of the rhetoric, quite frankly, isn’t accurate. 
When she calls it a failed policy, it is 
only a failed policy politically because this administration came into office on a promise of not doing Yucca Mountain because they needed electoral votes from the State of Nevada. That is the 
The fact is we have spent over $15 billion on this project, and the fact is it is the law of the land. Until you change that law of the land, it remains the law of the land. 
know. I am not a scientist. But what I do know is there has been 52—I think it is 52—National Academy of Sciences studies on all sorts of aspects. This is the most studied piece of earth on the Earth. In fact, I have suggested during a hearing with the Department that if we ultimately decide not to do Yucca Mountain, they shouldn’t close that down because they are going to need a space that big to put all the papers from the studies that we have done on Yucca Mountain. That is the reality. 
I think we all understand my colleague’s opposition to Yucca Mountain. I don’t blame her. I know she is from Nevada. But I can’t support this amendment. This amendment would eliminate $150 million in the bill for the Department of Energy to reorganize its adjudicatory response team and get the Yucca Mountain licensing process back up and running. Otherwise, more than $15 billion which has been spent on this program will truly be wasted. 
Members of this body, all Members of this body and the Senate will have the opportunity to decide whether to move forward, to construct and use the facility. But killing the process at this point, I think, would be very shortsighted. I therefore urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TITUS. Madam Chairman, I appreciate the comments made by my colleague, but he does not address the points I make about how this amendment looks at provisions of the bill that are contrary to the new proposal. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. There is no point 
in throwing good money after bad. American taxpayers deserve a wiser expenditure of their dollars. Nevadans deserve to be heard on this issue, and those areas that want to have a site in their State or their community deserve a chance to be considered. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). 
The amendment was rejected. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chairman, I 
is my pleasure to yield to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), the vice chairman of 
Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Madam Chairman, I would like to thank the Appropriations Committee and the chairman for acting to impose greater discipline 
power in the United States depends on having a credible nuclear safety regulator and depends on the industry continuing to perform at a high level of safety. We feel strongly that the agency must continue its core mission of protecting the public health and safety, but the NRC must do so in a manner that does not add to the economic headwinds that the industry faces. 
Thanks to the scientific breakthroughs and renewed interest in nuclear energy, our Nation has an incredible opportunity to develop new sources of power that can provide affordable and reliable energy. I hope that the NRC can work with industry to seize these opportunities, while fulfilling its mission to ensure public safety. 
to require the NRC’s rulemaking process to be commissiondriven in order to provide greater discipline, transparency, efficiency, and accountability. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $280,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That of such amount $28,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Madam Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
which would increase funding for the Advanced Research Project AgencyEnergy, also known as ARPAE. Mr. SCHIFF offered this same exact amendment last year, and it passed the House with bipartisan support. I hope the House will vote in support of it again. 
million for ARPAE, which is $45 million below the President’s request. This amendment would increase funding for ARPAE by $20 million, with the offset taken from the Department administration. 
and the ranking member of the subcommittee for providing at least level funding for ARPAE this year, which is a substantial improvement from last year, which cut the program by as much as 80 percent over previous years. 
providing flat funding, we should be stepping up our commitment to a potentially gamechanging research program, and that is exactly what this amendment does. 
an agency whose work is helping to reshape our economy. While the amendment would leave us still short of where the funding should be and where it is in the President’s budget, passing it would send a strong signal that there is bipartisan support for this kind of research. 
Started in 2009, ARPAE is a revolutionary program that advances high potential, highimpact energy technologies that are too early for private sector investment. ARPAE projects have the potential to radically improve U.S. economic security, national security, and environmental wellbeing as well. 
researchers with funding, technical assistance, and market readiness. ARPA E is modeled after the highly successful Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA, which has produced groundbreaking inventions for the Department of Defense and the Nation, perhaps most notably the Internet itself. A key element of both Agencies is that managers are limited to fixed terms, so new blood continuously revitalizes this research portfolio. 
budget to balance, we must not weaken those programs that are vital to our economic future and national security, and ARPAE is such an agency. Even if we can’t make the investment that the President has called for in his budget, let’s be sure that we don’t hinder an agency that is pointing the way to a more energysecure future. 
is an economic imperative; it is a health concern; and it is an environmental necessity. Investing wisely in this type of research going on at ARPAE is exactly the direction we should be going as a nation. 
We want to lead the energy revolution. We don’t want to see this advantage go to China or anywhere else in the world. If we are serious about staying at the forefront of the energy revolution, we must continue to fully invest in the kind of cuttingedge work that ARPAE performs. By providing the funding I am recommending today, we will send a clear signal of the seriousness of our intent to remain world 
I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
time reluctantly. I happen to be one who thinks the ARPAE does some good work. My biggest problem is that, as I said last night on either the first or second amendment that was offered to this bill, they took money out of departmental administration to fund something, and then another one to take money out of departmental administration. So far we have taken out about $50 million out of a $245 million budget for the departmental administration. 
who wants to pay for the administrative costs? Yet we are going to have to deal with that when we get into conference to make sure that they have adequate funding in the Department for the administrative work. 
So at some point in time, I have to 
say I can’t support continuing to take money out of the departmental administration in order to fund a variety of programs, even though some of them may be very worthwhile. 
to ARPAE and think they do some good work, the reality is, you have to balance this bill. 
We have got ARPAE down $266 million from what it was last year and substantially below what the President requested, but we had other priorities that we had to fund. And the other thing I had to consider is that the Science and Technology Committee— that is, the authorizing committee that does much of this work—has marked up a bill in their committee that substantially reduces the overall funding authorization for ARPAE. So that causes me some concern. 
their markup—I don’t know; we will see when that hits the floor—that is the reason that I am going to oppose this amendment. 
the gentleman is trying to do and the concern that many people have for the decrease in funding in ARPAE. 
to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $42,000,000 is appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2017: Provided further, That $25,000,000 of the fees collected 
expenses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $6,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $247,420,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as necessary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provisions of the AntiDeficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided , That such increases in 
cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided further, That moneys received by the Department for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $117,171,000 in fiscal year 2016 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further , 
That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2016 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $130,249,000: Provided further , That of the total amount 
made available under this heading, $31,297,000 is for Energy Policy and Systems Analysis. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
let me begin by thanking Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  
for the work that they have done, a very challenging and popular appropriations when it comes to energy and water and also the issues of the environment. 
reinforces our commitment to communities from rural America to urban America, from hamlets and villages to large urban centers. And it simply emphasizes a quality of life: for all Americans to have a good, clean environment; to reduce asthma in children; to help senior citizens; and to have a good quality of life in their sunset years, in their older homes, in older communities, of which I represent, is an important funding necessity for this Nation. 
has been done and remind my colleagues—for those of us who had the privilege of being here—that President Clinton issued an executive order directing Federal agencies to address the disproportionately high and adverse human health environmental impacts on minority and lowincome populations, which covered rural America, which oftentimes experienced the impact of the environment. 
We have worked over the years to improve their quality of life, and today I ask that we continue to do so. 
project in Houston, Texas, called the CAS site. That site was attempted to be cleaned up. It is in an older neighborhood, Madam Chair. Senior citizens own their homes. They have been there for a long time. 
There have been a lot of machinations about this entity that is espousing chemicals, leaking chemicals because it is old and closed down and abandoned. And we had to call upon the environmental justice sector in the Federal Government to provide the leverage to help these senior citizens, people who did not want to move from their homes. 
backyards of senior citizens and saw the seepage coming out of the ground and, as well, coming in from the property on the back side. 
thing, and it is through those efforts that we are working with the EPA to give hope to these citizens that they can stay in their homes. 
world. It is a jobcreator. But on occasions, in the midst of our wetlands and our areas of pristine, if you will, environmental assets, we have some ups and downs. 
Just recently, I flew over the Houston port at the time of a spillage that was impacting some of our most environmentally important areas, including wetlands and areas that are protected or are important to the environment and to the quality of life. 
amendment be accepted for the importance of providing for the continued support of environmental justice and equality for areas that are both urban and rural. 
Let me finish by making this statement, Madam Chair. 
as we look at the funds that are dealing with environmental justice, they increase youth involvement through science, technology, engineering, and math. They also help to promote clean energy, weatherization, cleanup, asset revitalization, and they help my constituents and the constituents of so many in this body whose older neighborhoods are sometimes impacted by older entities that are left behind in the neighborhood where seniors continue to live. I want to be able to walk those neighborhoods and make sure that my seniors can stay in their homes—small frame homes—and make sure that as they stay in their frame homes, that they will have the quality of life that all of us would like. 
and ranking member. This is a tough job to do. And I would like to emphasize the importance of the funding for environmental justice and helping to continue, if you will, to put focus and emphasis on quality of life for homeowners, seniors, and people living in rural America and urban America. 
shepherding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. 
departmental administration by $1,000,000 which should be used to enhance the Department’s Environmental Justice Program activities. 
Program is an essential tool in the effort to improve the lives of lowincome and minority communities as well as the environment at large. 
President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing Federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and lowincome populations. 
and healthy community which fosters personal and economic growth. 
that go to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, MinorityServing Institutions, Tribal Colleges, and other organizations is imperative to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environment. 
The funding of these programs is vital to ensuring that minority groups are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environment and the continued preservation of their 
environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. 
Funds that would be awarded to this important cause would increase youth involvement in STEM fields and also promote clean energy, weatherization, cleanup, and asset revitalization. These improvements would provide protection to our most vulnerable groups. 
technology for underserved communities. Together, the Department of Energy and Department of Agriculture have distributed over 5,000 computers to lowincome populations. 
vital component of the Environmental Justice Program. It ensures that those in leadership positions understand what is happening in their communities and can therefore make informed decisions in regards to their communities. 
In addition to promoting environmental sustainability, CLI also brings important factors including public health and economic development into the discussion for community leaders. 
better serve Native Americans and Alaska Natives, which is a prime example of how various other minority groups can be assisted as well. 
teachers and students have also benefited by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. 
and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy programs. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. 
also funded 175 energy projects amounting to over $41.8 million in order to help tribes invest in renewable sources of energy. 
we can provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. 
In fiscal year 2013, the environmental justice program was not funded. 
For fiscal year 2016, we ask that money be 
communities and ensure equality for those who are most vulnerable in our country. 
I ask my colleagues to join me and support 
the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environmental Justice Program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, 
For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $8,713,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That 
$92,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2017, for program direction. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YODER ) having assumed the chair, Mrs. 
of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 231, I call up the conference report on the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 231, the conference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of April 29, 2015, at page H2516.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. TOMPRICE) 
and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VANHOLLEN ) each will control 30 minutes. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking everyone involved in getting us to this moment, where we have an agreement between the House and the Senate Budget conferees on a joint balanced budget proposal before the Congress. 
the conference committee and their staffs should be commended for their 
hard work. And I want to commend specifically the staff directors on both sides of the aisle. Rick May on the Republican side and Tom Kahn on the Democratic side worked yeoman’s service in making certain that their respective Members were prepared for the activity that we have gone through over the past 4 months. 
first balanced budget of this kind in over a decade. That is important not only from an historical perspective but also for what it says about this Congress’ commitment to doing the work that the American people sent us here to do, to get it done, to move forward with positive solutions for a healthier economy and a stronger, more secure nation. 
Speaker, is a budget that balances within 10 years without raising taxes and reduces spending over $5 trillion over that period of time, which will not only get Washington’s fiscal house in order, but pave the way for stronger economic growth, more jobs, and more opportunity. 
ensures a strong national defense, and saves, strengthens, and protects important programs like Medicare and Social Security. 
the other side of the aisle, we will hear from them, and they may have a difference of opinion. If past is prologue, we are bound to hear from them a few items that they will talk about. They will say that our budget will, in their words, ‘‘hurt the middle class.’’ That statement bears no resemblance to reality, Mr. Speaker. 
class right now are the policies of our Democrat friends and President Obama that they have put in place, policies that have led to the worst economic recovery in the modern era, stagnant wages and underwhelming growth in our economy. We just heard today, Mr. Speaker, that the economy grew in the first quarter by 0.2 percent. There is a reason for that. 
What we need to do is to get the 
economy rolling. The best thing we can do for the middle class—for hardworking American families—is to get our economy turned around so more jobs are being created and more dreams are being realized. 
does just that through responsible reforms that make government more efficient, more effective, and more accountable by lifting the oppressive regulatory regime here in Washington off the backs of job creators and entrepreneurs and by fundamentally reforming our Tax Code so it is simpler, fairer, and American companies can better compete more effectively in the global economy. 
Congressional Budget Office tells us that we will rein in deficits and lower 
government spending which will have a positive, longterm impact on the economy as well as the budget, benefits like increases in the pool of national savings and investment which would allow for more growth, job creation, and more economic security. 
aisle are fond of attacking our efforts to save, strengthen, and protect programs like Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Why some folks here in Washington would be willing to let these programs go bankrupt is beyond me. Medicare and Social Security are going broke. That is not according to me. That is according to the trustees of the programs. 
or the doctors who would like to be able to serve them. The status quo is unsustainable, and doing nothing is indefensible. We can save these programs and improve them. We have to do so for the sake of their beneficiaries and for future generations, and our budget does just that. 
Further, Mr. Speaker, as I have mentioned before, our budget prioritizes the safety and security of the American people, channeling important resources to our men and women in uniform. We do so in a responsible way, in a manner consistent with current law, and without allowing further across theboard cuts in defense spending. 
do that, and I respect that there are differences of opinion on this, but, Mr. Speaker, I would hope that we can all agree that, when we are faced with hugely complex national security threats and growing unrest around the world, what we need to do is to find a way to move forward to ensure that those protecting our lives and our freedom have the support and the training that they need. 
debate about the vision we have put forward to get our Nation’s fiscal house in order, to strengthen our Nation’s defenses, to protect our most vulnerable citizens, and to ensure a healthier economy for all Americans because that is exactly what this budget agreement does. 
support the agreement, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield myself such time as I may consume, and I rise in strong opposition to this budget conference report. 
issue, which is that the staff of the Budget Committee on both sides, Republican and Democrat, have worked very hard; but, Mr. Speaker, I have to say that the product that is brought before us today is the wrong direction for America. 
was wrong for America, and we went to conference with a Senate budget that was wrong for America. It is not surprising, but it is still disappointing, 
that we come to the floor today with a 
Why do I say that? We are all entitled to our opinions, but we don’t get to make up our own facts. The reality is, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, the folks who are referees in this House, in this Congress, where people have competing opinions, they have said that this Republican budget will slow down the economy over the next couple of years. 
It is right here on page 3 of their report. Real GNP, real economic growth per person, would be lowered by as much as 0.6 percent under the specified paths than under the baseline 2016 to 2018 CBO budget estimates. 
means is that, compared to what would happen in the economy without the Republican budget—if we didn’t have this—this will make things worse. This will slow down economic growth. This means less economic growth per person in the United States of America. That is not me saying it, that is the nonpartisan budget experts saying it. So it is going to slow down economic growth, although we have good news, some good news in the economy, right. I mean, we have seen month after month now of positive economic growth. We would like to see the economy grow faster, and we would like to see it grow stronger, but we have seen over 61 consecutive months of positive economic growth. Why in the world would we want a budget that over the next couple of years slows down that economic growth, according to the Congressional Budget Office? 
one of the chronic problems we have seen in our economy, Mr. Speaker, over the last many years—not just 2 or 3 or 4, but over decades—is this phenomenon where Americans are working harder than ever and they are more productive than ever, but their paychecks are flat. Their takehome pay is flat. 
on the one hand; people are working harder than ever, but it is not translating into higher wages and benefits. 
had a chart with rising worker productivity—guess what else was rising with it? It was worker wages. But, over the last 30 years, we have seen people working harder than ever, and productivity has gone up, but wages for most Americans have been pretty flat in real terms. 
productivity has flowed dramatically and overwhelmingly to folks at the very top end of the economic ladder, and God bless them. But why would we want to bring a budget to the floor of the House that squeezes even tighter and harder the people who are working hard every day and not seeing their paychecks go up? 
harder for most Americans? First of all, Mr. Speaker, it increases taxes on working families. They get rid of the 
bump up in the Child Tax Credit. They get rid of the strengthening of the Earned Income Tax Credit. 
deduction that helps families afford college in this era of high tuition rates; they get rid of that. They eliminate the Affordable Care Act tax credits, meaning millions of Americans will no longer be able to access affordable care. 
Students, they actually start charging students higher interest rates on their loans. Right now, a student in college doesn’t have to pay interest on their loan while they are in college. Our Republican colleagues apparently think that $1 trillion of student debt is not enough. They want to charge them more. It is a fact under this budget. 
Seniors, they want to reopen the prescription drug doughnut hole. It is not a secret. They have said they will do this. As a result, seniors with high prescription drug costs on Medicare will be paying lots more, and they will be paying higher copays for preventative health care under this Republican budget. 
Mr. Speaker, working families, students, and seniors are all squeezed even tighter. 
I will tell you who is not squeezed at 
all under this budget, the folks at the very top. This budget greenlights the RomneyRyan tax plan. What does that plan propose? Let’s cut the top tax rate for millionaires by onethird—by one third. Let’s take it down from 39 percent to the 28, 25 percent range. That is who gets a big break in their tax rates. 
folks at the very top, what else are they cutting? They are cutting our investment in our kids’ education. They are cutting our investment in science and research at places like NIH. They are cutting our investment in modernizing our infrastructure which has helped power our economy. 
the portion of the budget we use to make those investments by 40 percent below the lowest level as a share of the economy since we have been keeping records in the 1950s. That is a disinvestment in America, so they are cutting those investments. 
Mr. Speaker. They don’t cut one special interest tax break to help reduce the deficit, not one penny. Apparently, that corporate jet tax deduction? Oh, they really need it. Apparently, that special tax rate for hedge fund managers? They really need it because they don’t want to eliminate any of those in order to reduce the deficit. They do apparently want to increase taxes on working families and cut our investment in education. 
Speaker. After all that, it still doesn’t balance, not by a long shot. Here is the chart. I’m sorry we have to go through this math so many times, but I will tell you that the current chairman of the Senate Budget Committee, Senator 
talked about this budget accounting scam that is at the heart of the Republican budget and at the heart of the claim that they have a balanced budget because, you see, they claim that, at the end of the 10year window, they are $33 billion in balance, but they also say they are eliminating the Affordable Care Act. 
same level of revenue as the Affordable Care Act. If you get rid of the Affordable Care Act in those revenues, you are not close to balance. 
take into account, the tax provisions. You may recall, Mr. Speaker, that we had on this floor, just about 10 days ago, a Republican proposal to eliminate the estate tax for estates over $10 million. 
priority of our Republican colleagues, to get rid of the estate tax for estates over $10 million, about 5,500 people in this country per year. You can put 
more people on a big cruise ship. That added about $260 billion to the deficit over the next 10 years. 
in the Republican budget. If you did account for that in the other tax cut measures for special interests that are being brought to the floor, it is even further out of balance, so this is just Alice in Wonderland accounting. 
going back to the drawing board. We haven’t even talked about the whole sort of shell game being played with the OCO account, which is already having an impact on appropriations bills here in the House because our Republican colleagues are doing this year the exact opposite of what they said we should do just last year. Read the Republican’s own budget conference committee report. 
respect to veterans because the reality is that the first bill coming to the floor based on this budget conference report for veterans and military construction, the Veterans of Foreign Wars says it is bad for veterans. 
It has a lower amount for our veterans than in the President’s proposal. We believe we should be true to the values and priorities of this country, and we don’t think that means giving folks at the very top, millionaires, another cut in their tax rate while disinvesting in the rest of America. 
this Republican conference committee report because it really does take America down the wrong path, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), 
this entire process. And I want to thank my fellow conferees for their hard work, many hours over many days, to get us to where we are today and, of course, my fellow Budget Committee members, both Republican and Democrat, for the robust discussion, debate, spirit, as it was sometimes. The process worked. We did go late into the night a few times. But we came out of those late nights, those long hours, with the product here today. 
The product here today, unfortunately, is a more rare product than it should be. Mr. Speaker, for the first time since 2001, 14 years, we have a balanced joint budget resolution, bicameral. 
Chamber, in my fifth year, and you think about why that is the case, you, unfortunately, in my opinion, have to conclude it is because most of the time we are talking about the demagoguery, like some of which we just heard, half the story, so to speak, about what is really going on here. If we had full discussions about where this country really needs to go, where this Federal Government needs to go in terms of improving its debt and deficit picture, the whole budget picture, you would really see that the economy in this country could be better off with those honest, full discussions. 
This budget, for example, does balance in less than 10 years without raising taxes—without raising taxes. The gentleman very much knows that the Budget Committee doesn’t write tax prescriptions; it is the Ways and Means Committee. We say in our budget document that the Ways and Means Committee should get on with the business of tax reform. 
What the Congressional Budget Office that the gentleman mentioned says is that over the 10year window of this budget agreement, the economy will grow $400 billion. That is hardly a contraction. $400 billion, at least to some of us, is a lot of money, and that is great for economic growth. This budget agreement does that. 
Do you see what I mean, Mr. Speaker, by ‘‘the whole story’’? 
It also ensures a strong national defense, making sure that our troops have the money they need, but remain accountable to the money that is given. It gives us a chance to repeal in full, taxes and all, ObamaCare, and allows us a chance to start over with patientcentered health reform. It hasn’t been done. We haven’t had that chance in a long time. ObamaCare, Mr. Speaker, is an expensive proposition, and we are seeing more and more proof of that every day. 
without affecting those in or near retirement now. This is important. Some of us, for my friends on the conservative side, have looked at the press reports and found, hey, we have given up on Medicare. Absolutely not; nor for Social Security. These are the drivers of our debt, Mr. 
Speaker, and our budget language remains intact. The fact of the matter is this conference committee report is numerically driven, not policy driven. 
is what is driving our debt. These pieces of the pie. They are all attached together, whether it is Social Security, Medicare or Medicaid, or the interest we owe ourselves and others for the amount of money we are borrowing. 
the drivers of our debt, are still in place. I call upon the authorizing committees, whether it be Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Education and the Workforce, or any other committee, to start working on reforming this debt. 
gives us the opportunity, finally, after 14 years, to start down that road. This is not a conclusion; this is a beginning, and I ask my Democratic friends to join us down that road. 
authorizing committees to get to work trying to implement this budget so the American people can see just how bad it is. I would be curious as to whether they are actually going to do it in the next couple of months. 
fantasy football. Mr. Ranking Member, you were being very charitable when you used the word ‘‘scam.’’ This is a real lemon by any stretch—and you don’t have to use your imagination. 
2008. This will be a duplication. And the pain caused by that decade, that 8 years of the 21st century, the budgets from 2001–2008 when we cut taxes in 2001 and we cut taxes in 2003, and then 2007 and 2008 the world fell apart. Why? An enormous loss of jobs every month. Look at the numbers. You want to hold up charts, hold them up. 
balance the budget and does so on the backs of the poor and the middle class and senior citizens. It imposes its cuts on programs that assist low and modestincome Americans even though they constitute—those programs—less than onefourth of the Federal spending. 
tens of millions of people to become uninsured or underinsured. I know how you are careful to even talk about that. In other words, if we are going to repeal the Affordable Care Act, make sure you put in a sentence about what 
we need to do about those people who have preconditions. 
research, for infrastructure. Wait until the bridges fall down and more people fall into the water. Cuts to nutrition, cuts to health will only increase poverty. Your claims that this budget balances is a total farce—not a semifarce, a total farce. 
very strong, fair budget. It was a strong budget. It was dismissed. But I like it. I like it. Through the Chair to my ranking member, I like it when we are seen as irrelevant. We do our best work. 
So that is what you have got in front 
of you. This budget, while calling for a complete and total repeal of the Affordable Care Act, continues to assume the law’s $2 trillion revenue. That is not a farce. That is fantasy football. How could you do that? The bill stinks, but we will use the money in the bill. Explain that one. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentleman from New Jersey an additional 30 seconds. 
the taxes, this budget assumes that revenues remained unchanged from our current law. Someone needs to have a conversation with the chairman of Ways and Means, because he seems to be unaware. In fact, he stated explicitly that he doesn’t think we should be using the current law baseline. He said it; I didn’t. 
and I end on this point, Mr. Speaker— we passed $294.8 billion in unpaidfor tax breaks for Paris Hilton and Ivanka Trump and the rest of that crowd and their fortune enough to be left a nice inheritance. Much of that money has never been taxed in the first place. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair, not to other Members in the second person. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the first time around, folks across this land, if they turn on the television and they take a look, you have got one parent yelling at the other: Hide the dog and the cat and the kids, sweetheart, they are talking about the budget. 
The distortion and the misrepresentation that is coming from the other side, Mr. Speaker, it really is absolutely phenomenal. 
I am pleased to hear that the gentleman likes their budget, and I commend him for liking their budget; but let me just state for the RECORD , Mr. 
Speaker, that neither their budget nor the President’s budget ever, ever, ever gets to balance. If the American people can’t live on borrowed money, their 
10year period of time. It does so without raising taxes. That is why the American people are going to appreciate the work that is being done right here. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), an incredibly productive member of our committee, and a member of the conference committee. 
makes. Since I came to Congress in 2011, my House Republican colleagues and I worked every year to pass a responsible, timely budget that confronts our runaway spending in Washington; but meanwhile, the Senate Democrats refused to pass a budget during 4 of the last 5 years. That ends now. 
This year, our new American Congress worked to pass a balanced budget in both the House and the Senate and to then unify our budgets through regular order. I had the distinct privilege of serving on the budget conference committee, and I am pleased with the final product that we were able to deliver. This will mark the first balanced budget, joint budget resolution, since 2002, and we did it without raising taxes. 
would also erase the President’s disastrous healthcare law, allowing us to start over on reforms that put patients and their doctors in charge, not Washington bureaucrats. And we used the critical reconciliation tool to help ensure an ObamaCare repeal bill that reaches the President’s desk so that we can put him on record, forcing him to make a decision and defend that to the American people. 
growth of 1.2 million jobs over the next decade, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office. 
times before, budgets aren’t just a series of numbers; they are a statement of our values. I believe the priorities found in this budget are shared by my constituents and reflect the values that we can all be proud of. 
He is the nowchairman of the Senate Budget Committee. Here is what he said last year: 
One of the problems I have had with budgets that I have looked at is that they use a lot of gimmicks. Now, when there was an anticipation that ObamaCare would go away, and that all of that money would still be there, that’s not realistic. I’d like to see us get to a real accounting with the budget. 
Affordable Care Act is still here, the revenue is still here, and the Republican budget assumes that revenue for the purpose of achieving balance at the same time they are getting rid of the Affordable Care Act. That leaves people’s heads spinning and it means the budget is not in balance. 
I am now happy to yield 2 minutes to 
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ), a distinguished member of 
Mr. YARMUTH. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate Mr. V ANHOLLEN yielding. 
Even the conservative Financial Times said the Republicans had to resort to smoke and mirrors to make this budget balance. But I want to talk about one of the other tricks that is used. 
scoring, which basically allows you to project all sorts of, probably, at least, speculative growth based on policies that they would anticipate doing. 
that. This weekend is the Kentucky Derby. It would be as if somebody went out and said: I am going to buy a 2 yearold for $2 million. And then that 2yearold I am sure is going to win the Kentucky Derby, so I am going to use that $3 million purse that that horse is certainly going to win next year, and I am going to plug that into my budget so my budget comes out ahead. 
evidence to believe it will happen. That is one of the ways that this budget reaches socalled balance. 
There are other macroeconomic effects which we ought to consider, however. As we have mentioned several times, this budget would direct the repeal of the Affordable Care Act. 
firm just did an audit of Kentucky’s experience over the last 14 months, 15 months, with the Affordable Care Act. Here is what it said would happen in Kentucky over the next 6 years. 
$30 billion in increased economic activity, 44,000 new jobs, and a positive impact on the Kentucky State budget of $850 million—that is what would be eliminated from Kentucky. That is another effect of the Republican budget. Think about what it might do in other States—California, New York, Florida. For it to have that much impact in a State like Kentucky, the national effect would be very consequential. 
ways in which this budget affects our economy and our citizens, we have to take note of the fact that there are impacts beyond just the Federal budget, and this budget would be a disaster for the American economy and the American people. I urge its defeat. 
Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MOOLENAAR ), a productive and delightful member of our Budget Committee and a freshman member of our conference. Mr. MOOLENAAR. I thank the chairman for his kind words and for yielding. 
that, for the first time in many years, the House and Senate will adopt a unified resolution for a balanced budget. The 2016 Federal budget resolution will set the guardrails for Federal spending, and it is a step in the right direction for our country. 
Families in my home State of Michigan and across the country tighten their belts when there is a change in household income or expenses, and Washington needs to do the same. The 2016 budget resolution does not raise taxes on hardworking Americans. It keeps the promises that have been made to seniors while slowing the soaring national debt. Leaving less debt to our children is vital, and if we fail to act, debt payments will crowd out spending for the priorities of the American people, including national security and protecting the Great Lakes. 
and it gives States the opportunity to innovate on Medicaid policy, allowing them to design a safety net that works best for those in need. This will move Medicaid further away from Washington bureaucrats and closer to the people it was meant to serve. 
which has the potential to add 1 million new private sector jobs. The Tax Code is over 74,000 pages long and was last overhauled 29 years ago. It is time for a progrowth Tax Code that is simpler and fairer. 
fiscal problems in a responsible way, and it puts our Nation on a brighter path for our children and grandchildren. 
am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
my friend and colleague and the distinguished Democratic whip. 
Written by House and Senate Republicans alone, it reaffirms their commitment to a severe and unworkable policy agenda that would harm the economy and that stands little chance of being implemented. 
heavily on the House Republicans’ budget framework by eliminating the Medicare guarantee, turning Medicaid into a capped block grant, limiting Pell grants for college students, and cutting nutrition assistance while hiding $1 trillion in additional cuts behind a magic asterisk to be filled in at some time in the future. 
would be disastrous for our country, and I suspect even most Republicans wouldn’t vote to make them law, and I predict they will not vote to make them law. Still, many of its proposals must be taken very seriously. 
The Republican budget conference report includes reconciliation instructions to fasttrack yet another vote to repeal the Affordable Care Act, jeopardizing affordable coverage for millions of Americans with no alternative in sight. 
sequester for nondefense priorities this year—a disinvestment suggestion, an undermining of America’s economy and its quality of life—and further limits our ability to invest in priorities like education, research, and infrastructure by $496 billion below sequester levels over the ensuing decade. This is the same sequester policy that the Republican chairman of the Appropriations Committee called ‘‘unrealistic and ill conceived.’’ Let me repeat that. He is the Republican chairman of the Appropriations Committee, HALROGERS of 
Kentucky, and he said that the policies being pursued in this budget are ‘‘unrealistic and illconceived.’’ He is right. 
of this while exempting defense spending from the sequester caps. Defense spending needs to be raised. It ought to be raised honestly and not pretend that some slush fund will pay for, not contingencies, which it is intended to do, but for regular defense investments, which we need to do. 
This budget conference report is, essentially, a work of fiction, promulgated as a message to the Republican base. I urge my colleagues to defeat it. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. 
Mr. HOYER. Instead, let us work together in a bipartisan way to replace the unrealistic and illconceived—not my words but HALROGERS ’ words—and, 
I would add, completely unworkable sequester caps with an alternative that enables Congress to invest in America’s future growth and prosperity. 
That is what we owe them—honesty and responsibility. I hope this resolution is defeated. 
Speaker, I would just remind my friend that we look forward to enacting and bringing forward the policies that are incorporated within this budget. In fact, just last night, the Armed Services Committee passed out on a 60–2 vote policies that are consistent with the spending on the defense area in this budget. 
minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ), who is a wonderfully productive and energetic member of the Budget Committee. 
back and forth, I am reminded of the saying: ‘‘If you like sausage, don’t watch it being made.’’ The same is true, certainly, with the budget process, in fairness to my colleague from Maryland, and the same is true for the overall legislative process. It is a decidedly human and imperfect process. 
What we have here is a result of the 
House and Senate coming together on a budget, and it is something that we haven’t seen for a long, long while. We certainly didn’t see it while HARRY  
REIDwas running the Senate. As a consequence of the House and Senate coming together on a budget, we will see debate go to 11:30 or midnight tonight on appropriations bills, and they will do that week, after week, after week going forward. I, myself, will come down with an amendment on Energy 
and Water. I suspect other Members in this very Chamber will come down with 
similar amendments, saying, ‘‘I think we need to add something here,’’ or ‘‘we need to subtract something here.’’ 
is something that has been absent for years. That process is called regular order, but regular folks back home would call it, simply, common sense because it is what they do every day. Vital to any wellrun organization is that ability to go in and say, ‘‘This isn’t working so well over here. I think we need to take from here this low performer and add to this high performer.’’ It is done in churches; it is done in families; it is done in businesses; and it needs to be done in the Federal Government. 
we have is awfully, awfully important. For too long, our Federal Government has been running on automatic pilot. Entitlements run on automatic pilot, but, in essence, domestic discretionary has been running on automatic pilot as we run on CRs and omnibus bills. I mean, you would go bankrupt in no time if your mode of operation were to simply say, ‘‘I will take what I spent last year, and I am going to spend it again this year.’’ Yet that is the way the Federal Government has been running, and it is this budget that actually moves us away from that process. 
In fairness to my Democratic colleagues, this is important from the standpoint of democracy. When you have an omnibus bill or a CR, somebody is still deciding what goes into that stuff. It is oftentimes leadership and staff as opposed to rank and file Members going down to the floor and saying, ‘‘I think we need to subtract here or to add here.’’ So there are two different levels that, I think, are awfully important. 
Are there still deficiencies? Obviously so. I mean, I think that when you look at the budget cap issue and when you look at the issue of off budget those are both pathways to financial oblivion, and they have got to be addressed. The bigger framework that has been set in place is by moving to regular order and by the House and Senate coming together on a budget—thanks to your leadership, Mr. Chairman— which, I think, is vital. As a consequence, I will be supporting this measure. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MOULTON ), a terrific new member of the Budget Committee. 
today to express my opposition to the Republican budget because of the way that it treats our Nation’s veterans. 
Committee debates, the Republican proposal does not provide our past and present servicemembers with the resources they need upon their return. Protecting our veterans is not an option—it is our duty. We owe it to our veterans to provide them with quality health care, education, job training, and the longterm treatment they have earned through their service to our Nation. 
It is more than just a moral obligation. It is also a wise investment in America’s future. The Greatest Generation was not called ‘‘the Greatest Generation’’ in 1946. That term didn’t come about until the 1990s. It had as much to do with what our veterans of World War II did after the war, when they came home, as with what they did in it. To ensure success for today’s veterans, we need to do much better than the Republican proposal. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
firsthand that insufficient funding for VA programs creates an environment in which our veterans fall through the cracks. I do not support simply throwing money at the current bureaucracy, but insufficient funding for the VA and its programs will only exacerbate this problem. 
caring for our veterans should be a national priority. The budget before us today fails to prioritize our servicemen and women, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker, may I inquire as to how much time remains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has 13
Speaker, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DIAZBALART ), a very diligent and 
first need to commend and thank Chairman PRICE for all of his hard 
work in putting this budget resolution together. This is a rare occasion on this floor. It has been a long time since we have had a budget agreement, and it is not an easy thing to do. As one of the House budget conferees, I can tell you that a lot of work has to be done and that a lot of difficult choices have to be made. 
Mr. Chairman, you have done a spectacular job in getting this here to the floor. 
Mr. Speaker, that the budget resolution has to do is to, frankly, set the stage so that we can move forward on the appropriations process. We need a budget that puts Congress and our committees on a path to move forward, and this budget resolution does it. It balances the budget within 10 years, and it does so without raising taxes. 
many of us believe—that the first responsibility of the Federal Government is to protect the American people, and it is no secret that the world around us—I think greatly due to the failed foreign policy of this administration— is almost in flames. We see a growing instability, and we see a growing pressure to our allies, and we see the thugs and the enemies of freedom who believe they have a green light. 
We must provide for a strong national defense through the robust funding of our troops, of their training, of their equipment, of their readiness. This budget does so. It accomplishes these goals while staying under the budget control caps—in other words, adhering to the law of the land. 
It funds the military over the President’s request, without breaking the law and without raising taxes. Again, something that is easier said than done, but Chairman PRICE has been 
At a time when we see China’s rapidly growing defense capabilities, North Korea’s nuclear weapons program, Iran pursuing theirs, and growing threats from terrorist groups, let’s not forget what our number one priority has to be. 
commitment to our national security, to the men and women in uniform, to the safety of the American people. It does so, balancing the budget within 10 years. It does so without raising taxes. 
I know it is very easy to be critical; 
it is very easy to lecture why this is not perfect. It has been a long time coming. I am grateful for the leadership of Mr. PRICE, of his counterpart in 
Members of this distinguished body to approve this wellthoughtout, hardnegotiated budget that funds our priorities, doesn’t raise taxes, and even balances within 10 years. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who has 
been focused on trying to make sure we have an economy that works for all Americans. 
Mr. VANHOLLEN for yielding. More importantly, I want to thank him for his tireless work as our ranking member on the Committee on the Budget. It is truly a pleasure to serve with him. 
A budget is a moral document, a document that really reflects our values as a nation. Unfortunately, this budget just does the opposite. Mr. Speaker, once again, this Congress is poised to 
truly a work hard, get less budget that uses accounting gimmicks to balance the budget, once again on the backs of the most vulnerable. It calls for cuts to nondefense discretionary programs totaling $496 billion below the already dismally low sequestered level. 
our education, our infrastructure, veterans, and health programs that have already been eviscerated by slashand burn Republican austerity plans. 
fellow Americans are living in poverty. This agreement will push more people over the brink. With $300 billion in cuts to SNAP—that is our food assistance— $431 billion in cuts to Medicare, and a 
half trillion in cuts to Medicaid, struggling families will continue to fall further and further behind. 
We can’t forget how these cuts disproportionately affect our communities of color, who are more likely to be living in poverty. What is more, this is the latest in the misguided Republican fixation on repealing the Affordable Care Act, which the House has already voted to repeal over 50 times. 
has gone down by 16 million since it was enacted. Why in the world do you want to take health care away from 16 million people? That is mean. 
overseas contingency operation, OCO, account as a slush fund for overbudget Pentagon spending by including—I think it is—$38 billion over the President’s request. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. I yield the gentlewoman another 30 seconds. 
in committee to eliminate the OCO account increase of $36 billion that was included in the House Republican budget. Members on both sides of the aisle have criticized OCO as an affront to transparency and Congress’ constitutionally mandated oversight responsibilities. 
Mr. Speaker, last month, we introduced our Democratic, Congressional Progressive Caucus, and Congressional Black Caucus alternative budgets. Those budgets reflect real solutions to lift Americans out of poverty and to support the middle class. 
misguided and very cynical agreement that would put us on a path to a greater unequal America that provides less liberty and less justice for all. It doesn’t reflect who we are as a nation. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ), a senior, 
Mr. MCCLINTOCK. I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. 
Mr. Speaker, with this vote, our Nation is about to take its first step away from financial ruin and back to prosperity and solvency. Our Nation’s debt has literally doubled in 8 years, now exceeding the size of our entire economy. That debt requires us to make interest payments of $230 billion this year. That is nearly $2,000 from an average family’s taxes just to rent the money that we have already spent. 
triple within a decade, eclipsing our entire defense budget. Medicare and Social Security will collapse just a few years after that. Time is not our ally, and the future is not a pleasant place if we continue just a few more years down the road that we have been on. 
That is why this budget is so important. It changes the fiscal course of our Nation, slowly pointing us back toward solvency and prosperity. It restores congressional oversight of an abusive Federal bureaucracy. 
from the nightmare of ObamaCare. It rescues Medicare from collapse. It adopts the timetested progrowth policies that produced the Reagan economic recovery and the unprecedented prosperity of the 1980s. 
10 years, deficits will turn to surpluses, and we can begin paying down this ruinous debt at a pace that ensures that students now in college will retire into a prosperous, secure, and debtfree America. 
It is not perfect, and it is not complete. Ahead of us are many months of legislating to build the governmental streamlining and reforms that it calls for, but if we can set this course and if we can stay this course, one day in the very near future, a new generation of Americans can know just how wonderful it is to awaken and realize that it is morning again in America. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ), another 
one of our terrific new members of the Committee on the Budget. 
conference report before us today is deeply flawed. It forces hardworking families to work more and take home less and puts our country on the wrong path. 
forth by my Republican colleagues does not address the deep, arbitrary, and damaging budget caps we are facing right now. These caps, which are so bad that they were never meant to become law, are now a reality, a reality that we are gutting our military and harming working men and women and their families in multiple ways. 
The gimmicks in the conference report do nothing to address the long term structural problems that budget cuts have created at the Pentagon, and they do nothing on the nondefense side to help hardworking families buy a home, send their children to college, or enjoy a safe, secure retirement with adequate health care. 
Democrats have a better way, a better budget, one that creates greater opportunity for a secure future. We need a secure budget, and we shouldn’t stand for anything less. 
Speaker, I yield 1 minute to gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the 
Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. I want to take a moment and thank the chairman. He has done a tremendous job. Again, he has brought another budget to the floor that balances, but he has done something no one has done in 6 years. He has brought a bicameral budget. 
just take for granted, something that the House and Senate couldn’t do for quite sometime. Your leadership has been tremendous. 
make a lot of debates, and I look forward to hearing them. I am thankful this time you have more Democrats on the floor helping you than you did a couple weeks ago, and that is helpful. That is helpful for a debate. This is the place we should have it. 
Two weeks ago, I was on this floor to 
talk about a budget. I said that a budget is a vision for the future; it sets out your priorities, but it also shows your values. Well, for the first time in 6 years, the House and Senate have gotten together, worked out our differences, and drafted a bicameral budget. This budget shows America exactly where we stand. 
before us. Do we keep going down our current path? Or do we change course? Our current path adds to the debt; it is stuck in the past. In fact, the budget the Democrats offered would never balance. 
I say to my friend, the ranking member: we have a family close in age; we have children about the same age. My question to the other side is simply this: How will our kids invest in the future when they are busy paying for our past? 
says that we will balance the budget and then actually start paying down the debt. It says that it is a more dangerous world, so we will increase spending for defense. It says we will repeal ObamaCare, and it says no new taxes. It says that it is time to grow America’s economy, not Washington. 
Washington; it is not about government trying and failing to solve our problems while adding more and more debt that our children and grandchildren have to pay. America’s future, our 21st century, will be built by American people. That is what this budget would do. It is the foundation for a strong American future and a future even brighter than our past. 
steps to that future. I look forward to not leaving our children our debt, but leaving them a brighter future where 
Republican leader, who mentioned the children of America, that if the children of America learn Republican math, we are going to be in real trouble because they won’t be able to count. 
Senate Committee on the Budget has said, this kind of budget approach that claims balance because they take the level of revenue from the Affordable Care Act, when at the same time say they are repealing the Affordable Care Act, I think most kids can figure out that that is a shell game, and we are going to be in real trouble if that is the basis of teaching math in our schools, not to mention the fact that we have got a budget here that is squeezing people who are really working hard while providing a green light to tax cuts for people at the very top. That is also not a set of priorities I think that we want to pass on to our children. 
everybody, an economy where everyone who works hard can get ahead. I don’t see how we are going to get our kids ahead by providing tax cuts to folks at the top while cutting our kids’ education and making them pay more for their college loans. That is a recipe for decline. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distinguished 
thank the gentleman from Georgia for yielding and also for his leadership in bringing this budget to the floor. I really want to thank the entire Committee on the Budget and the conferees for doing the hard work and the responsible work of finally focusing on bringing responsibility and fiscal discipline back to Washington. 
If you look at what has been happening all across the country, people are struggling. These are tough times. It is a tough economy. People’s wages are stagnant. They are paying more for food. They are paying more for electricity. They are surely paying more for health care. 
saying: Why doesn’t Washington start focusing on these problems? Why doesn’t Washington do what families are doing? Hardworking taxpayers live within their means. Why can’t Washington do the same? 
creating a healthy economy, actually getting jobs, and getting people back to work in this country, forcing Washington to finally balance the Federal budget. 
Mr. Speaker, when we pass this budget, it will represent the first time since 2001 that Congress has come together 
to pass a budget that balances in the 10year window. That shouldn’t be something that happens every 14 years; that should be something we do every year. 
when they were in the majority. In fact, none of the budgets they brought to the floor ever get to balance—not 10 years, not 20 years, not 50 years. They rack up more debt. They increase taxes. There are over $2 trillion of new taxes in the President’s budget that he proposed, and he never gets to balance. 
tax reform to make our country competitive again, lower rates so that families can keep more of their money and invest in themselves and not grow the size of government, but it actually focuses on getting more jobs in this country and stop shipping jobs out of the country. 
law that is causing so many problems, millions of people losing the good healthcare plans they have and paying more for it. 
We have got to finally bring this discipline back and finally force Washington to do what families have been doing and be responsible. 
It is a good budget. I am glad that we 
are going to be bringing it to the floor and passing it. Let’s get to doing the other work we need to do to get our economy back on track, and it starts here. 
Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia has 5
This budget does not reflect the priorities of the American people. If you ask most Americans what kind of economy they want, they would say they want an economy that is growing rapidly, with more shared prosperity. 
with trickledown economics with the kind of theory that is embedded in the Republican budget. That theory is that if you provide tax rate cuts to people at the very top—to millionaires—somehow the benefits are going to trickle down and lift everybody up. We tried that in the 2000s under George Bush. It didn’t work. 
folks at the top who got tax cuts ended up with even more takehome income. Everybody else was either treading water or falling behind. Why we would want a budget based on a failed economic strategy is going to leave the American public scratching their heads. 
one where we provide more tax relief to hardworking Americans. We wanted to expand the provision for child and dependent tax credits so that people can make sure their kids are in a safe environment while they are at work and not have to break the family bank in order to do it. 
We want to invest in our kids’ education; we want to invest in scientific research, and we want to pay for it by closing some of those tax breaks that encourage American corporations to ship American jobs and money overseas and getting rid of the special tax rates that hedge fund managers have that hardworking Americans don’t. 
is rigged in favor of the special interests and the very powerful and changing in a way that provides additional help to people who are being squeezed and are in the middle or working their way into the middle. That is an economic plan that works for everybody in the country, not one that just works for people at the very top. 
number one economic priority of our Republican colleagues was to eliminate the estate tax on estates above $10 million, help 5,500 Americans run up the deficit by $270 billion, and then come back and say, Hey, the deficit just went up by $270 billion because we provided an estate tax cut to estates $10 million and up. Now, let’s cut our kids’ education. Let’s increase the amount we charge seniors for their prescription drugs. Let’s raise the cost of student loans. Let’s cut our investment in kids’ education. 
does. It is not that our colleagues don’t believe in this failed theory, but you would think, at some point, reality would intrude, and people would say we need an economy that works for every American, not just a few. 
budget. Let’s start again in a way that really reflects the greatness of America. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks on the conference report on S. Con. Res. 11. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
that we begin the process of this debate that is called ‘‘and now for the rest of the story.’’ 
our colleagues who have been observing this debate and want more information, I would urge you to go to the Web site and take a peek at the resolution, budget.house.gov. You can get all sorts 
of information about the positive solutions that we are putting forward. 
got a lot of folks who are out there supporting the resolution that we put forward. 
On behalf of more than 7 million senior citizen activists, the 60 Plus Association applauds the leadership of you and Senate Budget Committee Chairman ENZIin putting 
forth a responsible balanced budget plan. Not only will this legislation protect today’s seniors, but it will also protect our children and grandchildren. 
small business advocacy organization, thank you for your efforts . . . NFIB and small business owners strongly support your efforts. 
world’s largest business federation representing interests of more than 3 million businesses—those are jobs, Mr. Speaker—of all sizes, sectors, and regions strongly supports your resolution. 
. . . I am writing to applaud the House and Senate for working to pass a budget this year and to convey our strong support for the policies set forth therein. 
issues that have come forward because, as I say, now, it is time for the rest of the story. 
growth within our budget. In fact, that is not the case. In fact, the Congressional Budget Office stipulates that over $400 million in growth will occur in the first 10year period of time. We believe it will be much more than that because we believe in a dynamic market. 
economy to thrive, when you allow folks to have more jobs and more opportunity and more dreams realized, that in fact you get the economy rolling to a greater degree and actually more increase in growth will occur within the economy. 
the other side about all these tax increases that are in this budget. Mr. Speaker, let me tell you very clearly: there are no tax increases in this budget. We balance the budget within a 10 year period of time with no tax increases. What they describe is their extrapolation on what they think policy is going to be. 
this Chamber know, it is not the Budget Committee that brings forward tax resolutions. It is the Ways and Means Committee. We charge the Ways and Means Committee with coming forward with progrowth tax policy to get this economy rolling again and to actually get rates down—yes, for large and small businesses, so that we can create 
more jobs, but, yes, Mr. Speaker, for the American people as well. 
That is what we think ought to occur again so that more dreams can be realized and more Americans can have the kind of opportunity that they so desire. 
student loans. Mr. Speaker, this budget resolution does not decrease student loans, does not decrease the Pell grants. It is important that the American people know that. If you don’t believe it, just go to the Web site. Read the resolution at budget.house.gov. 
again about the talk on health care. In fact, one individual on the other side of the aisle said we were ‘‘taking away health care from 16 million.’’ 
just simply is not so. What we believe is that we ought to have a healthcare system that actually works for patients and families and doctors and allows them to make medical decisions and healthcare decisions, not Washington, D.C., not the Federal Government. That is not what the American people want. 
that the President forced down the throats of the American people and our friends on the other side of the aisle forced down the throats of those of us in this Congress a few short years ago. We are mired in a system that actually is providing less quality of care and less affordability and less access to care. 
happen. What we do is charge the committees with coming forward with that patientcentered solution, a solution that will again put patients and families and doctors in charge. 
the law of the land, Mr. Speaker, because the budget resolution can’t change the sequester. 
other side of the aisle and I invite them to work together as we move forward over the next number of months to get together and solve the challenge of sequester in a responsible way by decreasing spending on the mandatory side so that we can find the resources that are so vitally necessary on the discretionary side. I welcome the opportunity to work with my colleagues. 
gets our Nation’s fiscal house in order. It is a budget that would get folks back to work. It is a budget that would save and strengthen and secure Medicare and Medicaid, put us on a path to saving Social Security. It is a budget that protects our national defense. It is a budget that deserves support in this Chamber. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I’d like to take this opportunity 
to thank the staff of the House Budget Committee and the Office of the Sixth District of Georgia. We are on the cusp of agreeing to 
this budget resolution, due in large part, to the 
hard work and dedication of my staff. For the past four months, they have worked many long hours and out of the spotlight to help build a budget that balances within 10 years. It has been an honor to work with each of these staff members as they have helped craft a budget this Congress can be proud of, and the staff should be proud of what they have helped accomplish. 
Street, Andy Morton, Ben Garndenhour, Brad Watson, Dick Magee, Eric Davis, Emily Goff, Ersin Aydin, Jane Lee, Jenna Spealman, Jim Bates, Jim Herz, Jon Romito, Jose Guillen, Justin Bogie, Kara McKee, Kelle Long, Kyle Cormney, Mary Popadiuk, Pat Knudsen, Paul Restuccia, Rich Kisielowski, Rick May, Ryan Murphy, Tim Flynn, William Allison. 
Puchalla, Cheyenne Foster, Daniel Grey, Devin Krecl, Gary Beck, Jennifer Poole, Kris Skrzycki, Kyle McGowan, Kyle Zebley, Megan Wells, Meghan Dugan, Meghan Graf, Ryan Brooks, Tina McIntosh, Warren Negri. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
the previous question is ordered on the conference report. 
Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YODER ) at 5 o’clock and 
RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, the unfinished business is the question on adoption of the conference report on the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 226, nays 197, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boehner Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Zinke 
STEWART, FINCHER, and REICHERT changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated for: Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
183 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2029. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. DOLD(Acting Chair) in the chair. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. VAN 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 191, noes 229, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 10, as follows: 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva 
Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko 
Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin Sessions 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield 
Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 192, noes 229, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke 
Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise 
Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 231, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 9, as follows: 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Burgess Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gohmert Gosar Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin 
Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres 
Visclosky Walker Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yarmuth Yoho 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot 
Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin 
Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Takai Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 167, noes 254, not voting 10, as follows: 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa 
Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance 
Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 210, noes 213, not voting 8, as follows: 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter 
Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rohrabacher Rooney (FL) RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar 
Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Keating 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Levin Lipinski Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus 
Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 237, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree 
Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) 
Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . JODY B . HICE OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 190, noes 232, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis 
DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Upton Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman 
Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney 
Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rogers (AL) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers 
Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Zeldin 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KING OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 186, noes 235, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cramer Crawford Culberson Dent DeSantis DesJarlais 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham 
Duckworth Duffy Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur 
Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone 
Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tiberi 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IN) 
Construction and Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
that the Committee do now rise and report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments, with the recommendation that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. D OLD, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, directed him to report the bill back to the House with sundry amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole, with the recommendation 
that the amendments be agreed to and that the bill, as amended, do pass. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. MOTION TO RECOMMIT  
Mrs. KIRKPATRICK. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
bill H.R. 2029 to the Committee on Appropriations with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
27, line 9, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. 
on page 30, line 15, after the first dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
VA’s patient access crisis, the VA does not have the resources it needs to care for our Nation’s veterans. Last year, I worked tirelessly with my colleagues to pass the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act, which established the VA Choice Program, allowing our veterans to seek care outside the VA when they live too far from a VA medical facility or cannot receive timely care. 
patient access have been made, I know from listening to the veterans in my district and from veterans service organizations that veterans are still struggling to access care. This bill, in its current form, underfunds the VA by over a billion dollars—a billion dollars. The Arizona Department of Veterans’ Services and the Arizona VFW and veterans groups all over Arizona and this country are opposed to these cuts. 
This motion to recommit will provide an additional $15 million for vital medical services, longterm care, mental health treatment, assistance to homeless veterans, substance abuse treatment, and caregiver support. $15 million toward these essential services for our veterans is tiny in comparison to the drastic cuts to the VA’s budget in this bill. This $15 million is paid for by a reduction in administrative expenses, so this money will go directly to providing care for veterans. 
colleagues that the VA Choice Program will end next year. Whether or not veterans are given a choice where they may receive their care, the VA will still need adequate funding and resources to care for our veterans. 
I would also like to remind my colleagues that just 2 months ago we learned from another whistleblower that the Phoenix VA’s mental health 
underresourced. Due to significant understaffing and mismanagement, veterans contemplating suicide and veterans seeking treatment for substance abuse will be unable to receive the immediate care they need. This is horrible and unacceptable. 
While it is necessary that we continue to hold the VA accountable, address the VA’s management issues, and prevent waste, we will not solve the VA’s patient access problem without ensuring the VA has the resources it needs to provide timely and quality care. Veterans will continue to wait if the resources are not there. 
If we do not address the lack of VA 
resources now, we will continue to hear heartbreaking stories from veterans who are unable to receive timely treatment. If the VA Choice Program ends without reauthorization and funding, those veterans will return to the VA, and veterans new to the VA will also need treatment. We will then face another patient access crisis, and this time it will be our fault. 
Cuts to government spending should not be shouldered by the men and women we have chosen to place in harm’s way. We have a moral obligation to ensure these brave Americans who have fought and sacrificed for us receive the health care and the benefits they have earned. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the motion to recommit. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
of Congress, we have a serious responsibility to exercise proper oversight. This bill has long enjoyed broad bipartisan support and was brought up through an open process that allowed all voices to be heard and all opinions to be considered. 
Now, I was proud to work in a bipartisan manner with Ranking Member BISHOP on this bill. He is a good friend 
and a good man and a good partner. We considered, together, 715 Member requests while drafting this bill, of which 562 were from Democratic Members, and we did our best to accommodate the Members on both sides of the aisle. I believe we did. We were successful. We then considered 43 additional amendments, proposals yesterday and all last night. This motion to recommit could have been offered at anytime during this debate, but they chose to do it tonight. 
too, the bill that we are going to be considering passed last year with all but one vote. The bill that we are going to be considering spends 6 percent more than the one last year. 
motion to recommit. It reflects the administration’s continuing efforts to deflect their management failures at the VA on the Congress. And the gentlelady who just spoke said this bill cuts 
doesn’t want us to talk about the $930 million cost overrun at the Denver VA medical construction project, and there are others. I know they don’t want us to discuss the pervasive neglect and mismanagement at the Philadelphia VA regional office, and of course, they don’t want us to discuss the atrocious failure to serve countless veterans in Phoenix. 
want us to talk about the cost overruns in Denver, Orlando, or wherever else they may occur—New Orleans. They don’t want us to talk about the problems in Philadelphia, where the inspector general, just 2 weeks ago, provided a laundry list of horrible failures. 
talk about or discuss the atrocious failure to serve countless veterans in Phoenix, many of whom, tragically, paid for the VA’s mistakes with their own lives. 
The Obama administration has controlled this government for 6 years. It is time that they take responsibility for the VA’s failures and allow us to move forward with this bill to increase the services and resources available to our veterans and servicemembers. 
would veto this bill because we provided a 6 percent increase for the VA over enacted levels, instead of a 9 percent increase, is the sort of incendiary threat that can only make sense here in Washington. 
Only here in Washington can a 6 percent increase be called a cut. Everywhere else in America, that is called an increase, 6 percent above last year. Congress should not be expected to behave like potted plants and simply accede to the President’s request that does not adhere to the budget caps that he signed into law himself. 
the bill provides $48.6 billion for VA medical services—$3.4 billion above last year’s level—plus we provide advance funding for fiscal year ’17 at $51.7 billion. 
Our bill is a good bill in its current 
form. It targets the needs of homeless veterans, caregivers who sacrifice their time and livelihood to care for their injured servicemembers, and those veterans waiting too long for decisions on their disability claims. 
every dollar the administration requested, but that good news story apparently doesn’t fit the gloom and doom narrative of this administration which, once again, doesn’t want to acknowledge the management failures at the VA, and they are saying a 6 percent increase is a cut. 
We know better. The American people know better. The veterans know better. It is time that we reject this 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 236, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Benishek Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
rise in opposition to this amendment. This bill that we are currently considering meets the budget resolution that was just adopted. We have been cutting discretionary spending for the last 4 years, $173 billion, as I understand it, over the last 4 years, not in decreases 
in spending. This goes way too far and makes sweeping changes with broad cuts to the reductions. This is an approach I can’t support. 
the impact this amendment would have on our critical infrastructure, as mentioned by the gentlewoman from Ohio, and the basic research needs that are prioritized in this bill. While the gentleman has attempted to exclude national security activities, I have got to tell you, in all honesty, national security is not the only thing the Federal Government does. We do do other things. We maintain our waterways and our ports and other activities. This amendment would still have the detrimental impact on the security of nuclear materials at the Idaho National Laboratory. These accounts are very complex, and reductions to each account must be carefully weighed, and that is what this subcommittee has been doing and holding hearings on for the last 4 months. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I just wanted to say to the author of the amendment that I said something to the chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means today. I think he took it rather lightly, but I said, Here we are discussing our appropriation bills on the floor, and I said, We are trying to balance the budget. I said, But you know what? Your committee is sitting back; there are no revenues on the table, and mandatory spending isn’t on the table, and you are trying to take it out of the hides of discretionary spending, which is such a small part of the entire Federal budget. You know what he did? He twirled around and kind of laughed me off and walked toward the back of the Chamber. I didn’t think that was a very responsible answer. 
down here tonight, offering his amendment. I would encourage you to talk to the head of the Committee on Ways and Means because to try to get us to shrink even more than we have done in many of our accounts—and, by the way, eleven other appropriation bills coming after us that have been asked to do the same—really isn’t fair to the American people. 
on deck. So I thank the gentleman for attempting to be responsible, but I really think you ought to look to some of the other committees that are sitting back while the burden is on our committee to make these decisions alone. That isn’t right. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chair, I acknowledge the fine point the gentlewoman made that we can’t cut discretionary 
spending to get ourselves out of debt. She makes two valid points: we need more revenue and we need to address the mandatory spending side. I agree wholeheartedly. We need tax reform to get us more revenue, to get the economy generated, to get people back to work, and we also need to look at saving Social Security and Medicare, shoring them up for future generations and controlling the cost curve. She makes a valid point. 
on Appropriations have actually made real cuts over the last few years. He also makes a valid point that we have actually cut discretionary spending in real dollars. I would say to you, Mr. Chairman, we can do more. I just believe that if you look at the path we are on, we are heading, if we don’t spend another dime, toward a horrific debt crisis in this country. We just can’t afford to sit back and not deal with that. 
I believe we do need to work on the 
mandatory side for sure because that is the real driver of our debt. But in the meantime, let’s go back to prestimulus time, let’s go back to 2008 spending levels because I don’t remember the Federal Government starving for money. I don’t remember the Federal Government just barely being able to function because it didn’t have enough revenue back in 2008. I think it is prudent for us to do that. It is about jobs, it is about the economy, it is about our future generation, our children and grandchildren who are going to have to actually pay the bills that we are running up right now. Mr. Chairman, I would ask my colleagues to please support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet performance that required all new lightduty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be alternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel, by December 31 of this year. 
My amendment echoes the President’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new lightduty vehicles unless that purchase is made in accord with the President’s memorandum. 
I have submitted identical amendments to 15 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
longer pay $147 per barrel, but despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. Spikes in oil prices have profound repercussions for our economy. The primary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. We can change that with alternative technologies that exist today. The Federal Government operates the largest fleet of lightduty vehicles in America, over 635,000 vehicles. More than 50,000 of those vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill and being used by the Department of Energy, the Department of the Interior, and the Army Corps of Engineers. 
When I was in Brazil a few years ago, 
I saw how they diversified their fuel by greatly expanding the use of ethanol. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or with ethanol. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem important. I want the same choice for American consumers. That is why I am also proposing a bill this Congress, as I have done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of or in addition to gasoline. They do it in Brazil. We can do it here, and it would cost less than $100 per car to do so. 
these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign governmentcontrolled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. I am delighted that both my Republican and Democratic colleagues have unanimously supported this bill for the past several years. I ask that my colleagues support the Engel amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program’’ is hereby reduced to $0. 
this Act may be used to provide a loan under section 136 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17013). 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
because too often here at the Federal level we find ourselves rewarding or occasionally funding corporations that would do what they do irregardless of what we did at the Federal level. It has been a point of contention with Democratic colleagues. Too often we continue to pay for programs that have outlived their original purpose. I think that too often we find ourselves looking the other way at programs that don’t work and/or have wasted tens upon tens of millions of dollars. 
I rise to offer this amendment, which would indeed defund the Department of Energy’s failed Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing program. Quite simply, it would just do two things: one, it would eliminate the $6 million in funding that would go to this program, and, two, it would prevent any further lending from this program’s unused lending capacity. 
things are awfully important is, one, this is, indeed, a case of paying corporations to do what they would already do. Again, this has been a point in the budget debate that we had earlier today from both Republican and Democratic colleagues alike, saying we shouldn’t be paying corporations to do things they would already do. Two, this is, indeed, a stimulus era program. However well intended in 2009, it has outlived its purpose, and we are not in the economic situation that we found ourselves in 2009. In fact, this program’s authority expired back in 2012, and I think it is a recognition by this Congress of the fact that maybe some of the program hasn’t been working so well as to why that has indeed occurred. 
losses; 40 percent of its loans have gone bad. According to a GAO report, they actually wrote up some of those losses. What I might do is just share for one moment with my colleagues, as part of a government reform look at this program, there was a letter to then Secretary Chu February 28, 2012, from one of the applicants. In it he quotes the chairman of a Fortune 10 company— not 100, but Fortune 10 company, and this is in the reference to the letter— told your former deputy, Jonathan Silver, that this program lacked integrity. That is, it did not have a consistent process and rules against which private enterprises could rationally evaluate their chances and intelligently allocate time and resources against that process. 
government than to not have integrity when dealing with its taxpaying citizens. For a variety of reasons, I offer this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment. 
the gentleman’s amendment. I want to share a story. I was out at one of our energy labs in California and walked into a research lab, a Cummins engine was up on the boards. I said, What is going on in here? The answer was, We are trying to understand the science of combustion. I said, You mean it is 2014, and we don’t understand that yet? They said, No, Congresswoman, we really don’t know what happens inside an internal combustion chamber. They were studying what happens when fuel ignites inside that chamber so they could make it more energy efficient. I was surprised to learn that every single automotive company in this country depends on the results of that research, and Cummins is in the lead. 
come from automotive America. When the industry fell to its knees in 2008 because we have never had a trade policy that opens closed markets like Japan and Korea and China, I thought to myself, I never thought I would live to see this day. After the wise decision of a majority of this Congress and the Obama administration, we lifted the automotive industry of this country out of the dregs. 
I have watched it recover with vehicles like the Cruze and with the Wrangler, which is leading the list. When I look at what Ford is doing in terms of its EcoBoost engine, I see an industry being reborn in our Nation. The economic growth that comes with it, the incredible muscle that it provides inside the spine of this economy—not tangential growth, but real wealth, real wealth being created, again, across this country in this very important industry—I wouldn’t do anything at this point in American history with the closed markets we are facing abroad not to support advanced technology in this country. 
other places are countries disguising themselves as companies, and they are able to subsidize their industry, close their markets, and prevent even our 
parts going into their original equipment. We can succeed most importantly by advancing automotive technology, advanced vehicle technology. 
component suppliers, as well as the original equipment, to benefit. I can tell you, though, the companies do research themselves; they don’t do the kind of basic research that is necessary to provide the incredible breakthroughs that can come through the Department of Energy. 
If I said to you 25 years ago, ‘‘Would 
you believe that 10 percent of gasoline blends are ethanol and renewable fuels,’’ you would probably say, ‘‘Congresswoman, you have been staying up too late too many nights of the week.’’ 
going to move to a 15 percent renewable blend. Who would have thought 
that would be possible? Who would have thought we could get 40milea gallon vehicles on the road? We are moving toward that now, flexible fuel. That is not by accident. This program supports just what it says, advanced technology vehicles manufacturing. 
Given concerns that have been expressed by my colleagues regarding appropriate oversight of these programs, I think the net effect of your amendment is going to be to eliminate oversight of this program, which I don’t think we want to do. I think we want to make it work for America’s sake. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. 
amendment. While I appreciate the gentleman’s position on the ATVM program, the elimination would hurt Federal oversight of the program of more than $8 billion in loans already given. The committee recommendations include the $6 million as a reasonable amount to provide oversight and direction to the existing loan portfolio and no more. 
actually eliminate the oversight of the loans that are out there that are going to be running for the next 30 years. 
amendment in order to ensure that there is proper oversight of taxpayer funding. 
very much, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
colleagues for their counterpoints, and I understand absolutely this notion of competitiveness. I agree with Thomas Friedman, the world is flat; and we are in a global competition for jobs, capital, and way of life. 
this program. I have here a GAO—Government Accountability Office—report 
this program outweighs the benefits to companies. That is a GAO report, not a private sector report, not a rightwing report. 
I think it is also interesting, in pulling this letter that was, again, written by a supplicant to the agency itself, said that the due diligence process in their attempt—and they ultimately quit—but their attempt to get a loan was more than 1,175 days. His point in this letter was that that was more than tenuous and, frankly, had much to do with their ultimately ceasing and desisting. 
have only made five loans. If we were depending on these five loans for innovation in new technology in the way that internal combustion engines work or the way that we burn fossil fuel, we are in real trouble, but five loans is what we are talking about. 
at some point, given the scarcity of resources that we do deal with in Washington, D.C., we have to at some level make a divide between big companies. Ford’s market cap is $63 billion. Alcoa’s is $16 billion. 
going to small innovators, as opposed to these large, multinational corporations that I think, in many cases, are the beneficiary of corporate largesse, but corporate largesse that I don’t think serves the taxpayer well or, according to these industry analysts, the industry as well? 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. SANFORD. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
amendment would waive the limit on total costs for Army Corps projects which are set forth in section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986. 
be funded by more than 20 percent of the project’s total authorized cost. This amendment would waive that limitation for any project that receives funds made available by title I of this act. 
Congress originally authorized many of the current Federal flood control projects. Unfortunately, the large backlog of projects, incremental funding by Congress, and unforeseen circumstances has resulted in costly delays for projects across this country, pushing many over the now outdated authorized limits. Many of these projects are so close to the finish line, and this language could help them cross it. 
to the continuation of valued flood control projects in my congressional district. The Dodson Industrial District project in Kansas City, Missouri, has completed its first three phases. However, without an increase in its authorized total cost, the project cannot move forward on the final phase. 
unconnected to the rest of the project and investments of $250 million at risk. If the project could be fully funded at the increased total amount, it could be completed in fiscal year 2017. 
limit can apply for a project cost modification. However, the application and review process routinely takes several years to get approval from the Army Corps headquarters. These valued projects, in which the Federal Government has already invested millions of dollars, are languishing for 2, 3, or more years during that review process. 
City, called Turkey Creek Basin, has over $200 million in investment protected by this project, including a major interstate highway. It was authorized in 1999 and is ready for the final phase, but did not receive Federal funding last year or in this year’s budget request because of a pending cost modification application, which began in 2013. 
there are three flood control projects that have pending cost modification applications that were started in 2013. I can only surmise that this trend has continued in just about every other congressional district in the country. 
projects. These are projects which will help generate the businesses in those areas to a point where they can begin to grow. 
and the ranking member for their attention to this matter. With some assurances that the committee will try to address this issue as the bill moves into conference process, I would consider withdrawing the amendment at any time. 
a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and therefore violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriation bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
If not, the Chair is prepared to rule. The Chair finds that this amendment 
explicitly supersedes existing law by waiving section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 with respect to certain projects covered by the bill. 
The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment that actually maintains current law. 
from tens of thousands of constituents about how the language in the 2007 Energy Independence and Security Act will take away consumer choice when deciding what lightbulb to use in your home. In fact, they are right. 
While the government has passed energy efficiency standards in other realms over the years, they have never jumped so far and lowered standards so drastically. It is to a point where technology is still years away from making lightbulbs that are compliant with the 
claim that the 2007 language does not ban the incandescent bulb. That is true. It bans the sales of the 100watt, the 60watt, and the 45watt bulbs. The replacement bulbs are far from economically efficient, even if they are energy efficient. A family living paycheck to paycheck can’t afford to replace every bulb in their house at even $5 a bulb. 
The economics of the lightbulb mandate are only part of the story. With the extreme expansion of Federal powers undertaken by President Obama and the Democrats in Congress during the first 2 years of the Obama administration, Americans have woken up to just how far the Constitution’s Commerce Clause has been manipulated from its original intent. The lightbulb mandate is a perfect example of this. 
by our Founding Fathers to be a limitation on Federal authority, not a catchall nod to allow for any topic to be regulated by Washington; indeed, it is clear that the Founding Fathers never intended this clause to be used to allow the Federal Government to regulate and pass mandates on consumer products that do not pose a risk to human health or safety. 
consumers and consumer choice. If new, energyefficient lightbulbs save money and are better for the environment, we should trust the American people to make that choice on their own and move to these bulbs. We should not be forcing these lightbulbs on the American public. 
The bottom line is the Federal Government has no business taking away the freedom of Americans to choose what bulb to put in their homes. I will add that, recently, the lightbulb manufacturers in this country have claimed that, because of the stopgap provision in the 2007 law, if we continue to prevent the Department of Energy from promulgating rules pursuant to these provisions, the manufacturers will be forced to stop manufacturing compliant incandescent bulbs. 
This is actually an argument to repeal the 2007 language in its entirety, not to allow it to be implemented. We should not allow a stopgap trigger in the law to extort us into passing bad policy and moving forward. 
This exact amendment has been accepted for the past 3 years by a voice vote and has been included in the annual appropriations legislation signed into law by the President each year since its first inclusion. It allows consumers to continue to have a choice and to have a say about what they will put in their homes. It is common sense. 
have had conversations with my good friend, Mr. JORDAN from Ohio, on this 
amendment. I understand that there have been discussions about changes to the language in order to balance both the philosophical belief that this is the 
wrong policy for our country and the pragmatic belief that we should do no harm to the livelihoods of our constituents. 
I continue to offer, as I did last July, 
else to see if compromise language can be achieved prior to the end of the fiscal year, but in the meantime, I offer this amendment to the body. 
Mr. BURGESS. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
of the gentleman’s amendment. I think it is absolutely the right thing to do. It is pure common sense. 
while they may be more energy efficient, they are much more expensive. I have yet to see one that costs less than $3 or $4. The incandescent bulbs—when you can find them—you can get four for $2.50 or something like that. 
let the consumer choose. Certainly, for lowerincome Americans that don’t have the ability to buy the more expensive bulbs, it makes a lot of economic sense. 
Mr. BURGESS. I thank the gentleman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
damaging rider by my good friend, Congressman BURGESS of Texas, because it 
would block the Department of Energy from implementing or enforcing commonsense energy efficiency standards for lightbulbs. This rider was a bad idea when it was first offered 4 years ago, and it is even more unsupportable now. 
this rider has been proven wrong. Dr. BURGESS told us that the energy efficiency standards would ban incandescent lightbulbs, but that simply is false. You can go to the store today and see shelves of modern, energyefficient incandescent lightbulbs that meet the standard. They are the same as the old bulbs, except that they last longer, use less electricity, and save consumers money. 
We have heard for years that the energy efficiency standards restrict consumer choice. But if you have shopped for lightbulbs lately, which I have, you know that isn’t true either. Modern incandescent bulbs, compact fluorescent lightbulbs, and LEDs of every shape, size, and color are now available. Consumers never had more choice. 
The efficiency standards spurred innovation that dramatically expanded options for consumers. Critics of the efficiency standards claimed that they would cost consumers money. In fact, the opposite is true. When the standards are in full effect, the average American family will save about $100 every year. That is $13 billion in savings nationwide every year. But this rider threatens those savings, and that is why consumer groups have consistently opposed this rider. 
Here is the reality. The 2007 consensus energy efficiency standards for lightbulbs were enacted with bipartisan support and continue to enjoy overwhelming industry support. U.S. manufacturers are already meeting the efficiency standards. 
The effect of the rider is to allow foreign manufacturers to sell old, inefficient lightbulbs in the United States that violate the efficiency standards. This is unfair to domestic producers who have invested millions of dollars in U.S. plants to make efficient bulbs that meet the standards. 
a rider that favors foreign manufacturers who ignore our laws and penalize U.S. manufacturers who are following our laws? 
poses an additional threat to U.S. manufacturing. The bipartisan 2007 energy bill required the Department of Energy to establish updated lightbulb efficiency standards by January 1, 2017. It also provided that if final updated standards are not issued by then, a more stringent standard of 45 lumens per watt automatically takes effect. Incandescent lightbulbs currently cannot meet this backstop standard. 
Energy from issuing the required efficiency standards and ensures that the backstop will kick in. Ironically, it is this rider that could effectively ban the incandescent lightbulb. 
existing lightbulb manufacturing jobs in Pennsylvania, Ohio, and Illinois, to name but three. It would stifle innovation and punish companies that have invested in domestic manufacturing. This rider aims to reverse years of technological progress, only to kill 
jobs, increase electricity bills for our constituents, and worsen pollution. 
over rigid ideology. It is time to listen to the manufacturing companies, consumer groups, and efficiency advocates who all agree this rider is harmful. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Burgess lightbulb rider. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Madam Chair, I 
would just observe, at the end of calendar year 2007, the commentator George Will observed the United States Congress had two jobs: deliver the mail and defend the border. It had done neither. But what it had done was ban the incandescent bulb, perhaps the greatest invention ever invented by an American inventor. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standards Ceiling Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ and identified by regulation identification number 1904AC87. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to offer an amendment to stop overbearing Department of Energy regulations from driving up the cost of ceiling fans and increasing energy consumption as a result. I offer this amendment, along with my colleagues Mrs. BLACKBURN of Tennessee and Mr. 
The Department of Energy is currently considering a proposed rule, entitled, ‘‘Standard Ceiling Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits,’’ which would impose increased efficiency requirements for ceiling fans sold in the United States. This regulation, if implemented, would have the effect of increasing the cost of ceiling fans, in some cases by nearly double, thereby reducing the purchase and use of ceiling fans by American consumers. The end result, ironically, would be heavier reliance on central airconditioning and, thus, increased energy consumption. 
Ceiling fans, by their nature, are already an extremely energyefficient method of cooling a home or a business, using between 20 and 100 watts during operation, compared with a central A/C unit which typically uses between 3,500 and 5,000 watts. That is an order of magnitude less energy, which can save a household up to 14 percent on cooling costs. 
standard is regulatory solution in search of a problem. 
Now, the ceiling fan industry has already demonstrated a strong commitment to energy efficiency, as evidenced by the dramatic increase in ENERGY STAR certified ceiling fans on the market over the past decade. The industry continues to develop energysaving innovations, such as a redesigned motor, which uses up to 70 percent less electricity than the traditional ceiling fan motor. This has all taken place absent the heavy hand of government regulation. 
the United States are trying to reduce energy usage and cost, we should not increase the price of ceiling fans by setting unrealistic and unnecessary efficiency requirements on an already efficient product. Ceiling fans can help reduce dependence on foreign energy sources and ease the strain on our national power grid during the time of year when it is most heavily taxed. 
state that ceiling fans are an inexpensive, easy way to reduce cooling costs, and the Federal Government should avoid taking actions that will stifle innovation and, ultimately, drive consumers to less efficient methods of cooling their home and business. 
support this commonsense amendment to stop this burdensome government regulation, and encourage reduced energy consumption through increased efficiency. 
Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Madam Chairman, I want to thank Mr. D ENTand Mr. 
The Department of Energy is so determined to redesign the ceiling fan that they have released a 101page rulemaking framework document which evaluates the potential energy savings of their new regulations. 
just like stretching their tentacles into lightbulbs and so many other areas of our home, what they are doing is pricing people out of the ceiling fan market. These new regulations would significantly impair the ability of ceiling fan manufacturers like Hunter Fans in Memphis, Tennessee, to produce reasonably priced, highly decorative fans. 
higher price tag on the lesspleasing designs, but could increase homeowners’ reliance on cooling systems that are less energy efficient. 
fans, that many of our constituents save as much as 14 percent on their energy use to cool their home, and they can save homeowners as much as 40 percent of their airconditioning bills by creating a breeze that makes the room feel a little bit cooler. New regulations will curb increased consumer trends in the marketplace, which currently include placing ceiling fans in laundry rooms, closets, and master bathrooms. 
the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). Mr. ROKITA. Madam Chair, I rise 
today in strong support of the amendment offered by my friend, the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
I would also like to thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for her continued work on this matter. 
tonight, I think it is kind of ridiculous that we are sitting here talking, standing here talking about ceiling fans. This is what it has come to. 
telling the American people that they know what belongs on their ceiling more than those people do. It is government run amuck. It is an example of the complete disregard bureaucrats have for the practical implications of the regulations they issue. 
stated, contends that a certain amount of energy would be saved by requiring greater efficiency from ceiling fans, completely disregarding the fact that if you price people out of this market, as the gentlewoman from Tennessee said, they are going to have to buy cooling systems that are even more expensive, buy fans that are even more expensive. 
have more important things to do than worrying about bureaucrats and what they decide people need on their ceilings. Let’s remember, this amendment was adopted in 2014 on the floor, and it was in the base text of the 2015 bill. 
the gentleman’s amendment, given it is a solution in search of a problem. 
Since their implementation, standards for ceiling fans and ceiling fan light kits have saved American consumers—are you ready?—$4.5 billion— billion—in energy costs, and cut greenhouse gas emissions by 22 metric tons. 
this system? Because three States— California, Maryland, and New York— created their own unique standards for ceiling fan test procedures and performance, and these varying requirements created difficulties for manufacturers marketing products across all 50 States. 
industry asked the Federal Government for a national standard that would reduce unnecessary complexity. Since that time, the DOE, Department of Energy, has not even proposed a new rule on ceiling fans, so it is premature to react to what might be in a new rule. Even if a new rule is proposed, implementation is years away. 
ceiling fan efficiency that are costeffective for manufacturers and the consumers. Any upgrades will enable consumers to save money by saving energy, also moving our country closer to its lowcarbon future. 
released, industry cannot anticipate how much their manufacturing costs might increase, whether their business model would be turned upside down, or whether the rule would result in energy growth. Industry has not substantiated any of their claims. 
The Department of Energy has conducted extensive consultation with industry stakeholders, including the companies themselves, and any potential indirect effects on airconditioning units. 
The amendment ensures that consumers will be stuck with less efficient fans and higher energy costs. I can’t see why we would want to do that. 
stated, I object to the amendment as proposed and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote by my colleagues. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT). 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
in this Act may be used in contravention of section 2101 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2238b) or section 210 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238). 
House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Madam Chairman, I rise in support of the DeFazio PoeNapolitano amendment. 
member of the committee for offering this critical amendment which implements the harbor maintenance allocation formulas that were carefully negotiated and included in the WRRDA 2014 and passed the House by a vote of 412– 4. I repeat, 412–4. 
WRRDA ’14 said that any funds appropriated for the harbor maintenance account above $898 million—of course this was the baseline amount appropriated in fiscal year ’12—should be—it doesn’t say ‘‘would be,’’ ‘‘could be’’—it should be allocated based on the following parameters: 
Great Lakes. At least 10 percent goes to expanded uses at donor ports, which would be New York/New Jersey, Miami, 
Seattle, Tacoma, Los Angeles, and Long Beach. Expanded uses are berth dredging, removal of contaminated sediment, environmental remediation, and/or subsidies to shippers to continue to use their ports. At least 5 percent goes to underserved harbors. Ten percent goes for emerging harbors. 
The 2016 Corps budget does not—I repeat, does not—include the WRRDA 2014 harbor maintenance trust allocations. It does not include them. 
the Corps to implement these funds allocations, as directed by Congress. 
especially important to provide fairness to my State of California and to other ports. 
percent—this is all ports—back of what their shippers paid into that harbor maintenance trust fund. 
Los Angeles and Long Beach alone paid $263 million in harbor maintenance taxes and received zero—I repeat, zero—back in harbor maintenance funds. This is terribly unfair, and it is, as far as we are concerned, illegal. 
brings back a little bit of that fairness to the donor harbors by providing them with a small portion of what they paid into the system. 
I do want to add that this amendment is supported by the American Association of Port Authorities and the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used for the Cape Wind Energy Project on the Outer Continental Shelf off Massachusetts, Nantucket Sound. 
House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Ohio and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment I am offering tonight is simple. It prohibits funding for the Cape Wind project off Nantucket Sound. This amendment was offered last year and was accepted unanimously, and I hope it will be again. 
that it is renewable energy. We all support renewable energy. This is a renewable energy that is not supporting American jobs. In fact, they have outsourced their turbines to Denmark 
been quite controversial, and I think that we don’t want another Solyndra. 
year by a voice vote. I would urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). 
The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I move 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Ms. FOXX) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
NEWHOUSE , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state 
of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
pursuant to House Resolution 231, I call up the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 43) disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 231, the joint resolution is considered read. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Utah (Mr. C HAFFETZ ) and 
the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ) each will control 30 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Madam Speaker, I 
ask unanimous consent to yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
evening have to be with the ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, ELIJAH CUMMINGS , who could not be here due to ongoing events in his Baltimore district, but his statement strongly opposing H.J. Res. 43 will be entered into the 
begin to relate our response to this unprecedented disapproval resolution. Republicans this evening continue their war on women, but this time, they have added men in the District of Columbia for good measure. 
This resolution is wildly undemocratic. It is a naked violation of the Nation’s founding principle of local control of local affairs, and it is profoundly offensive to D.C. residents. 
district, but every Member will get to vote on it except for me, the District’s elected Representative. 
Notwithstanding its latenight consideration, Democrats will make sure Americans understand this inflammatory resolution. For the first time ever, the House is voting to license employers to discriminate against employees for their private, constitutionally protected reproductive health decisions. 
For the first time in a quarter of a 
century, the House is voting to overturn the law of a local jurisdiction. The D.C. bill stops employers from job discrimination based on the reproductive health decision of employees, their spouses, or their dependents. 
permitted by this resolution: employers may fire a woman for having an abortion due to rape or a man for using condoms. Or to use actual examples in the United States today, Emily Herx of Indiana was fired for using in vitro fertilization to become pregnant. Jennifer Maudlin of Ohio was fired for having nonmarital sex and becoming pregnant. Christina Dias of Ohio was fired for using artificial insemination to become pregnant. Shaela Evenson of Montana was fired for using artificial insemination to become pregnant. Michelle McCusker of New York was fired for having nonmarital sex and becoming pregnant. 
may limit religious exercise if they are neutral, generally applicable, and rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest. The D.C. bill applies to all employers, does not target religion, and promotes workplace equality. 
Restoration Act, laws may substantially burden religious exercise if they further a compelling governmental interest in the least restrictive means. D.C. has a compelling interest in eliminating discrimination, and the D.C. bill is the least restrictive means to do so. 
The D.C. bill certainly protects religious liberty. The bill is subject to constitutional and statutory exceptions to discrimination laws. 
The narrow constitutional ministerial exception allows religious organizations to make employment decisions for ministers and ministerial employees for any reason whatsoever. 
Civil Rights Act, which I enforced as chair of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, permits religious organizations to make employment decisions based on religion. 
D.C. law permits religious and political organizations to make employment decisions based on religion and political views; thus, employers in D.C. may continue to make employment decisions based on their religious and other beliefs, and their employees must be willing to carry out the employer’s mission and directives with no exceptions. 
The D.C. bill does not require employers to provide health insurance; instead, it requires equal treatment of employees. Both the text and the legislative history of the D.C. bill make that clear. 
Nevertheless, when Members of Congress express concerns, the D.C. government, in order to eliminate any doubt, passed a new version of the bill that says, ‘‘This act shall not be construed to require an employer to provide insurance coverage related to reproductive health decisions.’’ 
under the Home Rule Act, a D.C. bill is not final until the end of the congressional review period. How absurd is that? 
This disapproval resolution is a deliberate abuse of congressional authority over the district. In 1973, Congress passed the Home Rule Act to give the district the authority to legislate on local matters with a few enumerated exceptions and ‘‘to relieve Congress of the burden of legislating upon essentially local District matters.’’ D.C. employment and reproductive health laws are not among those exceptions. 
my Republican colleagues to live up to their own recently passed fiscal year 2016 budget which calls for the Federal Government to let States and cities govern their own affairs. ‘‘America is a diverse nation. Our cities, States, and local communities are best equipped and naturally inclined to develop solutions that will serve their populations. But far too often, local leaders are limited by numerous Federal dictates,’’ so said the Republicans in their own budget this very year. 
I ask the majority to live up to its 
professed principles of local control and of local affairs, Federalism and limited government. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on the disapproval resolution to protect employees’ reproductive health decisions, to protect workplace equality, and to protect the District’s right to selfgovernment as taxpaying American citizens. 
EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT , O FFICE OF MANAGEMENT  
THE REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NON DISCRIMINA TION AMENDMENT ACT OF 2014  
Res. 43, which would overturn the District of Columbia’s Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (the Act). The Act added reproductive health decisions to the list of employment nondiscrimination protections included under the basis of sex, which had previously included pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions, and breastfeeding. By taking away this newlyadded protection, H.J. Res. 43 would undermine the reproductive freedom and private health care decisions of the citizens of the District of Columbia. This legislation would give employers cover to fire employees for the personal decisions they make about birth control and their reproductive health. These personal decisions should not jeopardize anyone’s job or terms of employment. 
the District’s Human Rights Law for religious entities and does not impose additional requirements on employers, contrary to their personal beliefs, to provide insurance coverage related to reproductive health decisions. 
H.J. Res 43 would also have the unacceptable effect of undermining the will of District of Columbia citizens. While the Home Rule Act of 1973 created a procedure for the Congress to overturn laws passed by the District of Columbia, the Congress has not exercised this authority in over two decades and should refrain from doing so in this circumstance, as well. The Administration urges the Congress to adopt the President’s FY 2016 Budget proposal allowing the District to enact local laws and spend local funds in the same way as other cities and States. 
Res. 43. his senior advisors would recommend that he veto this resolution. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
for two reasons: one, our constitutional duty assigned to us by the Constitution; and, two, to maintain the protections that same document ensures for all Americans. 
Congress oversee the District of Columbia. Article I, section 8, clause 17 makes clear Congresses exercises ‘‘exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever over the District’’ of Columbia. 
Home Rule Act, which gives the District some autonomy, but Home Rule also retains the constitutional duty imposed on Congress to be the ultimate signoff for all of the District’s legislation. That responsibility could not be more important than today. 
The D.C. Council recently passed legislation that affects the hiring practices of organizations that work to advance certain beliefs. As passed, the bill fails to acknowledge certain longstanding constitutional protections of the First Amendment for political and religious organizations. Because of this, we cannot let this legislation stand. 
Former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray requested the council postpone its vote on the bill because of its legal problems. In a December 2014 letter, Mayor Gray explained D.C.’s attorney general found that the bill ‘‘raised serious concerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993.’’ 
He went on to say, ‘‘Religious organizations, religiously affiliated organizations, religiously driven forprofit entities, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and Religious Freedom Restoration Act grounds for challenging the law’s application to them.’’ 
Mayor requested the council include an exemption to ‘‘protect the religious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act are designed to secure.’’ 
Gray’s December 2, 2014, letter to the D.C. Council into the RECORD . 
they took none of the Mayor’s advice. Once again, Mayor Gray wrote the council, again, in midDecember voicing his disapproval for the bill. 
council wishes to adopt this bill, it should clarify the D.C. Human Rights Act’s existing exemption for religious and political organizations to ensure that that exemption protects the religious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act are designed to secure.’’ 
Mayor Gray concluded that, ‘‘Without this language, I cannot support the legislation and believe that the council would expose the District government to costly legal challenges by moving forward.’’ 
and Mayor Bowser ignored the former Mayor’s requests, passed the bill, and sent it to Congress. If they had taken 
Mayor Gray’s advice, we would not be here today. 
to the Federal statute, and the D.C. Council knows it. The Religious Freedom Restoration Act passed in 1993 prevents the government from creating any law, rule, or regulation that prevents an individual from freely exercising their religion. 
Court recently held that certain corporations are not required to provide health insurance coverage for contraceptive methods that violate their religious beliefs. 
From the way it was drafted, it is unclear if the D.C. bill violates this mandate, making it unconstitutional. Both Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council know that this is a problem. 
admitted that the bill was ambiguous and requested the council pass temporary emergency legislation clarifying that the bill doesn’t require employers to provide insurance coverage for reproductive health decisions. 
temporary and does not address the constitutional concerns I share with Mayor Gray. Given this ambiguity and no permanent fix, the bill is unconstitutional and cannot stand, given the recent Supreme Court decision in Hobby Lobby. 
by our First Amendment should not be a partisan issue. Mayor Gray knew this and pointed this out to the council that it has gone too far. 
speak directly to the claims that this resolution is somehow an attack on women’s health care or their rights to use contraceptives. These attacks are offensive and are patently false. 
my adult life bringing health care to women, children, and families. This resolution would in no way threaten anyone’s access to care or freedom from discrimination based on the use of contraceptives; rather, it simply maintains the status quo in Washington, D.C., before this misguided law was passed. 
discrimination on the basis of pregnancy status and a number of other fronts through both D.C. and Federal law, as they should be. 
this would impact women using contraceptives, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission makes clear ‘‘an employer could not discharge a female employee from her job because she uses contraceptives.’’ Those protections would in no way be impacted if any resolution were to be signed into law. 
fundamentally dishonest. It purports to be a nondiscrimination act, but it directly targets the fundamental First 
Amendment freedoms of employers in our Nation’s Capital, the very city charged with protecting those same freedoms. 
We must act to protect religious freedom and to offer relief from this oppressive RHNDA law. 
use of eminent domain to acquire Lots 36, 41 and 802 in Square 3942 and Parcels 01430107 and 01430110 (W Street Site). DC Water currently operates a site south of N Place, S.E., north of the Anacostia River and between 1st and Canal Streets, S.E. (DC Water Site). The District plans to revitalize and develop a portion of the DC Water Site and leverage other District investments, such as the South Capitol Street Bridge project and the Nationals Park, and serve to accelerate and promote economic vitality in the Capitol Riverfront neighborhood 
have entered into a Memorandum of Understanding for DC Water to relocate a portion of the uses from the DC Water Site to a site in Prince Georges County. In order to ensure adequate response times to water and sewer emergencies, DC Water must also maintain a site west of the Anacostia River. 
a trash transfer station, and has been considered by many as blight to nearby communities. 
this measure until significant legal concerns expressed by the Office of Attorney General are resolved. My staff shared with the Committee on the Judiciary a detailed review of the bill by OAG that deemed the legislation legally insufficient. The District of Columbia Human Rights Act (Human Rights Act) protects many facets of an individual’s identity (such as race, nationality, religion, and sexual orientation) from discrimination. Bill 20– 790, the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014, would expand these restrictions by prohibiting employers (and others) from discriminating against an individual based on that individual’s reproductive health decisions. 
concerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (RFRA). Religious organizations, religiouslyaffiliated organizations, religiously driven forprofit entities, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them. Moreover, to the extent that some of the bill’s language protects only one sex’s reproductive health decisions, that language may run afoul of the Fifth Amendment’s equal protection guarantee. If the Council wishes to adopt this Bill or similar legislation, it should clarify the Human Rights Act’s existing exemption for religious and political organizations to ensure that the exemption protects the religious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and RFRA are designed to secure. 
While I applaud the goals of this legislation, as currently drafted, this legislation is legally problematic. I am committed to working with the Council on language necessary to make the changes needed. 
Final Reading. Bill 20–48 creates a freestanding title for civil forfeitures, which includes sections on seizures, notice, contesting seizure, interim release of seized property, filing a complaint, forfeiture proceedings, return of property, disposal of forfeited property, adoptive seizures, reporting requirements, remission or mitigation, and the rule of lenity. 
about the limitations this bill places on the Executive Branch and the Office of the Attorney General (OAG), I recognize that the forfeiture of civil assets—and procedures for their timely return to the owner—is a significant one in the community that is in need of reform. OAG and the U.S. Attorney’s Office worked with the Committee on Judiciary and Public Safety on this legislation and was successful in making significant improvements to the requirements included in the legislation. I appreciate the work that the Committee has undertaken to include affected parties, and believe that while this compromise is a good one, future Executives may have to amend the law if the District experiences challenges with the procedures the law puts in place. 
With the amendments circulated on Monday, December 1, I support passage of this measure. Bill 20–468 limits the use of restraints on a woman or youth who is known to be pregnant or in postpartum recovery, including in limited circumstances while in transport to a medical facility or while receiving treatment at a medical facility. 
national leader in its treatment of pregnant inmates, and I support codifying existing procedures to continue to be a model to other state penal institutions. However, I do not want to overly burden the administration of our detention facilities with procedures that are unsafe both to inmates and corrections officers. The amendment being offered today strikes that balance. 
I urge the Council to approve this legislation giving the Mayor authorization to utilize eminent domain to secure District ownership of property in Ward 5 that has long been a source of community complaint. This authorization is supported by the surrounding neighborhood community. Further, it does not mandate the use of eminent domain. Councilmember McDuffie and I agree that having this tool available to the incoming Administration will be helpful in finalizing the future of the site. 
I appreciate that the Committee on Judiciary and Public Safety has worked with the Office of the Attorney General to make the bill legally sufficient. However, it is my understanding that additional language which would correct significant legal concerns will not be offered today. While I support the intent of the bill, without the amendment, the Bill raises serious concerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act of 1993 (RFRA). Religious organizations, religiouslyaffiliated organizations, religiously driven forprofit entities, and political organizations may have strong First Amendment and RFRA grounds for challenging the law’s applicability to them. Moreover, to the extent that some of the Bill’s language protects only one sex’s reproductive health decisions, that language may run afoul of the Fifth Amendment’s equal protection guarantee. 
If the Council wishes to adopt this Bill or 
similar legislation, it should clarify the Human Rights Act’s existing exemption for religious and political organizations to ensure that the exemption protects the religious and political liberty interests that the First Amendment and RFRA are designed to secure. Without this language, I cannot support the legislation and believe that the Council would expose the District government to costly legal challenges by moving forward. 
‘‘H S TREET , N.E., R ETAIL PRIORITY AREA 
RESOLUTION OF 2015;’’ ‘‘H S TREET , N.E., R ETAIL PRIORITY AREA CLARIFICATION EMERGENCY AMENDMENT ACT OF 2015;’’ AND ‘‘H 
STREET , N.E., R ETAIL PRIORITY AREACLARIFICATION TEMPORARY AMENDMENT ACT OF  
I urge the Council to support this legislation. The ‘‘Fiscal Year 2015 Budget Support Act of 2014’’ and subsequent emergency legislation amended the Bladensburg Road, N.E., Retail Priority Area and included it into the H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area. The ‘‘H Street, N.E., Retail Priority Area Incentive Emergency Amendment Act of 2014’’ amended the criteria for eligible retail development projects eligible to receive grants, but ambiguity remains on the clarity and accuracy of the legislation amending the criteria for eligible retail development projects eligible to receive grants. This emergency legislation addresses those immediate concerns before the next grant cycle, which concludes at the end of February 2015. 
‘‘REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH NONDISCRIMINA TION CLARIFICATION TEMPORARY AMEND MENT ACT OF 2015’’ 
attention to legislation circulated by the Chairman on my behalf to address legal concerns in Bill 20790, the ‘‘Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014.’’ The attached emergency legislation, which was circulated on Friday, January 30, will repeal and replace language from the underlying bill to make clear that it does not impose any new insurance requirements on employers related to reproductive health decisions. This emergency legislation ensures that the District will remain in compliance with Federal and Constitutional law. I urge the Council to agendize the emergency at its next legislative meeting. 
MURIEL BOWSER . Chairman Phil Mendelson at the Request of 
A BILL IN THE COUNCIL OF THE DISTRICT OF  
Human Rights Act of 1977 to provide a clarification that the prohibition of discrimination on the basis of sex shall not be construed to require an employer to provide insurance coverage related to a reproductive health decision. 
Be it enacted by the Council of the District 
of Columbia, That this act may be cited as the ‘‘Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Clarification Emergency Amendment Act of 2015’’. 
act, discrimination on the basis of sex shall include, but not be limited to, discrimination on the basis of pregnancy, childbirth, related medical conditions, breastfeeding, or reproductive health decisions; provided that this act shall not be construed to require an employer to provide insurance coverage related to a reproductive health decision.’’. 
Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
point out that, far from not discriminating, I have named five women in five different States who have been discriminated against because of language precisely of the kind the District of Columbia bill needs to avoid. 
the former attorney general had some issues with the bill. They are no longer in office. Nevertheless, the current Mayor and the current city council have reviewed those issues. 
May I say that the Mayor never offered any examples of the kind of interference with religious or other rights. He was referring to the council, and the Mayor, nevertheless, reviewed his objections, and unanimously, the D.C. City Council and Mayor Bowser have, in fact, endorsed this bill. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), my good 
This is a new low in the war on 
women. Women have been fired for using in vitro fertilization and fired for being pregnant before they are married. This isn’t some hypothetical or a cautious story from the 1950s. This is happening in America in the 21st century. 
to protect workers from this type of discrimination because it understands what House Republicans must not, that employees should be judged by their performance, not their reproductive healthcare choices. 
women already have enough on their plate, from making 78 cents on the dollar compared to men, to acting as caregivers without paid family and medical leave. The majority doesn’t even have 
the courage to bring up this bill in the 
Congress should be focused on growing the economy and providing opportunity for all Americans, not making women fear that they might be fired if their employer does not approve of contraception or the manner in which they conceive children. 
4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ), the cosponsor of this bill, 
the chair of the Republican Study Committee, and someone who has worked very hard on this legislation. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, to formally disapprove of the recent measure passed by the District of Columbia that clearly violates religious liberty. 
I thank my colleague, the gentlewoman from Tennessee, for her work on this important issue. I urge all of my colleagues to join her in reaffirming Congress’ commitment to protecting our First Amendment rights. 
Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act does, in fact, discriminate against those who exercise their right to live according to their religious beliefs. The D.C. measure tells values based organizations that they may no longer live and work according to the very principles that they advocate. A Christian school would be required to pay for health insurance policies that include provisions that violate the beliefs that they teach their students. In addition, a prolife organization would be forced to hire individuals regardless of their commitment to prolife values. 
compels Americans to act in clear violation of their conscience. In doing so, they ignore the opinion of most Americans, Supreme Court precedent, and the First Amendment to our Constitution. 
agree that individuals should be free to run their businesses and their organizations according to their beliefs, without the government telling them what to do. In 2013, the Supreme Court upheld that opinion, ruling in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby that employers have the right to operate their businesses according to their religious beliefs and principles. 
Most importantly, however, the freedom of belief is enshrined in the First Amendment of the Bill of Rights of our Constitution. Freedom of belief is the cornerstone of America’s founding principles. It was the promise of religious freedom that spurred the first generation of immigrants to come here, and it is the practice of religious freedom that has brought people from all over the world, from all races and creeds, to our shores ever since. Religious freedom may be one of our 
oldest tenets and oldest principles, but it is one we must constantly strive and work to defend. This is not about one city or even one piece of legislation. Other cities or States may be considering similar measures, and doing nothing will only embolden those who would violate religious liberty. 
Speaker, where the House stands on this important issue. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to join the gentlewoman from Tennessee and me in supporting today’s resolution. 
the church would have to buy insurance to cover abortion, the church is completely—every church is completely—exempt from this law. Or, as he indicated, that a prochoice group would have to hire a candidate who believes in abortion, on the contrary, a prochoice group can ask a candidate if that candidate is willing to carry out the mission of the organization against abortion, and if that candidate has any compunction, that candidate can, indeed, be refused employment; and if such a person is on staff, that person can be fired. You cannot be on somebody’s staff and then take a position against the mission of that business or organization. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN B. 
York. Madam Speaker, this resolution is an insult to women everywhere. What business is it of an employer—or anyone else, for that matter—to know whether or not workers or their daughters are taking birth control? It is absolutely none of their business. 
majority party’s oft repeated claims that it wishes to scale back the overreach of the Federal Government, yet here they are reaching into personal lives. 
by the socalled party of states’ rights. They are not proposing a Federal law. They are trying to override the decisions of elected officials in the District of Columbia. 
right to override the democratic decisions of people in our Nation’s Capital? A city with more people than the State of Wyoming and larger than Vermont gets no voting Senators or Congressmember in this body. 
the most intimate of decisions of a woman’s life sends a loud and clear message from the majority that they think a woman’s employer does get a say in a woman’s reproductive healthcare choices, even though the Supreme Court, the Constitution, and women all across this country think 
This resolution would give an employer coercive power to intrude on a woman’s private decisions about birth control, in vitro fertilization, and abortion. They are activities that obviously happen off the job and decisions that have no bearing whatsoever on a person’s ability to do her job. 
The District of Columbia’s Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act does not diminish the right of religious freedom. This new D.C. law is modest in its scope. It simply protects an employee’s right to selfdetermination. It handles a perceived conflict between two differing claims to rights in a simple and straightforward way. 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote to this new low 
What business is it of an employer—or anyone else for that matter—to know whether or not workers or their daughters are taking birth control? It is none of your business. 
And it also makes a mockery of the majority 
party’s oft repeated claims that it wishes to scale back what it calls the overreach of the Federal government this offensive effort to intrude into the most intimate of decisions of a woman’s life—sends a loud and clear message from the Majority that they think a woman’s employer does get a say in a woman’s reproductive health care choices. 
Even though the Supreme Court, the Constitution and women all across the country think you don’t. 
This resolution would give an employer coercive power to intrude on a woman’s private decisions about birth control, in vitro fertilization, and abortion. 
the job and decisions that have no bearing whatsoever on a woman’s ability to do her job. 
Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act does not diminish the right of religious freedom. 
This new DC law is modest in its scope— 
differing claims to rights in a simple and straightforward way. 
belief his conscience dictates—but he does not have the right to discriminate against employees based on their private choice to use birth control, in vitro fertilization, or abortion. 
the DC Council and was even revised to make it clear that it would not force an employer to provide insurance coverage for contraceptive or abortion coverage. 
women and their families here in our nation’s capital, women across the U.S. should be very much alarmed: Because if this resolution stands—Can there be any doubt—they’re coming for you next. 
this resolution would threaten the jobs and economic security of hardworking DC residents, and to oppose this absurd, discriminatory resolution. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), who has been a big protector of life and has been a good colleague of mine since our election in 2010. 
rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, and I commend the gentlewoman from Tennessee and the gentleman from Texas for sponsoring this important piece of legislation. This resolution would prevent the District of Columbia from violating America’s basic First Amendment freedom of religion. 
We must protect prolife organizations in D.C. and allow them to operate according to their sincerely held beliefs. The D.C. City Council’s actions would have serious negative consequences for religious organizations operating in D.C., and religious or pro life groups could be forced to make personnel decisions that are inconsistent with their moral convictions. Additionally, these actions will force employers to defend against lawsuits of questionable merit brought with a political motivation. 
place where people’s freedoms are taken away; it should be a place where the right to live according to your beliefs is most fervently protected. We must respect and protect the religious freedoms established by the Constitution and the Federal law. We must reject the overreach by the D.C. City Council. 
gentlewoman’s desire to protect organizations or residents in D.C. No resident in D.C. has asked any Member of this body to protect them except the Member standing before you, and that Member can’t even protect them with a vote on this floor. 
the D.C. City Council. If there is any objection to this bill, D.C. residents will repair to the courts, who are the only authorities who can tell us what is constitutional and what is not constitutional. 
the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the minority leader. 
thank the gentlewoman for yielding, the distinguished Delegate from the District of Columbia. I thank her for her courageous, relentless, persistent, effective leadership and representation of the District of Columbia. 
to ask several questions. I think they have to be addressed to you. How many times have our Republican colleagues come to this floor to express their belief in reducing the role of government, of the Federal Government? How many times have they come to the floor to preach their deference to states’ rights and local government? And how many times have these House Republicans thrown all of that out the window when it comes to meddling, government meddling in the reproductive choices of America’s families? 
disapprove a duly passed D.C. law in order to enable businesses to fire their employees for the reproductive health decisions that they make. And not only that, not only the decision that the employee makes, but the decision that a spouse makes or a dependent, a child, makes. 
for using birth control or in vitro fertilization, which answers the prayers of so many families, or any other reproductive health service is an outrageous intrusion into workers’ personal lives. 
is about a business firing someone— man or woman—for private health decisions with no bearing on the workplace. In fact, if Republicans have their way, employers would not need to cite religion at all to discriminate against employees for their reproductive decisions. 
Republicans, Madam Speaker, because this isn’t what Republicans think throughout the country. House Republicans need to recognize that personal healthcare choices are not your boss’ business. A business has no right to threaten its employees for their reproductive choices or for the reproductive choices made by members of their families. 
Republicans have no business using this House of Representatives to enable such appalling discrimination. I urge my colleagues to stand against this radical assault on the rights of workers and families here in D.C. 
our House Republican colleagues come to the floor to speak of their belief in reducing the role of the Federal Government? Not so fast, families of the District of Columbia. This doesn’t mean you. 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), who is the chairman of the ProLife Caucus. He is a cosponsor of this bill, and he is a defender of life. 
Speaker, let me just say at the outset to my friend, the former Speaker for whom I have the highest regard, it is always appropriate to defend to the best extent possible the fragile lives of unborn children from the violence of abortion, and it is always appropriate to defend to the greatest degree possible conscience rights when they are under assault. That is why I, along with many of my colleagues, rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, to disapprove of D.C. legislation that infringes on the First Amendment freedoms of religious charities and prolife advocacy groups in the District of Columbia. 
I especially want to thank Congresswoman DIANE BLACK for her consistent 
and highly effective leadership over many years for fundamental conscience rights and for attempting to respect human life to the greatest extent possible. 
professors—and I will include their letters fully in the Record—who wrote the D.C. Council last November and who said: 
‘‘RHNDA’s attempt to prevent employers from making decisions based on their ’personal beliefs’ implies that the State has the power to judge what are and are not legitimate ’personal beliefs’ and to conclude that religiously motivated opposition to State policies is unacceptable. The Supreme Court has unanimously affirmed that employers, not the State, may determine which religious practices they use as the basis for their organization’s policies.’’ 
Archdiocese of Washington wrote every Member of Congress, and he said: 
‘‘RHNDA would force religious institutions, including the 20 Catholic schools in the District of Columbia that I oversee, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of the mission of their employer. It would subjugate the church’s moral teaching to the moral views of the government.’’ 
The National Right to Life Committee, which has its national headquarters right here in the District, said: 
‘‘It would be intolerable for an advocacy organization such as ours to be required to hire or prohibit from firing a person who makes a ’decision’ to engage in advocacy or any other activity that is directly antithetical to our core mission to lawfully advocate for the civil rights of the unborn.’’ 
RHNDA. We believe it would infringe on religious employers’ freedom to make employment decisions when necessary to preserve their religious mission and identity.’’ 
Garvey, a very, very distinguished president of Catholic U. and whom I literally had up in hearings to speak out against antiSemitism, said: 
‘‘This bill would require all employers, including religious schools such as ours, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of our mission. It would take away our right to carry 
policies and practices that are rooted in our faith. The D.C. bill carries no exemption or language of tolerance.’’ 
Mayor Vincent Gray in that it raises serious First Amendment concerns in the Constitution. 
urge your support of the House Joint Resolution 43, disapproving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act in the United States House of Representatives. 
The Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act would force religious institutions, including the 20 Catholic schools in the District of Columbia that I oversee, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of the mission of their employer. It would subjugate the Church’s moral teaching to the moral views of the government, violating the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, and result in discrimination against religious believers. Practically speaking, Catholic schools would be obliged to keep teachers that sow confusion among schoolchildren by engaging in conduct that is contrary to Catholic teaching on the fundamental dignity of human life from the moment of conception. The Archdiocese of Washington has long respected home rule for the District of Columbia and, therefore, advocated for our constitutional rights with the D.C. Council and Mayor. However, they moved forward despite our objections forcing us to appeal to the United States Congress to restore our freedoms. 
Accordingly the Archdiocese of Washington joins other religious institutions, faithbased organizations and prolife advocacy groups urging you and your colleagues to defend our freedom of religion, freedom of speech and freedom of association in the Nation’s Capital. 
disapproving the Reproductive Health Non Discrimination Amendment Act. Thank You. 
THECATHOLIC UNIVERSITY OF AMERICA, OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT , 
for House Joint Resolution 43 when it reaches the floor today. The bill would express the House’s disapproval of the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act passed by the D.C. Council. 
That bill would require all employers, including religious schools such as ours, to hire or retain employees who publicly act in defiance of our mission. It would take away our right to carry out our mission through personnel policies and practices that are rooted in our faith. 
The D.C. bill carries no exemption or language of tolerance that would acknowledge or accommodate the religious and associational freedoms protected by the First Amendment. It places the preferences of the government above the Church’s teaching on important matters. 
acting to disapprove a bill passed by the D.C. Council and urge you to take this unusual step only because of the great impact the bill would have on our ability freely to operate 
drug, device or medical service, because of or on the basis of an employer’s personal beliefs about such services.’’ 
federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), which governs the District’s policies on the restriction of religious freedoms. RFRA is not limited to institutions owned by religious organizations, but extends to closelyheld corporations whose owners’ free exercise of religion is burdened by state regulation. Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores, No. 13–354 (U.S. June 30, 2014). 
for religious organizations and organizations ‘‘operated, supervised or controlled by or in connection with a religious . . . organization’’ (§2–1401.3). RHNDA appears aimed at owners of entities like Hobby Lobby, whose owners would seek the same exemption offered religious organizations and their subsidiaries. The standard that RFRA stipulates, that the government may burden religious practice of owners of closelyheld corporations only when it is advancing a compelling state interest by means that are the least restrictive to the affected religious practice, is ignored by the proposed legislation. 
standing recognition of the right of religious employers to run their enterprises according to their religious beliefs. RHNDA’s attempt to prevent employers from making decisions based on their ‘‘personal beliefs’’ implies that the state has the power to judge what are, and are not, legitimate ‘‘personal beliefs’’ and to conclude that religiouslymotivated opposition to state policies is unacceptable. The Supreme Court has unanimously affirmed that employers, not the state, may determine which religious practices they use as the basis for their organizations’ policies. HosannaTabor Evangelical Lutheran Church and School v. EEOC, 132 S. Ct. 6. 
urge you and your colleagues to reject this bill. 
Professor of Law, Columbus School of Law, The Catholic University of America. 
JOHNFARINA , Associate Prof. of Religious Studies, George Mason University. 
Right to Life Committee, the nationwide federation of state righttolife organizations, urges you to vote in favor of H. J. Res. 43, a resolution introduced by Congresswoman Black to nullify the socalled ‘‘Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act’’ (RHNDA) in the District of Columbia. NRLC intends to include the roll call on H. J. Res. 43 in our scorecard of key prolife votes of the 114th Congress. 
the District from engaging in ‘‘discrimination’’ on the basis of ‘‘decisions’’ reached by employees, or potential employees, regarding ‘‘reproductive health’’ matters. It is not disputed that abortion is among the matters encompassed by the term ‘‘reproductive health’’ as used in the new law. The scope of the RHNDA is very broad, covering any ‘‘decisions’’ that are ‘‘related to the use . . . of a particular . . . medical service . . .’’ [emphasis added]. 
(NRLC) advocates for recognition that each unborn child is a member of the human family, and that each abortion stops a beating heart and ends the life of a developing human being. That viewpoint is shared by many women who once believed otherwise and submitted to abortions, and by many men who once believed otherwise and were complicit in abortion; such persons number among the most committed activists within our organization and other prolife organizations. Yet it would be intolerable for an advocacy organization such as ours to be required to hire, or prohibited from firing, a person who makes a ‘‘decision’’ to engage in advocacy or any other activity that is directly antithetical to our core mission to lawfully advocate for the civil rights of the unborn. 
. . . related to’’ abortion to inform decisions about hiring, firing, or benefits (among other things) would expose our organization both to enforcement actions by the District government bureaucracy, and to private lawsuits (some of which would likely be engendered by ‘‘sting’’ operations by proabortion advocates). 
Some have suggested that we would be protected from such results by a clause in the preexisting D.C. Human Rights Act that makes narrow allowance for ‘‘giving preference to persons of the same religion or political persuasion’’ as a controlling ‘‘religious or political organization.’’ But NRLC is neither a political nor a religious organization as those terms are used in the law. NRLC is not ‘‘operated, supervised or controlled by’’ any religious institution or political party, as the law requires to claim the narrow exemption. Moreover, our staff is made up of persons who are personally affiliated with a wide variety of religious bodies, 
or with none, and persons who belong to a 
that Congress shall ‘‘exercise exclusive legislation in all cases whatsoever’’ with respect to the seat of government, the federal District. Therefore, the RHNDA has been enacted with legal authority delegated to the District Council by Congress; that local body has no other political authority whatever under the Constitution. It follows that members of Congress are responsible for, and accountable for, abuses of the legal authority that Congress has delegated to District officials. The RHNDA is just such an abuse of delegated power—it is a politically motivated attack on our organization and the other organizations that seek to vindicate the human rights of unborn children. 
The roll call on H. J. Res. 43, the resolution 
of disapproval, will be accurately described in our scorecard and in reports to our national membership as a fair reading of where each Member of the House of Representatives stands regarding a blatantly political attack on the prolife movement. 
the city’s broad and diverse faith community. We may believe and practice our faith differently. We may have divergent positions on important issues. However we all agree that faith communities have a right to freely exercise their religion and a responsibility to promote and protect this important freedom. We believe religious freedom is not only our priority, but also a priority in our society. 
We come together then to oppose the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014. We believe it would infringe upon religious employers’ freedom to make employment decisions when necessary to preserve their religious mission and identity. In doing so, the legislation would allow for unjust and unnecessary government interference into religious employers’ governance and operations. 
employees’ or dependents’ private reproductive health decisions, these employers must have the freedom to respond to employees’ public behavior repudiating their religious mission and identity. 
fact discriminate against religious employers in a manner prohibited by the significant constitutional and legal protections provided to religious organizations in the U.S. Constitution’s First Amendment and the Religious Freedom Restoration Act 
the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. We pray that you will be fair and reasonable in your considerations of our sincere concerns. We will follow up with you with regard to these priority concerns. 
Reverend Patrick Walker, President, Baptist Convention of D.C. and Vicinity; Reverend Susan Taylor, National Public Affairs Director, Church of Scientology National Affairs Office; Talib M. Shareef, CMSgt, USAF Retired, Imam/President, The Nation’s Mosque, Masjid Muhammad; Reverend Kendrick E. Curry, Pastor, Pennsylvania Avenue Baptist Church—DuPont Park; Reverend Dr. George C. Gilbert, Pastor, Holy Trinity United Baptist Church—Hillbrook; Reverend A.C. Durant, Pastor, Tenth Street Baptist Church—Shaw; Reverend Sylvia 
Stanard, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Lee Holzinger, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Monsignor Robert Panke, Rector, Saint John Paul II Seminary—Brookland; Reverend William Byrne, Secretary of Pastoral Ministry and Social Concerns, Archdiocese of Washington. 
Conference; Reverend Frederick Close, Pastor, St. Anthony Catholic Church— Brookland; Reverend Adam Y. Park, Pastor, Epiphany Catholic Church—Georgetown; Reverend Michael Briese, Pastor, Holy Name Catholic Church—Capitol Hill North; Reverend Monsignor Godfrey T. Mosley, Pastor, St. Ann Catholic Church—Tenleytown; Reverend Mark R. Ivany, Pastor, Assumption Catholic Church—Congress Heights; Reverend Michael J. Kelley, Pastor, St. Martin Catholic Church—Bloomingdale; Monsignor Raymond G. East, Pastor, St. Teresa of Avila Catholic Church—Anacostia; Reverend William Gurnee, Director of Spiritual Formation, Saint John Paul II Seminary— Brookland. 
CEO, Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington; Reverend Henry A. Gaston, Pastor, Johnson Memorial Baptist Church; Reverend Beth Akiyama, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Kay Holzinger, Minister, Church of Scientology; Reverend Mario E. Dorsonville, Vice President of Mission and Immigration Outreach, Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Washington; Reverend Avelino A. Gonzalez, Director, Ecumenical and InterFaith Affairs Archdiocese of Washington; Reverend Monsignor Ronald W. Jameson, Rector, Cathedral of Saint Matthew the Apostle—DuPont Circle; Reverend Monsignor James D. Watkins, Pastor, Immaculate Conception Catholic Church— Shaw; Reverend Monsignor Paul Langsfeld, Pastor, St. Joseph’s Catholic Church on Capitol Hill. 
St. Dominic Catholic Church—Southwest Waterfront; Reverend Andrew F. Royals; Reverend Mark R. Ivany, Pastor, St. Benedict the Moor Catholic Church—Kingman Park; Reverend Ron Potts, Pastor, Shrine of the Most Blessed Sacrament—Chevy Chase; Reverend Thomas Franks, S.S.J., Pastor, Our Lady of Perpetual Help Catholic Church—Buena Vista; Reverend Cornelius Kelechi Ejiogu, S.S.J., Pastor, St. Luke Catholic Church—Marshall Heights; Reverend Alfred J. Harris, Pastor, St Mary Mother of God Catholic Church—Chinatown; Reverend Evelio Menjivar, Pastor, Our Lady Queen of the Americas—Kalorama; Reverend Richard Mullins, Pastor, St. Thomas Apostle Catholic Church—Woodley Park; Reverend Raymond M. Moore, Pastor, St. Thomas More Catholic Church—Washington Highlands; Monsignor Charles Pope, Pastor, Holy ComforterSaint Cyprian Catholic Church— Capitol Hill. 
can hire or fire anyone it wants to. If that person opposes the mission of the prolife organization, the prolife organization does not have to hire that person and may fire that person. 
Another matter that has to be corrected is that the D.C. discrimination law provides that nothing in the act— the act under discussion here—prohibits religious and political organizations from limiting employment or admission to or giving preference to persons of the same religion or political 
persuasion as calculated by that organization to promote the religious or political principles for which it is established or maintained. 
That is the text. Madam Speaker, I am pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. DUCKWORTH ), my 
Madam Speaker, I stand today in opposition to this resolution. 
I want to make clear the consequences of the misguided resolution that we are considering today because it is not about religious freedom; it is about the freedom to make incredibly personal and significant decisions without having to consult your boss. 
becoming a mother for the first time. This miracle was not possible without the aid of in vitro fertilization. Given the excess radiation exposure I received during treatment for my combatrelated amputations, this was the only way I would ever have a child. 
have the same opportunity to start a family, and no woman should ever be fired for doing so. This should be common sense. Unfortunately, the resolution before us today would remove the legal protections ensuring that this is the case in D.C. 
today would prevent stories like that of Emily Herx’s, a language arts teacher at a Catholic school in Indiana. She was fired after school authorities discovered that she and her husband used in vitro fertilization to try to have a child. They sought IVF treatments after learning that she suffered from a medical condition that caused infertility. She was told that the procedure was contrary to church teachings, and, as a result, her teaching contract would not be renewed. Last December, a jury sided with her, awarding her damages in the case. 
judged at work based on their job performances, not on private decisions they make with their families and doctors. That is exactly what the D.C. Council intended to ensure in passing their resolution to protect women in the District. 
I urge all Members to oppose this attempt by the majority to limit the rights of the people of the District of Columbia. In this day and age, the last thing we should be doing is punishing couples who are having difficulty in starting a family. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE), one of our 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.J. Res. 43, to protect different organizations from having to choose between their faiths and their jobs. 
This is not a war on women. It is an 
Forcing people to participate in offensive acts in order to stay in business is unconstitutional, and the D.C. Council has wholeheartedly interfered with the rights that are guaranteed in our Constitution. It is not a crime for individuals or organizations to exercise their First Amendment right. Respecting religious liberties when it can be reasonably accommodated is both common sense and constitutional. 
As Congress, we have a duty to disapprove of what the D.C. Council has done, and I urge my colleagues to do so. 
inquire as to how much time remains on my side. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 11 minutes remaining. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ), a member 
New Mexico. Madam Speaker, we have an obligation to fight discrimination wherever it exists and in whatever form it exists. 
This resolution would allow employers to discriminate against employees who make decisions based on the interests of their health and their families. If employers don’t like the personal health care decisions that their employees make, this resolution would allow employers to fire them. 
women who use contraception or who try to conceive through in vitro fertilization? 
job performances and nothing else, especially not on their private medical decisions. Nobody has the right to interfere with those decisions—nobody—not an employer, not the House of Representatives, not any of us. 
pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ), the chairman of the 
first want to start by thanking my ranking member, Mr. ELIJAH CUMMINGS . I feel for him and for his city 
and what they are having to go through in Baltimore. I know he would have liked to have been here, but I have the utmost respect for him, and I wish nothing but the best for the people of Baltimore. I thank him for the decorum we have had and for the success we have had thus far on the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. We have had good debates. We have disagreed on issues, but I think we have probably agreed on most issues that we have had come before us. 
I also want to thank the gentlewoman from the District, who cares passionately about her service and the people of Washington, D.C., and I know it comes from her heart as she speaks about these. We have had good success 
on our committee in having these vigorous debates but having done so in a professional manner, and I thank her for that kind of discussion that we have had. Again, I know that she speaks from her heart on this. 
this was a timely and appropriate bill to bring up. I know that it doesn’t happen very often. It is not a common occurrence. That is because a lot of what Washington, D.C., does and passes is not something that is of any controversy whatsoever. Yet, when you have the attorney general for the District of Columbia saying this has problems with the Constitution and problems in the law and when you have Mayor Gray making the same case that this has problems, I hope that both sides will recognize, no matter how 
they vote, that this law that was transmitted to the Oversight and Government Reform Committee—to Congress—is problematic, and they have admitted as such. They know that it is problematic, and I think we have a role and a responsibility to add our voice to that. That is what the Constitution calls for. 
Congress does have the ability to exercise the ultimate legislative authority over the District of Columbia. In the typical case, Congress plays no part in it as the overwhelming majority of pieces of legislation that get transmitted to us continue to sail on, but the RHNDA legislation, as passed by the D.C. Council, has left us with no choice but to act. 
of all D.C. employers, but it provides no exemption for religious or political organizations that work to advance certain beliefs regarding reproductive health. Because of this, the bill fails to ensure that protections are guaranteed under the First Amendment. 
Vincent Gray, a Democrat, wrote the D.C. Council twice, warning that this bill was unconstitutional. To fix the problem, Mayor Gray recommended the council include an exemption for religious or political organizations, but the council and the current mayor ignored Mayor Gray’s request, which would have alleviated the constitutional concerns. She ignored that. The current mayor ignored that. If they had taken Mayor Gray’s advice, I don’t think we would be standing here today, talking about this bill. 
Ms. Bowser, also saw the problems with the bill. She requested the council pass temporary—and that is important, ‘‘temporary’’—emergency legislation clarifying the bill doesn’t require an employer to provide insurance coverage for reproductive health decisions that an employer does not agree with. That is an important part of this discussion, but the legislation is only temporary. The bill remains unclear as to what it requires the D.C. employers to cover. The other point that I would put in 
place here is that Washington, D.C., has been a city for a long time—for a couple hundred years, I think—and this legislation has not been in place. We are not trying to erase something. We are saying that the bill that was transmitted to us is problematic, and there are ways to remedy and fix that. Some would say, well, it has been fixed by this temporary—again, temporary— piece of legislation, but that hasn’t been transmitted to us. The D.C. Council had an opportunity to provide us with that temporary legislation, but they didn’t. Maybe they will in the future—I don’t know—but that is not the bill that is before us today. 
thing in concept as from the Washington, D.C., attorney general. It is the same thing in concept that D.C. Mayor Gray has said, and it is the same thing, quite frankly, that the current mayor has argued is problematic, because she wanted to clarify that the very arguments we hear back to us are that their bill doesn’t actually do that, that we are not trying to effect that—in essence, saying that we are right, that we are not trying to get into this dangerous, unprecedented territory which a lot of us find offensive. 
have done is very reasonable in our approach. We have very differing approaches and mindsets. I get that, but I do appreciate the debate. That is what we are supposed to be doing in Congress. 
the District of Columbia and, certainly, our ranking member, Mr. CUMMINGS . He is a good man, and he is in a 
tough situation. Again, our thoughts and prayers are with him and with the people of Baltimore and of Maryland. I would hope they would look to his leadership and what he is telling the people, which is to calmly, calmly discuss these issues as we are calmly discussing these issues here tonight. 
think it is an appropriate thing to do, and it is a timely thing to do. The clock has run out. We only have 30 days. The time is right upon us, so I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this resolution tonight. 
Finally, I will say I really do appreciate Mrs. BLACK for her heart and passion on this issue and the good work that she has done. She cares deeply about these issues. We all do. 
yield myself such time as I may consume, and say that I do want to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. CHAFFETZ , for the way he has run 
the committee and especially with respect to this controversial legislation. He has allowed members to speak. It has been a very civil repartee on both sides. 
I would like to offer that I have already read the text of D.C. law that exempts both religious and political organizations from limiting employment 
that they may hire based on their religious views and their political views. Prolife organizations are protected; churches are protected. 
former Mayor and the former attorney general would make you think that they were still in office. The council did, in fact, look once again at their objections, finding that their objections had already been taken care of in prior D.C. law. The council then unanimously passed the bill again. 
matter cited against the District of Columbia because the only reason it isn’t final law is because the District of Columbia has to transmit to this body every law, and it has to lay over for at least 30 days before it becomes final. If we had our way, if we had the same rights that every other Member has whose district is in the United States of America, it would already be law. It shouldn’t be cited against us. 
the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ), a member of the committee. 
address you today in strong opposition to H.J. Res. 43. The resolution undermines the purpose of the D.C. Council antidiscrimination bill. D.C. residents deserve to be protected from discrimination in the workplace. Everyone should have the ability to make a private healthcare decision, including when and how they will start a family, and without the fear of losing their jobs or facing retaliation or retribution from their employer. 
country have faced discrimination for personal decisions such as using birth control, becoming pregnant while unmarried, or using in vitro fertilization to become pregnant. Contrary to claims by my Republican colleagues, this bill does not impose any new requirements on employers to cover or to pay for any reproductive health services. 
by the Constitution just like those of men in this country? This is not about whether you or I have an abortion or whether you or I use IVF. Madam Speaker, this is about a woman’s right to choose what is right for them in the privacy of their homes and doctor’s office and with their family. This is not about prochoice or prolife. This is about religious freedom. This is about government intrusion. 
of D.C. by a Member of Congress from Tennessee, flies in the face of the democratic debate and vote already heard by the D.C. Council. This resolution preserves the current exemption in the D.C. human rights laws for religious organizations and does not impose any additional requirements on employers based on their religious belief. 
as a member of the largest number of women in this Congress, and I can tell 
you, I am offended by this bill. I stand here today in opposition. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), a cosponsor of the bill and one of my colleagues from my State. 
I thank the gentlewoman from Tennessee for her work on this issue, and I also thank Chairman CHAFFETZ for the 
Both the gentlewoman and the chairman have mentioned the work and the comments by Mayor Gray regarding this policy and the policy by the RHNDA. You can say the reason that we are here tonight is to correct a wrong. I think you could also say that it is here to protect one of those first principles that we hold so very dear in this country and one of the reasons that our country was founded: to celebrate and enjoy religious freedom. So that is what brings us to the floor tonight. One of the things that we hear from our constituents all the time, Madam Speaker, is that we should never pass bills that are going to compromise or limit our freedoms. 
what the District has done with the RHNDA would prevent organizations of faith—including schools, churches, and prolife groups established explicitly to uphold their moral and ethical views— from making personnel decisions consistent with the mission of their very establishment. So that is a prohibition that we are addressing with this resolution that we are bringing forward tonight. 
resolution doesn’t take away any rights and it doesn’t add any new rights. What it does is to maintain what has been current law. That is something that is important for us to remember. I also think it is important to note that in 2012 the Supreme Court unanimously affirmed the rights of religious organizations, and we stand tonight with that affirmation. 
Ms. NORTON. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), my 
letters, one from Americans United for Separation of Church and State, and the other from over 20 organizations, including the AntiDefamation League, Catholics for Choice, People for the American Way, United Methodist Church General Board of Church and Society, over 20 organizations. Both letters are in opposition to the resolution. 
DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of Americans United for Separation of Church and State, we write to urge you to oppose efforts to curtail civil rights in the District of Columbia, including H.J. Res. 43, the resolution to disapprove of D.C.’s Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (RHNDAA). This bill, which the D.C. Council 
recently passed unanimously, expands civil rights and effectuates the will of the people of D.C. It should not be nullified by Congress. 
nonpartisan educational organization dedicated to preserving the, constitutional principle of churchstate separation as the only way to ensure true religious freedom for all Americans. We fight to protect the right of individuals and religious communities to worship—or not—as they see fit without government interference, compulsion, support, or disparagement. Americans United has more than 120,000 members and supporters across the country. 
their dependents from discrimination based on their personal reproductive health care decisions. This bill strengthens existing protections against employment discrimination and ensures that employees and their families can make their own private health decisions, including whether, when, and how to start a family and what the size of their family should be, without fear of losing their jobs or facing retribution from their employers. 
freedom of religion and belief, ensuring every person has the right to follow the dictates of his or her own conscience. Contrary to opponents’ claims, the RHNDAA does not violate religious freedom protections. 
Clause of the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, religious beliefs do not excuse compliance with valid and neutral laws of general applicability. Courts deem laws neutral unless they ‘‘target religious beliefs’’ or ‘‘if the object of [the] law is to infringe upon or restrict practices because of their religious motivation.’’ The RHNDAA does not single out religious beliefs or practices. Instead, the bill treats all employers the same. 
The RHNDAA would also survive a challenge under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA), which applies to D.C. RFRA prohibits the government from ‘‘substantially burden[ing] a person’s exercise of religion’’ unless the government can demonstrate that the burden is justified by a compelling government interest and is the least restrictive means of furthering that interest. RFRA is not triggered when there is just ‘‘the slightest obstacle to religious exercise.’’ And, burdens are permissible when the government’s interest is important, including combatting discrimination. 
endorse any actions that may be in conflict with their religious tenets. This act merely ensures that employees and their families face no employment consequences for their private health care decisions. Eradicating employment discrimination against women is a compelling government interest and there is no less restrictive means of preventing discrimination. 
choose to exercise their constitutionally protected rights to make ‘‘personal choice[s] in matters of marriage and family life.’’ Business owners are absolutely entitled to their religious beliefs—but they cannot use their beliefs to justify discrimination against their employees. The RHNDAA would make sure that employees and their families can make their own private health decisions, based on their own consciences and in consultation with their own physicians, without fear of losing their job. 
the RHNDAA does not override existing protections for religious employers in hiring. 
an exemption for employers ‘‘operated, supervised, or controlled by or in connection with a religious . . . organization’’ to give preference or limit employment to those of the same faith. Moreover, as the Supreme Court held in HosannaTabor Evangelical Lutheran Church & Sch. v. E.E.O.C., the First Amendment protects religious institutions’ right to make decisions about employees in ministerial positions—those who preach and teach the faith. The RHNDAA does not alter these alreadyexisting protections. 
Res. 43, which would prevent the RHNDAA from taking effect, H.J. Res. 44, a resolution of disapproval of D.C.’s Human Rights Amendment Act of 2014 (HRAA), has also been introduced. This is another attempt to curtail civil rights in the District of Columbia and should likewise be rejected. 
The HRAA would ensure that LGBT students in the District are not subject to discrimination by educational institutions. Under the HRAA, religiously affiliated educational institutions would have to provide LGBT student groups with the same equal access to school facilities and services as all other student groups, but they would not be required to provide LGBT student groups with funds or official recognition. 
been attacked by opponents claiming it violates religious freedom protections under the First Amendment and RFRA. But religiously affiliated educational institutions have neither a constitutional nor statutory right to discriminate against LGBT student groups in the name of religion. The HRAA is a neutral law of general applicability that has the effect of ensuring all schools and universities provide equal access and services to LGBT students. It would not compel the schools to fund or recognize LGBT student groups and serves a government interest that the D.C. Court of Appeals long ago held was compelling. As explained by the Court, eradicating discrimination against LGBT students serves to ‘‘foster[] individual dignity, . . . creat[e] a climate and environment in which each individual can utilize his or her potential to contribute to and benefit from society, and [promote the] equal protection of the life, liberty and property that the Founding Fathers guaranteed to us all:’’ 
it represents, passed the RHNDAA and the HRAA to protect members of the D.C. community from discrimination. Contrary to the rhetoric surrounding this bill, it does not violate religious liberty protections. Rather, the RHNDAA stands to protect all employees in the District from discrimination. Accordingly, we urge you to reject any attempts to curtail civil rights in the District of Columbia, including H.J. Res. 43. 
justify discrimination. Yet that is what opponents of these measures would like to do. We know there will be other attempts to misuse religious liberty in Congress. We urge you to reject this one and those to come. 
religious, interfaith, and civil liberties organizations that advocate for freedom of religion and belief write to urge you to reject any and all congressional efforts, including resolutions of disapproval, that would prevent two D.C. civil rights bills from taking effect. The D.C. Council unanimously passed both the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (RHNDAA) and the Human Rights Amendment Act of 2014 (HRAA) to support one basic underlying principle: fairness. The bills help ensure that others are treated fairly—as we all would like to be treated. These bills do not violate religious freedom, but instead protect freedom of conscience of and ensure equal treatment for all students and employees. 
We urge you to oppose H. J. Res. 43, which 
seeks to overturn the RHNDAA. The RHNDAA strengthens the District’s existing nondiscrimination protections so that employees in D.C. and their dependents do not face employment discrimination because of their personal reproductive health care decisions. 
The RHNDAA would ensure that employees and their families can make their own private health decisions, based on their own consciences and in consultation with their own physicians, without fear of losing their job. Business owners are absolutely entitled to their personal religious beliefs—but they cannot use their beliefs to justify discrimination against their employees. 
Similarly, we urge you to oppose H. J. Res. 
44, which would repeal the HRAA. The HRAA ensures that all educational institutions in D.C. provide access to school facilities and services for all student clubs equally. Contrary to opponents’ claims, the HRAA does not require religiously affiliated schools to provide LGBT student groups with funding or official recognition. The HRAA simply upholds students’ freedom of conscience by repealing a congressionally imposed exemption to D.C. law that allows religiously affiliated educational institutions to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation. 
Despite opponents’ claims, neither bill violates the religious freedom protections found in the Free Exercise Clause of the First Amendment or the Religious Freedom Restoration Act (RFRA). The two bills are neutral and generally applicable because they have the effect of applying nondiscrimination protections to all employers and all educational institutions in the District; neither single out a faith group or religious practice. Moreover, neither bill requires a religious organization to endorse any action that conflicts with its religious teachings. Finally, each bill furthers the government’s compelling interest in eradicating discrimination in the District. 
Religious freedom is a fundamental American value. It guarantees us the freedom to hold any belief we choose without government interference. It cannot, however, be used to trump others’ civil rights, and it should not justify striking down laws that ensure people are treated fairly. We should strive to expand civil rights protections, not curtail them. 
curtail civil rights in the District of Columbia, including H. J. Res. 43 and H. J. Res. 44. 
Church and State, AntiDefamation League, Catholics for Choice, Center for Inquiry, Disciples for Choice, Disciples Justice Action Network, Equal Justice Task Force of African American Ministers In Action, Equal Partners in Faith, Hindu American Foundation, Institute for Science and Human Values, Inc., Interfaith Alliance, Methodist Federation for Social Action, Metropolitan Community Churches, National Council of Jewish Women, People For the American Way, Religious Coalition for Reproductive Choice, Secular Coalition for America, Sikh American Legal Defense and Education Fund (SALDEF), Union for Reform Judaism, United Church of Christ, Justice and Witness Ministries, United Methodist Church, General Board of Church and Society, Unitarian Universalist Association. 
in strong opposition to this extreme and misguided resolution. 
I am deeply troubled that this Chamber continues to waste its time attacking women’s health rather than crafting solutions for the American people. Instead of addressing the real challenges facing our Nation, this resolution is yet another attempt by House leaders to inject ideology into women’s personal medical decisions. A woman’s healthcare choices should be made between her and her doctor, not by her boss. 
By overturning D.C.’s new antidiscrimination protections, this resolution would give employers the right to fire workers based on the decisions they make about their birth control. This is simply unacceptable. All Americans should be free to make medical decisions without the fear of being fired or demoted. 
stop undermining women’s reproductive rights and focus on the actual needs of working families. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
30 seconds to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
me repeat the opinion of former D.C. Mayor Vincent Gray and his attorney general. They believe that this law we are considering tonight is legally problematic and raises serious concerns under the Constitution. 
in the District have asked Congress for help, including Cardinal Wuerl of the Catholic Diocese. I include for the RECORD the April 17, 2015, letter to the 
editor of The Washington Post from Cardinal Wuerl and President Garvey from Catholic University. 
Washington. John Garvey is the president of Catholic University of America. 
the Catholic Church would celebrate a Holy Year of Divine Mercy. God’s mercy has been a theme of his pontificate. 
has said, ‘‘I am a sinner.’’ The Catholic Church’s response to our human frailty is not condemnation but mercy. There may be no institution that understands this better. 
would have us believe otherwise. The Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act and the Human Rights Amendment Act purport to address ‘‘discrimination’’ by institutions such as ours, the Archdiocese of Washington and the Catholic University of America. The putative victims of this discrimination are people who part ways with church teaching about unborn life and sexual autonomy. 
which the council says is designed to prevent discrimination against employees who have abortions, have sex outside marriage or seek sterilization or other means to prevent pregnancy. Given the effort expended and ink spilled on this purported civil rights measure, you would think the church was hunting out sexual offenders and fining or firing them. But the church understands that we are all sinners, all equally deserving of punishment (if it comes to that) and all equally in need of God’s mercy. We are not in the business of privileging some sinners over others. 
mercy, not moral indifferentism. That is why we object to these two laws. They ask for much more than mercy and understanding. Consider again the reproductive health law. It forbids an employer to ‘‘discriminate against an individual’’ on the basis of her ‘‘reproductive health decision making.’’ Suppose your job is prolife education in the archdiocese’s Department of Life Issues. We can imagine a woman who had an abortion working effectively in that office. (Dorothy Day, founder of the Catholic Worker movement and a great witness to life, had an abortion when she was 21.) But suppose you continue to believe that abortion was the right choice for you to make and honesty compels you to share that opinion with other women in your circumstances. A law forbidding discrimination on the basis of ‘‘reproductive health decision making’’ would seem to prevent the church from challenging or dismissing such an employee, even though she is working at odds with the mission of the office that hired her. 
Rights Amendment law. It says that religious institutions are guilty of discrimination against gay and lesbian student groups if, in the words of the committee report, they deny them the same ‘‘rights and facilities as other officially recognized student groups.’’ The Catholic Church’s views about sexual autonomy, like its views about reproductive health, are more traditional than those held by the D.C. Council. But it seems peculiar to say that the church discriminates, in some morally objectionable way, by declining to give official support to groups that hold views opposed to its own. 
Disagreement is not the same as discrimination. The law goes too far when it demands that the church abandon its beliefs in the pursuit of an entirely novel state of equality. 
this point. Reluctantly, we turned to Congress for a resolution of disapproval. This procedure is in keeping with the American tradition of political appeal against political decisions. If that course of action fails, we have no doubt we will eventually prevail in court. The respect for religious freedom that we ask for is enshrined in the Constitution. But we hope that our elected officials can also see that it’s a matter of common sense. 
history has a long history of tolerance toward religious institutions. Indeed, 
one of the words inscribed on the rostrum here in the center of it is ‘‘tolerance.’’ We need to approve this resolution to be tolerant of our religious institutions. I urge my colleagues to support H.J. Res. 43. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has 5 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 5
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my good friend. 
let me thank the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia for her outstanding service and leadership on behalf of the District of Columbia and the people of the District of Columbia. As well, let me acknowledge the chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform for his kind words of deliberation, and certainly the ranking member for his leadership, Mr. CUMMINGS , who, as we all know, is addressing some of the very heavy concerns in his own city. 
Speaker. I happen to believe in statehood for the District of Columbia. I think that is important to state on the record. But I realize that the Constitution has a framework for the Congress to address the issues of the laws here in the District of Columbia. I realize, as well, that home rule has been given under that authority, and this Congress, in the right thinking, has allowed basically for the District of Columbia to rule its city on the basis of good governance of the citizens of this particular community. That is the right thing to do. They are taxpaying Americans. 
So I am disturbed by H.J. Res. 43 because it seeks to cause confusion where there is no need for confusion. Let me first start by saying that the Ninth Amendment gives a right to privacy to all Americans, and Washingtonians are Americans. The right to privacy has indicated, through the Supreme Court, that Roe v. Wade, the right to choose, is the law. 
freedom of religion, but our gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has indicated that the District of Columbia clarified that this law does not violate and will not force someone to go against their political views or their religious views. 
resolution that the District of Columbia passed simply prohibits employers from discriminating against employees based on their reproductive health decisions, protects the reproductive health decisions of the spouses and dependents, and prohibits an employer from firing an employee for using in vitro fertilization or birth control? 
time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. NORTON. I yield an additional 15 
what is not given to the Federal Government is left to the States in the Tenth Amendment. I know that D.C. is not a State, but what I would say is that this law has been clarified in the District of Columbia. We are intruding. The rights are protected under the Ninth Amendment, and this resolution is out of order. I ask my colleagues to vote against it. 
of H.J. Res. 43 disapproving the District of Columbia government’s approval of the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act also known as RHNDA. 
As I have before, I maintain that the right of 
a woman to privacy must remain sacrosanct because the well being and protection of women is the nucleus of a healthy America and a healthy world. 
woman is the constant that keeps all the variables of family together, organized and on track. 
First, it is in derogation of DC’s local autonomy, an autonomy that we enjoy in our respective states, pursuant to the Tenth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. 
states that powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people. 
I find it ironic, as duly elected officials that 
some of us seek to trample upon the rights that we enjoy vis a vis the separation of the federal and state powers, as delineated in our Constitution. 
To add insult to injury, some of us are even 
able to look the congressional representative from Washington, DC in the eye, while we take adverse decisions that affect the livelihood of her constituents. 
Second, the District of Columbia government’s action does good without infringing on the First Amendment and religious freedoms of American citizens. 
Third, this recent iteration of the war on the 
rights of women underscores our misplaced priorities where we have numerous pressing issues. 
Among others, we continue to have unemployment, national security concerns with the continued proliferation of terrorist organizations across the globe. 
to work in a bipartisan manner on the issues of education, healthcare and infrastructure building to protect children, our elderly, veterans and other groups. 
Our focus ought to be on bettering the quality of life for everyday American people. 
Let us zoom in on one of what should be 
adult women who account for 4.9 percent and teenagers who account for 17.5 percent. 
Whites make up 4.7 percent, African Americans 10.1 percent, Asians 3.2 percent and Hispanics make up 6.8 percent. 
on a measure that blocks the District of Columbia’s effort to make laws that protects the privacy rights of women and their spouses when we have more pressing priorities? 
But back to H.J. Res. 43. What does this legislation do to undermine 
DC’s autonomy, attack women’s rights and waste precious tax payer resources? 
H.J. Res. 43 seeks to undermine an underlying Bill: the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Act considered, voted upon by the duly elected officials of the District of Columbia and signed into law by Mayor Muriel Bowser of Washington, DC in January of this year. 
The underlying bill signed into law in Washington, DC would do the following: 
Prohibit an employer from firing an employee for using in vitro fertilization or birth control. 
across the aisle, let us look at what RHNDA does not do: 
First, it does not impose any new requirements on employers to provide health insurance coverage; 
issue and clarified that RHNDA’s protections do not reach insurance coverage by passing a temporary clarification; 
Indeed, the RHNDA does not impact an organization or church’s ability to make hiring decisions based on religious or political views. 
Opponents may claim that the bill might require churches or religious organizations to hire prochoice candidates. 
This can hold no water because it is simply 
The RHNDA strikes the balance of protecting personal decisions a woman makes regarding her reproductive health while not overreaching related to personal religious beliefs as it relates to a woman’s reproductive health. 
In my view, H.J. Res. 43 is another jab at 
the voice of women, their rights to selfdetermination and reproductive freedoms articulated in our nation’s highest court’s ruling in Griswold v. Connecticut and Roe v. Wade. 
1000 women activists congregated at the Hague to ask for peace, protesting World War I and asserted their right to selfdetermination. 
Dr. Aletta Jacobs, Jane Addams and sociologist Emily G. Balch were some of the champions of women’s rights a century ago at the Hague. 
today, in our era, we are blessed with women who are champions of a woman’s right to self determination and privacy. 
these women of courage, women and girls continue to be at the mercy of people who fail to try to show empathy towards their mothers, 
Take for example the case of Emily Herx, a 
married woman who was terminated for using in vitro to become pregnant. 
she was awarded a $1.9 million judgment against her employer. 
single unmarried mother working to support her children, who worked for an employer hostile towards unmarried women who became pregnant. 
able to enter a settlement with her employer after she fought her illegal termination. 
Then there is the case of Apryl Kellam, who 
was threatened with termination for being a single mother. 
And the stories go on and on. Clearly, as these real life stories reflect, H.J. 
Res. 43 affects all: significant others, spouses and daughters. 
employers to fire a woman because she has an abortion after experiencing the violent act of rape. 
That is immoral. Republicans seek to empower employers to 
demote a woman or pay her less if she chooses to take birth control pills. 
That is unfair. Indeed, Republicans seek to empower employers to fire a male worker because he uses condoms and because his wife uses birth control pills. 
That makes no sense. Republicans seek to empower employers to 
terminate a male employee because his teenage daughter becomes pregnant out of wedlock. 
That is irrational. In other words, Madam Speaker, H.J. Res. 
rights, violative of family rights and economic empowermentissues affecting the livelihood of millions of families across our nation. 
Thus, I stand in solidarity with my colleagues in opposing this Bill. 
I also stand in solidarity with the Administration which has urged Congress in this Statement of Administration Policy to adopt the President’s FY 2016 Budget proposal allowing the District to enact local laws and spend local funds in the same way as other cities and States. 
1 minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), who is a subcommittee chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and a cosponsor of the bill. 
rise today and want to reach out to my colleague, the Delegate from D.C. to, one, say that I appreciate the tone and tenor of this debate. I have great respect for her and, actually, during this debate have grown to admire her even more. 
that much of what has been talked about tonight about there being clarity is simply not the case, Madam Speaker. b2230 
the ministerial exception, where we can look for items of conscience and make sure that those fundamental rights are protected, Madam Speaker, that this particular legislation would indeed do exactly what the Delegate from D.C. has said that it would do. 
my willingness to work with not only the Delegate from D.C., but the Mayor and the city council, to hopefully provide that clarifying language. 
that the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. MEADOWS , made every 
effort to try to find some accommodation with the District of Columbia. I certainly appreciated that so much. 
so because the exemption he sought would have swallowed the equal employment laws. There would have been nothing left to them, but he tried very hard, and I appreciate the spirit in which he has acted as our subcommittee chair. 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the 
Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 43. 
This resolution would express Congress’ disapproval of the District of Columbia’s legislation that would protect employees from discrimination based on their reproductive health decisions. 
Just last month, the States of Indiana and Arkansas attempted to pass socalled ‘‘religious freedom’’ bills that are really an attempt to permit discrimination. 
that would allow employers to fire or refuse to hire workers because of their private reproductive medical decisions, notwithstanding the protection provided to the employees by the District of Columbia. 
Madam Speaker, in 1993, when Congress passed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, better known as RFRA, it did so with the intent to expand protections for religious exercise; but since then, we have seen attempts by Congress and some States to use so called ‘‘religious liberty’’ or ‘‘religious freedom’’ measures to undermine otherwise valid protections against discrimination provided in the Civil Rights Act. 
a ‘‘sincerely held religious belief’’ to justify otherwise illegal discrimination. The reasoning in this resolution would also undermine all civil rights laws because anyone could claim a sincerely held religious belief to justify discrimination based on anything— race, religion, or any other protected class. 
based on reproductive health decisions. We should not overrule this legislation. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Tennessee has 4
1⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from the District of Columbia has three quarters of a minute remaining. 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, which will stop the socalled Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. 
Council, discriminates against religious and prolife advocacy groups in the District of Columbia. 
The D.C. government forces employers to provide abortion coverage for their employees. This law represents a flagrant disregard for the conscience rights of all D.C. employers. 
Members of the House to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this important resolution of disapproval. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.J. Res. 43, to disapprove the action of the D.C. Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014, which I believe clearly violates the constitutional freedoms of the citizens of the District of Columbia. 
one city. It is about protecting the freedoms and liberties enshrined in our Constitution for all Americans. This is about making sure the government does not force employers with deeply held religious beliefs and values to act against their conscience. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ). 
‘‘Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.’’ 
Madam Speaker, will we dare vote tonight to uphold the free exercise of religion? Will we dare vote tonight to ensure that no church or religious institution in the District of Columbia is forced to violate their beliefs and convictions? Yes, we have a solemn obligation to 
support our constitutional commitment to religious liberty, so I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting H.J. Res. 43, the disapproval resolution to block the D.C. Council’s disregard of fundamental constitutional rights. 
Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I am pleased to yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ). 
Madam Speaker, the question tonight is clearly the evisceration of the U.S. Constitution by the District of Columbia. 
former Mayor of D.C., who agrees ideologically with the D.C. Council, warned his colleagues that the D.C. bill was ‘‘legally insufficient,’’ ‘‘legally problematic,’’ and ‘‘raises concerns under the Constitution and under the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.’’ 
RHNDA discriminates against missiondriven organizations located in the Nation’s Capital, impinging on the freedom of association and religion for advocacy groups, particularly religious and prolife affiliates, our neighbors right here in the District of Columbia. 
I ask we vote ‘‘yes.’’ Ms. NORTON. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. NORTON. This resolution represents tyranny on two levels: the tyranny the Framers most feared, by the Federal Government interfering with local government; and the tyranny Americans especially fear today, interference with the most private decision they make, the decision concerning their reproductive health. 
District of Columbia before it spreads throughout the United States. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACK. Madam Speaker, I yield 
we have had here today on this important issue. 
As I close, I would like to remind everyone, Madam Speaker, that this is legislation that has constitutional problems. We have said this over and over again since its inception, and the constitutional problems have been recognized by both the Democrats and the Republicans. 
tonight about what this bill does and does not do. This resolution is about allowing religious and political organizations to hire employees who agree with their core mission as protected by the First Amendment. 
this resolution of disapproval to ensure the protections granted to each and every American by the First Amendment of our Constitution. 
As a matter of fact, folks tried to say 
what this resolution would do. It is a very simple resolution. It is a 1page resolution. It has a few sentences to it, and I would like to just read those sentences. It is ‘‘disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014.’’ That is simply what it does. 
to give an upordown vote. We are not amending. If this resolution of disapproval is adopted by this body, it simply will put back into place what is already law in the District of Columbia. It will not be taking away any rights. 
resolution, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
rise in strong opposition to this resolution, which would disapprove of the D.C. Council’s passage of the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. 
This resolution infringes on the reproductive rights of American citizens. 
people of the District of Columbia to govern themselves. 
of Columbia signed the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. 
discriminating against employees based on their reproductive health decisions. 
By passing this resolution, congressional Republicans are impinging on the rights of women in the District of Columbia to make their own reproductive health decisions without fear that their bosses will punish them. 
This resolution would permit an employer to fire a woman because she has an abortion after being raped. 
It would allow an employer to demote a woman—or pay her less—if she chooses to take birth control pills. 
male worker because he uses condoms, because his wife uses the pill, or because his teenage daughter becomes pregnant out of wedlock. 
As I told my colleagues in the Oversight Committee when we marked up this resolution, this is the same Committee that brought the world Sandra Fluke. 
Oversight Committee to testify about contraceptives on February 16, 2012. 
Republicans are doing to the people of the District of Columbia. 
They want a voice in their own governance. They expressed their will. And their elected officials passed a law protecting their rights. 
But now, House Republicans are trying to silence the voters of the District of Columbia, just as they tried to silence Sandra Fluke. 
women across the country, and she was heard far and wide. 
what House Republicans do here today, this resolution has no chance of becoming law. 
than a symbolic gesture. But it reveals very clearly what Republicans stand for. 
shocking that in this day and age employees are still being discriminated against because of their reproductive health choices, such as whether or not to use birth control, undergo in vitro fertilization to get pregnant, or for having sex without being married. 
The Council of the District of Columbia recently passed a law protecting D.C. women and families from such discrimination, making it clear that they cannot be penalized or retaliated against because of the employee’s personal reproductive health care choices. The District of Columbia Reproductive Health Non Discrimination Amendment Act takes a stand and makes a statement that this sort of discrimination will not be tolerated in the District of Columbia. 
D.C. Council’s law. H.J. Res. 43 is not only a slap in the face of the women of D.C. but also to their families. It affects whether people can chose to wait to have children, have children at all, and when they can or cannot have sex. Frankly, it’s none of our business. Is there anything more private than someone’s child bearing decisions? Than who to get intimate with? In a country that will spend $166 million on the movie 50 Shades of Grey, the Republican Majority thinks imposing their own Puritanical ideology and theology on District residents is acceptable? 
House Republicans constantly argue for limiting the power of the federal government and to respect the rights of the state and local governments. However, once again, they feel it is necessary to usurp the decision that the D.C. government unanimously voted on for its own citizens. Do unto others but don’t do unto me. That is about as hypocritical as you can get. 
Madam Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject H.J. Res. 43 and to support D.C.’s local government and the women of D.C. to make their own reproductive choices. 
oppose the Republican Majority’s unilateral, and rather extraordinary, effort to undermine democracy in the District of Columbia. 
A majority that claims to oppose big government and fancies itself as the champion of State and local rights; astonishingly finds itself 
on the precipice of wielding the Federal Government’s power to overturn the decision of a local government solely because it can. Not because it should; but because it can. 
NonDiscrimination Amendment Act was appropriately considered, passed, and enacted by the duly elected representatives of the District of Columbia. The majority has decided that democratic principles take a back seat to pleasing its antireproductive rights base. 
Make no mistake; this disgraceful vote represents a strike against the right to selfgovernance. It is an affront to D.C. home rule and a regrettable regression by the majority to a previous era, when Republicans of the 1990’s abused congressional power to advance intrusive, antidemocratic legislation that meddled in the District’s local affairs. Indeed, this resolution is emblematic of efforts by certain segments of the conservative movement that intended or not, would actually have the effect of enshrining bigotry into our laws in the name of fighting it. 
Let us have no illusions about what the majority seeks to do this evening. In making a mockery of the D.C. Home Rule Act, the majority is seeking to repeal a local government statute that prohibits discrimination on the basis of reproductive health decisions and protects its citizens against prejudice in the workplace. 
health insurance coverage. As the Chairman of the D.C. Council stated in a letter to Congress, ‘‘The purpose and intent of this bill is to prevent an employer, through our Human Rights Act, from firing an employee for that 
employee’s personal decision regarding his or her reproductive health.’’ 
In closing, it is true that the United States 
Constitution grants the Congress exclusive jurisdiction over the affairs of the District of Columbia. Yet, just because we can does not mean we should. 
I implore my colleagues on the other side of 
the aisle, who loudly proclaim to be the part of limited government, to recognize that Congress should always strive to treat the District of Columbia like any other State, and respect the rights of all Americans to exercise democratic selfgovernance. 
Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to House Joint Resolution 43 to overturn the D.C. Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. 
protecting freedom of religion and beliefs. No, House Joint Resolution 43 is about allowing discrimination. 
would allow an employer to discriminate against an employee based on the employee’s personal health care decisions—decisions which have nothing to do with the employer. 
private health decisions including whether, when, and how to start a family, without fear of losing their jobs or facing retribution from employers. 
passing the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act, seeks to ensure fair and necessary employment protections for the people of the District of Columbia. The Council deserves our respect when protecting the rights of their constituents . . . the people who elected them. The oversight of this body should not extend to overturning legislation passed by democraticallyelected representatives of the people of D.C. 
freedom established by our founding fathers that we should fiercely protect, but to suggest that it extends to employers imposing their beliefs on the people that work for them, as this Resolution does, is just plain WRONG, particularly when it comes to something as personal as reproductive health. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.J. Res. 43, Disapproving the Action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act. While this resolution is certainly an abuse of Congress’ authority over the District of Columbia, it more importantly undermines the right of a woman to make personal, private healthcare decisions. 
Act of 2014 (RHNDA) was passed by the D.C. Council in order to protect employees and their families from discrimination. RHNDA ensures that an employee cannot be terminated based on personal reproductive healthcare decisions. For instance, the use of birth control, the decision of when to start a family, or the use of in vitro fertilization are not grounds for termination in the District of Columbia. 
The RHNDA does not impose any new requirements on employers to provide health insurance coverage or to pay for any reproductive or abortion services nor does it discriminate against prolife organizations. The RHNDA actually clarifies that every employee in D.C. is able to follow their own moral or religious beliefs, including when and how to start a family, without fear of facing consequences at work. 
and the RHNDA respects religious and moral decisionmaking without impacting anyone outside of the person making their own decisions. We must allow religious liberty to also mean allowing people to work in an environment that respects their dignity and private life and is free from discrimination. 
Res. 43 because it not only infringes upon the personal decisionmaking of an individual, it also blatantly disregards D.C.’s local laws. 
support of H.J. Res. 43, a joint resolution of 
Congress, which is needed to protect the conscience rights of prolife employers that operate in the District of Columbia. Under DC’s home rule law, Congress has a time period in which to review DCpassed legislation. 
Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act (RHNNDA). This measure would, in part, ban employers from making personnel decisions based on an individual’s decisions relating to abortion and other reproductive health issues. 
specifically discriminate against prolife employers by potentially forcing them to hire and retain individuals who advocate for policies that run counter to the employer’s mission. 
exist to advance prolife policies, should not be forced by the DC government to hire individuals who hold and advocate for positions 
that run counter to the core values of that organization. Christian schools and prolife organizations should not be required to cover ‘‘reproductive health decisions’’ in their health care plans that are counter to their core pro life convictions. 
should have no place in the nation’s capital, or any jurisdiction for that matter. This is a step too far and H.J. Res. 43 restores these fundamental conscience rights. 
I rise in strong support of this legislation and 
urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this important legislation. 
be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
question is on the passage of the joint resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 228, nays 192, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) 
Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) 
So the joint resolution was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 223 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2028. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (Chair) in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. When the Committee of 
the Whole rose earlier today, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ) had been disposed of, and the bill had been read through page 57, line 11. 
rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote in this series. 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 126, noes 295, not voting 10, as follows: 
Amash Babin Benishek Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fleming Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie 
Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan King (IA) Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lance Long Loudermilk Marchant Massie McCaul McClintock McHenry Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Noem Nugent Olson Palmer Paulsen Perry Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Zinke 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) 
Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lamborn Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) 
Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 249, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Hahn Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Rangel Ribble 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yoho 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole 
Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) 
King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, 
Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 177, noes 244, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Fleming Flores Forbes Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Harper 
Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Scalise Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gohmert Graham Graves (GA) Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
King (NY) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Pompeo Price (NC) Quigley 
Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Womack Yoho Young (IA) Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 173, noes 248, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aguilar Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yoho 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) 
Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar 
Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk 
Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 139, noes 282, not voting 10, as follows: 
Allen Amash Babin Barr Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crenshaw Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman 
Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Perry 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Adams Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan 
Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby RosLehtinen Roskam RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 110, noes 311, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 200] 
Babin Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Gowdy 
Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grothman Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan LaMalfa Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Messer Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mulvaney Neugebauer Olson Palmer 
Perry Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Ross Rouzer Royce Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (MO) Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westmoreland Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa 
Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Hill Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Mica Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne 
Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao 
Visclosky Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. ELLISON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 246, not voting 10, as follows: 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brownley (CA) Burgess Capps Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DelBene DeSantis DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gowdy Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Jordan Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meadows Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo 
Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Woodall Yoho 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Clawson (FL) 
Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeLauro Denham Dent DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Doyle, Michael 
Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frelinghuysen Gibbs Goodlatte Gosar Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill 
Himes Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Price (NC) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader 
Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 202, noes 219, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 202] 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Harris Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Woodall Yoho Zeldin 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus 
Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 164, noes 257, not voting 10, as follows: 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Crowley Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Griffith 
Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Mulvaney Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sires Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook 
Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Green, Gene Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Lofgren Long 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) 
Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 149, noes 272, not voting 10, as follows: 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brownley (CA) 
Carney Carson (IN) Castor (FL) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Cohen Conyers Crowley Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Jones Kaptur Keating 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Payne Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Ribble Rice (SC) Rohrabacher Rokita RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford 
Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 143, noes 278, not voting 10, as follows: 
Amash Babin Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleming 
Flores Forbes Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grothman Guthrie Hardy Harper 
Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Mooney (WV) Mullin Neugebauer Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Ribble Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stivers Stutzman Thornberry Tiberi Walberg Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Woodall Yoder Yoho Zinke 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney 
DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross 
Nunes O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stewart Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Walden Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. SANFORD ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 171, noes 250, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) 
Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Farenthold Fincher Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) 
Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren 
Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kline Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) 
Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce 
Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Walberg Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Gowdy Graham Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harper Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meeks Meng Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David 
Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko 
Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Young (IA) Zeldin 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The CHAIR. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 232, noes 189, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman 
Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi 
Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Barr Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan 
Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Zeldin 
Secretary of the Army for Civil Works.’’ After the dollar amount, insert (increased by $30,000,000) (decreased by $30,000,000). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
that was a very specific amendment, and I am going to read that: 
The Secretary shall accept from the Trinity River Authority of Texas, if received by October 31, 2015, $30,191,026 as payment in full of amounts owed to the United States, including any accrued interest, for water supply storage space in Joe Pool Lake, Texas, previously known as Lakeview Lake, under contract No. DACW63–76–C–0106. 
approved by the Corps of Engineers, approved by the Trinity River Authority, and approved by the municipalities that are obligated to purchase water that is stored in this lake. However, only one of those municipalities is actually taking the water, and because of a very high interest rate, it would never be feasible for the water to be taken by the three municipalities that are not taking it. Under this agreement, the Trinity River Authority would pay all principal and accrued interest but at an interest rate of a little over 2 percent. 
The Corps has accepted it. The municipalities have accepted it. The State of Texas has accepted it. It has all been accepted. The committee of authorizing jurisdiction is supportive of it, which is the Transportation Committee. In principle, on policy, the appropriators of the subcommittee on both sides of the aisle are supportive. 
against the amendment as originally drafted. I respect that point of order. I respect the subcommittee chairman and the ranking member, and I respect the full committee chairman, so I have drafted the substitute amendment, which there is no point of order against. I am told that, if accepted, this will have an effect that, if the appropriators support it in principle, the Corps will accept it, and the municipalities will accept it, and we will get this problem solved. 
States Government is going to get all of its money back with interest at the prevailing market rate of the little over 2 percent that exists today. This is not a giveaway. This is literally found money that goes back to the Corps of Engineers, and they, under the leadership of the subcommittee that Mr. SIMPSON and Ms. K APTUR are responsible for, can designate that money however they think it is best to be obligated. 
I ask for the chairman of the subcommittee to enter into a colloquy to see if he accepts this amendment in principle and is willing to work with me and Ms. JOHNSON to implement it in 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I understand what the gentleman would like to do and how it would be helpful to his constituents. I would be happy to continue the discussion of this issue to see if there is anything that this subcommittee can do. I will not oppose this amendment, and I will try to help accomplish this goal that the gentleman is trying to achieve. It is amazing to me that, when everybody agrees on something, how hard it can still be to get it done. 
we are trying to give money to the Federal Government that your subcommittee can use. It is a good amendment. I appreciate your support, Mr. Chairman. 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I seek time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
There was no objection. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas. Let me thank my friend and colleague from my home State of Texas (Mr. BARTON ), who I share the lake 
helped to arrive at this acceptable language for this amendment. 
been scored by the Congressional Budget Office and has a zero score. More importantly, the amendment would provide a revenue for the government. It would make good on unintended consequences that came as a result of a now antiquated metric of calculating costs for such projects. 
In the 1986 WRDA bill, Congress recognized this mistake in its formulas for rates and added a provision allowing for the recalculation of such project rates for ever 5 years, but it was not retroactive. 
Trinity River Authority to make a final payment to the Corps of Engineers, begin providing water supply and storage, and allow the Federal Government to finally begin collecting revenue on this investment. 
contracts are congressionally approved, but this contract was agreed to 
on terms no longer favorable to the U.S. Government. 
valuation of the project, and as it stands, the project will never be completed, and we will never collect on the contract. There is no existing obligation to pay for the completion of the project, so what we have now is a half completed project and no path forward for the government to collect on its investment. 
It has a zero CBO score, and it is a commonsense amendment. 
amendment, and I thank all those who helped us to arrive at this point. 
Mr. BARTON. Is it not true there literally is an escrow account in Texas with $30 million in it that they wish to send to the Federal Government? 
Texas. That is true. They are ready to pay it. 
Texas. Yes, indeed; $30 million is a lot of money for the government these days. 
their subcommittee and the full committee accepts this and works in good faith to actually implement it, that the subcommittee and the full committee can use these unobligated funds in whatever fashion they see best for programs within the jurisdiction of the Corps of Engineers? 
Texas. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move 
member for yielding, and thank you to our ranking member and the chair for the good work that they have done on this bill. 
to those in support of water power and the BonamiciPerryPingree amendment. 
increase in funding for the Department of Energy’s Water Power Program, but that modest increase will make a big difference in developing new sources of clean energy, tidal power, and hydropower from all across the country. 
I have seen this program work firsthand in the State of Maine. Ocean Renewable Power Company has taken advantage of this program and leveraged these modest investments into a company that has created or retained over a hundred jobs in every part of our State and directly pumped over $25 million into our economy. 
jobs in areas where they are needed most, in Eastport, Maine, for example, or in rural villages in Alaska. These projects lower energy prices and create jobs. For some remote communities, creating these new forms of clean energy is a matter of survival. 
These projects are examples of American technology and knowhow at work. By creating homegrown solutions to our energy needs, we are investing in our communities and developing technology that the rest of the world wants to buy from us. Most importantly of all, this allows us to keep the money we spend on energy right here in America. 
supports private sector research and development and implementation of water power technology that creates these jobs and these new sources of clean energy. This modest increase in funding will translate directly into jobs and an increase in the supply of clean renewable energy across the country. 
Ms. KAPTUR. I want to thank Congresswoman PINGREE of Maine for her 
efforts here this evening and for her dedication to renewable energy, including in the tidal arena. 
The Clerk read as follows: At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, carry out, modify, revise, or enforce Executive Order 13690 (entitled ‘‘Establishing a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard and a Process for Further Soliciting and Considering Stakeholder Input’’). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 233, the gentleman from Louisiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
are here today because, with the stroke of a pen, President Obama has threatened decades of work by Americans and local governments to combat flooding. 
a Federal Flood Risk Management Standard that greatly expands the area defined as flood plain and imposes unreasonable standards on any Federal activities in that expanded flood plain. 
The administration crafted this policy in secret, without input on its merits from local officials or stakeholders, those stakeholders that will have to live with this policy. 
The Office of Management and Budget predicts that this standard will significantly increase the cost of living and doing business in all areas that are at any risk of flooding. 
This is just another case of the President imposing his climate change politics on hardworking Americans. This 
new standard will have a real devastating impact on communities throughout the country. 
amendment that will prohibit funding for this woefully shortsighted executive order. 
administration continues to rule using executive orders and a topdown approach without taking stakeholder voices into account. That is arbitrary, and it is just wrong. 
Standard is a case in point established by executive order. The President solicited no public input on its merits before charging full speed ahead. This is horrible for Louisiana. It will be devastating for our coastal communities, inhibiting their ability to grow and develop. 
like disaster preparedness assistance and Federal highway and housing aid; yet no costbenefit analysis was ever undertaken. This is just not the way things are supposed to work around here. 
are concerned not only with the content of this, but the flybynight process by which this revision was proposed, to support our amendment and send a message to the administration that this will not stand. 
colleague, Mr. A BRAHAM , for his leadership on this issue. 
proposal, the way it came about, there was not the right kind of planning and the right kind of feedback, the right kind of working with people who have been working hard on flood protection 
President, if it were implemented, would actually make it harder to build flood protection projects. Why would the President want to bring forward a proposal that is going to make it harder for people to protect their homes from flooding? 
problem; this impacts the entire Nation. There are people all around the country that would not only be threatened by the inability to build stronger flood protection, but this would also lead to dramatic increases in insurance rates on homeowners. 
only a solution in search of a problem; this is going to be a dangerous proposal that will have dramatically devastating impacts on families all across this Nation. 
This is a proposal that needs to be reversed. I support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). 
Chairman, I want to thank Congressman ABRAHAM for bringing this amendment up. 
making our communities more resilient and our ecosystem more resilient. In this case, we are taking a standard that is universally considered to be a 100year standard and bumping it, in many cases, to a 500year standard. 
gone through and tried to establish maps to determine a 100year standard. We found areas where they are 6 feet off where they should be, yet we are going to try and go to a 500year standard. I remind you, our Nation hasn’t even been around that long. 
when you combine this proposed executive order with the Waters of the U.S. proposal that clearly states that flood plains are within the jurisdiction of the Federal Government, you suddenly grossly expand the Federal Government’s jurisdiction over private property and prevent or obstruct or increase the cost of development on that private property. 
state that in December of last year, Congress raised strong concern about this, about the huge implications of this and, therefore, they put a provision in law that required that input from stakeholders occur before this executive order be put forth, and that was ignored. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
that floods are among the most costly and frequent of all nature’s hazards. 
States suffered more than $260 billion worth of floodrelated damages. Flooding accounts for approximately 85 percent of all disaster declarations in the country. And on average, more people die annually from flooding than any other natural disaster. I can tell you that even in the Midwest, which isn’t one of the coastal communities, we have more significant storms of late and more rainfall and more flooding to deal with. 
The costs borne by the Federal taxpayer by flooding exceed any other natural hazard. Losses caused by flooding impact our economic prosperity, public health and safety, and our national security by straining disaster response resources and increasing the frequency and cost of disaster relief. 
FEMA has to spend to try to clean up everything from basements to neighborhoods, oh, my goodness. The millions and millions of dollars that go out, the billions of dollars that go out the door because of these disasters around the country related to flooding is huge. 
Flooding risks are anticipated to increase over time due to the continued occupation of floodprone areas, the impacts of climate change, and other threats. That damage can be particularly severe to our Nation’s infrastructure, including our buildings, roads, ports, industrial facilities, and even our coastal military installations. 
I actually have traveled to Louisiana, and my heart goes out to the people of New Orleans and all of the surrounding areas for what they suffered. But I can tell you, I was shocked to see that there were decisions made for land planning to absolutely rebuild where all the damage had occurred. I even made suggestions in the Ninth Ward inside New Orleans. I said: Why don’t you leave that open for agriculture, so that when you get another big threat from the ocean, you won’t harm as many people? It was as though no one wanted to listen. 
Well, God bless everyone, because nature we can’t control. She does what she wants. 
flexibility to select the best approach for establishing the flood elevation and hazard area they use in siting, design, and construction: utilizing the best available actionable data and methods that integrate current and future changes in flooding based on science and experience; 2 or 3 feet of elevation, depending on the criticality of the building itself, above the 100year, or 1 
percent, annual chance flood elevation; or a 500year, or 0.2 percent, annual chance flood elevation. 
The new flood standard will help reduce the risk and costs and, frankly, loss of life of future flood disasters by providing a margin of safety so that federally funded structures, facilities, and infrastructure last as long as intended. 
living responsibly with the land and the forces of nature to pay for those who want to live irresponsibly with those same forces? 
It seems to me that one of the most 
costeffective things we can do is to be sensible about our land planning for the future, so that we avoid the harm to human life and our built environment. We are more intelligent, we hope, than we were a century ago. We have a lot more data. We have a lot more experience, and it should influence our decisions from now into the future. 
colleagues to join me. Let’s be responsible in this new century and minimize the harm, both to human life as well as taxpayers’ pocketbooks. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, the 
good, hardworking people that live in these areas that would be affected now have not incurred floods in their lifetimes or in their generations of lifetimes before them, but this would impact some States up to 40 percent of their total landmass. 
This is unacceptable. Cost of flood insurance would go astronomically high in some cases. Federal overburden would again be an issue, and businesses could not function. Even existing businesses would be put out of business. 
congressional intent in the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2015 by crafting the Federal Flood Risk Management Standard without consulting the necessary officials and basing it on some climate issues that have no scientific basis at this point. 
and federally financed development in areas considered flood plain. This means certification and accreditation of new and improved levees, issuance of section 404 Clean Water Act permits, issuance of federally backed mortgages, issuance of grants, construction of new transportation projects, and on and on would be affected. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ). 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
let me thank again the chairman of the subcommittee and the ranking member for their courtesy and, as well, for the work that they have done on this legislation. 
the 113th in the FY 2013 Energy and Water Resources. It is a continuing effort to ensure that we focus on the need for science, technology, engineering, and math among minority populations in the United States. 
funds made available for science in title III of the Department of Energy programs to be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act, and addresses the need to increase programs that educate minorities in science, technology, engineering, and math. 
Some almost 20 years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton, in an executive order, directed Federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and low income populations. 
provide equal access in these opportunities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. 
make up 70 percent of college students but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. 
shifting, as more and more of our children come of age, it is important that we continue to focus on improving the numbers of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. It is good for the country. 
commitment, which will increase the Nation’s economic competitiveness and enable our people to realize their full potential. 
many scientific riddles to be solved, and the more people we have trained in the sciences, the more competitive our Nation will be; and the more we invest in underserved communities, the more competitive our Nation will be. 
STEM educators and more minorities to qualify for them. So I ask my colleagues to ensure that we continue this very important focus and emphasize the continued investment improving access to science, technology, engineering, and math to, in essence, solve, 
or help solve, the scientific riddles that continue to be before us to improve the quality of life of all Americans. 
Jackson Lee amendment, which invests in STEM in America for those who are underserved and whose lives could be enhanced by these programs. 
describe my amendment, which simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ 
This amendment was approved and adopted in identical form on June 5, 2012, during the 112th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 5325, the Energy and Water Resources Appropriations Act of 2013. 
Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman Simpson and Ranking Member Kaptur for their stewardship in bringing this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. 
11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and lowincome populations. 
equal access in these opportunities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. 
70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. 
This large pool of untapped talent is a great 
and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. 
commitment which will increase the nation’s economic competitiveness and enable more of our people to realize their full potential. 
Mr. Chair, there are still a great many scientific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biologist will comeup with some of the solutions. 
STEM educators and more minorities to qualify for them. 
The energy and science education programs funded in part by this bill will help ensure that members of underrepresented communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustainability, preservation, and health. 
environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. 
teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. 
and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy programs. 
and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. 
we can increase diversity, provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. 
more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. 
My amendment will help ensure that underrepresented communities are able to participate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. 
I ask my colleagues to join me and support 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . ROTHFUS  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to apply the report entitled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Exporting Liquefied Natural Gas from the United States’’, published in the Federal Register on June 4, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 32260), in any public interest determination under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment that will keep America’s energy economy growing and keep goodpaying jobs coming to gasproducing regions across the country, including western Pennsylvania. 
The natural gas boom is transforming local economies across the country, and it is creating a new wave of opportunity for hardworking Americans who want to earn a living and provide for their families. 
us to safely harness our tremendous energy resources, turning the United States into a breakout success story as the world’s top natural gas producer. Countries in Europe and Asia, many of which are our allies, are eager to tap this abundant supply of affordable American energy. They consider America to be a much more attractive business partner and a safer alternative to their reliance on belligerent, energy rich countries, like Russia. 
Given the abundance of domestic natural gas resources, especially in the 
Marcellus shale region, American energy companies are eager to accept more business and stand ready to fulfill the global demand. 
help energy producers succeed so they can continue to grow, hire more workers, and bring prosperity back to our American cities. 
to energy exports and help domestic energy producers cut through the bureaucratic red tape that threatens to put a stranglehold on continued economic growth. 
unnecessary challenges to these increased energy exports on environmental grounds. Specifically, my provision would prevent the Department of Energy from using its report entitled ‘‘Life Cycle Greenhouse Gas Perspective on Exporting Liquefied Natural Gas’’ in any public interest determination under the Natural Gas Act. 
this DOE report and many of its arbitrary determinations may now be used to slowwalk or completely block muchneeded liquefied natural gas export approvals. Identical language was proposed and included in last year’s Energy and Water and Related Agencies appropriations bill by thenRepresentative BILLCASSIDY from Louisiana. 
hard work and support, and I urge all my colleagues who support an allof theabove approach to American energy independence to vote ‘‘yea’’ on this amendment so we can keep our energy sector booming. 
company wants to export liquefied natural gas, LNG, it has to submit an application with the Department of Energy. For export to countries with a free trade agreement with the United States, the Department of Energy must grant the applications without modification or delay. For export to countries without a free trade agreement, the Department of Energy must approve an export application unless it finds that the proposed export will not be consistent with the public interest. 
To make this determination, the Department of Energy evaluates a range of factors when reviewing an application, including economic impacts, international considerations, U.S. energy security, and environmental effects. 
the Department of Energy from even considering one of the most important factors; that is, the impact of LNG exports on climate change. 
The world’s leading scientists are unequivocal: climate change is already happening on all continents and across the oceans and will get much worse if 
we do not act to cut our emissions of carbon and other greenhouse gas gases. That means that we need to scrutinize the energy infrastructure decisions that we make today for their impacts on climate change in the future. 
export terminal has climate implications. We need to understand and weigh those effects. 
positive or negative impact on global greenhouse gas emissions is a complex but critical question. Natural gas combustion for electricity emits less carbon pollution than coal. And that is good. Proponents of LNG exports argue that these exports will displace coal consumption in other countries, which could produce a climate benefit. That is good. 
gas prices in the United States, which could increase coal consumption and carbon pollution from coalfired power plants. LNG exports also would drive new domestic natural gas production in the United States. 
you, this would increase emissions of methane, a potent greenhouse gas, unless we take measures to control that pollution at the wellhead and throughout the natural gas system. It is a great problem to have but one we need to meet. 
need to understand and consider the climate impacts of key energy policy decisions, such as building new LNG export terminals and exporting America’s natural gas. 
headinthesand approach, I am sorry to say. The Department of Energy has completed a report examining lifecycle carbon emissions from LNG. This amendment says that the Department of Energy can’t consider those findings of climate impacts when making a public interest determination. Considering climate impacts is not going to slow down the review process. It makes no sense to require the Department of Energy to make a determination without the benefit of all the facts. 
Let’s make enlightened decisions. Ignoring climate change will not make it go away. Quite the opposite. 
amendment. Let’s move to the future, not the past. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, it has 
been the practice of this administration to stall, stall, stall, delay, delay, delay. We have had tremendous growth in our economy in western Pennsylvania and in Ohio, for that matter, given the natural gas boom that is going on. 
now. We see drillers even slowing down, which is affecting jobs in the gas areas. Fewer wells are being drilled. 
has, with its arbitrary determinations, to, again, slowwalk approvals, which 
is what we have been seeing with the administration—meanwhile, allies in Eastern Europe are literally being held hostage to Russia—this natural gas will be used. Natural gas will be used by these countries in Eastern Europe. They are going to use Russia’s natural gas or they want to use American natural gas. 
So, again, I would encourage adoption of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and industrial base. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Washington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer a simple and straightforward amendment to this year’s Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations bill. 
included a provision in the Department of Defense Appropriations bill to require that military agencies purchase anchor and mooring chain from American manufacturers. 
this requirement also applies to anchor and mooring chain purchased by the Army Corps of Engineers. Everyone in this Chamber can agree that taxpayer dollars should be used to buy goods manufactured right here at home whenever possible. 
While our economy continues to recover, it is imperative that we protect and support Americans’ production capabilities. Doing so not only supports employment opportunities for Americans, but also reinforces our national security. 
have long recognized the importance of maintaining a strong industrial base 
right here in America. While I understand that we must balance our procurement needs with shrinking budgets, we should not be putting foreign workers ahead of Americans. 
way to protect a critical production capability, support our manufacturing industry, and put American workers first. I urge my colleagues to support it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used for the removal of any Federally owned or operated dam. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer an amendment that will help prevent future floods, as well as protect valuable water storage and hydropower systems throughout the country. 
amendment will prevent any funds in this bill from being used to remove any federally owned or operated dams. In recent years, extremist environmental groups have increased efforts to dismantle and remove Federal dams. These efforts defy common sense, particularly at a time of major water challenges across the West and with an increasing need for clean, renewable hydropower. 
seen these attempts firsthand, and I am grateful for Congressman NEWHOUSE ’s leadership in coleading 
Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation operated dams is utilized by millions of Americans every day and represents the largest source of renewable energy in this country. 
that provide navigation, hydropower, and important recreational benefits. Fringe efforts to remove these dams are not only misguided, but extremely dangerous. Many of these dams are essential components for flood controls, strategic water storage, and lifesustaining irrigation for millions of acres of American agriculture. 
these dams to supply their drinking water and to support their livelihoods. The vital water, energy, economic, and ecological benefits provided by these federally owned and operated dams must be protected. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues 
to support the Corps of Engineers infrastructure and to support this amendment. The Corps of Engineers and the Bureau of Reclamation have both indicated they have no plans to remove any dams in fiscal year 2016, and both agencies don’t have any issues with this amendment. 
also signed off on and support the amendment. Any emergency removals will be made by a different authorization or appropriation. 
years currently transpiring in the West, there is no logical reason to oppose the commonsense GosarNewhouse amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ), my friend. 
of the GosarNewhouse amendment which would prohibit any funds in this act from being used for purposes of removing Federal dams, which are a vital component of the water infrastructure in the West. 
his hard work on this issue which is so important, given the devastating drought conditions facing most of the Western United States. According to the U.S. Drought Monitor for March 31, 2015, all or significant portions of 11 Western States, including the State of Washington, are suffering from severe to exceptional drought. 
facing my State and many other States in the West, now is not the time to consider removing Federal dams. These dams provide important hydropower in my State and also have conservation, recreation, and navigation benefits. 
dams play a pivotal role in water storage, irrigation, and flood control. They also help ensure many rural and agricultural communities in the West have access to clean water supplies, providing critically important irrigation for countless agricultural operations and millions of acres of farmland. 
decades; and, with the West facing a possible 100year drought, now is not the time to destroy and remove these assets which benefit all of us. Removing this vital infrastructure would have a devastating impact on communities, farms, and businesses throughout the West. 
help ensure States like mine are not additionally burdened as we work to deal with impacts of mounting water shortages and drastic drought conditions. 
to join me in supporting this amendment, and I would like to thank my good friend from Arizona for his hard work on this. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
the gentleman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to 
express the opinion, though I will not oppose the amendment, because there are no funds in the bill for dam removal, and I wanted to just clarify that for the RECORD , Mr. Chairman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, as required by Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals: 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for: commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is identical to other amendments that were inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill that was considered under an open rule during the 113th Congress, as well as one yesterday. 
of parties with whom the Federal Government is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of contractors. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment to save taxpayer money, help the Department of Energy avoid duplicative programs, and ensure the agency’s limited resources are focused on programs directly related to its mission to ensure energy security for the United States. 
This simple amendment would prohibit the use of funds to be used for the proposed Climate Model Development and Validation program within the Department of Energy. This exact same amendment passed this body by a voice vote last year, and this year, I am also proud again to offer this commonsense policy. 
of this new program has been recognized by several outside spending watchdog groups. This amendment proposal has been supported in the past by the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, The American Conservative Union, Eagle Forum, and the Taxpayers Protection Alliance. 
Mr. Chairman, the House of Representatives already declined to fund the proposed climate model program in fiscal years 2014 and 2015. In previous years, the committee has proactively included language in the committee report to prohibit funding for this new program. However, such language does not exist in this year’s report, making this amendment even more necessary. 
the House of Representatives must continue its firm position that we should not be wasting precious taxpayer resources on new programs that compete with the private sector and are funded by private investment. 
another new addition to the President’s evergrowing list of duplicative global programs that have been instituted and funded all over the Federal Government in recent years. 
The nonpartisan Congressional Research Service estimates this administration has already squandered $77 billion from fiscal year 2008 through fiscal year 2013 studying and trying to develop global climate change regulations. 
Earth’s climate and how and why Earth’s climate is changing can be of value, it is not central to the Department’s mission and is already being done by dozens of government, academic, business, and nonprofit organizations across the globe. 
is being done to research, model, and forecast climate change trends by other areas in the government, in the private sector, and internationally, funding for this specific piece of President Obama’s climate agenda is not only redundant, but is also inefficient. 
I thank the chairman, ranking member, and committee for their work on this bill. This amendment is about effective use of taxpayer money, and I ask my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment that passed this same body just last year. 
blocks funding for the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program. This is climate science denial at its worst. 
The world’s top scientific institutions are telling us that we have a rapidly closing window to reduce our carbon pollution before the catastrophic impacts of climate change cannot be avoided. 
0.8 degrees Celsius, and we are already seeing the effects of climate change. Most scientists agree that 2 degrees Celsius is the maximum amount we can warm without really dangerous effects, although many scientists now believe that even 2 degrees is far too much, given the effects we are already seeing. But absent dramatic action, we are on track to warm 4 to 6 degrees Celsius by midcentury. That is more than 10 degrees Fahrenheit. 
concluded that if the world does not take action to reduce carbon pollution by 2017, just 3 years from now, then it will be virtually impossible to limit warming to 2 degrees Celsius. 
are multiple lines of evidence, including direct measurements. But scientists also use sophisticated computer models of how the atmosphere and oceans work and how they respond to different atmosphere concentrations of heattrapping gases. For projections of future emissions and their impacts, scientists have made numerous advances by collaborating across academic fields, including climatology, chemistry, biology, economics, energy dynamics, agriculture, scenario building, and risk management. These projections are critical, as they provide guideposts to understand how quickly and how steeply the world needs to cut carbon pollution in order to avoid the worst effects of climate change. 
The goal of the Department of Energy’s Climate Model Development and Validation program is to further improve the reliability of climate models and equip policymakers and citizens with tools to predict the current and future effects of climate change, such as sea level rise, which we know is happening, extreme weather events, and drought. 
program. It says no to enhancing the reliability of our climate models. It says no to improving our understanding of how the climate is changing. It says no to informing policymakers about the consequences of unmitigated climate change. That is absolutely irresponsible. 
The amazing thing is the base bill already zeroes out funding for this program. But apparently that wasn’t enough to satisfy the Republicans’ climate denial. So Mr. GOSAR has offered 
this amendment to just reiterate the point that the House Republicans reject the overwhelming scientific evidence about climate change. 
redundant amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
interesting that we have numerous universities already doing this duplicative study, like the University of Michigan, like the University of Colorado Boulder, like Harvard University, the University of Arizona, the University of Chicago, the University of California— Berkeley—hardly squandering research. 
program, and that is exactly what we are doing. I want to find out exactly this climate model change that we have been seeing over and over with time, but it is best to be done by those universities and those who are already there. 
regards to the finances that we find this country in. Duplicative services from the Department of Energy should be on their mission statement, and that is dependable energy for this country. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
‘‘Corps of EngineersCivil—Construction’’ for additional funding for ongoing work on authorized projects (except for Flood and Storm Damage Reduction, Navigation, and Environmental Infrastructure projects) there is appropriated, and the amount otherwise made available for such account is hereby reduced by, $10,000,000. 
this Act for ‘‘Corps of EngineersCivil—Construction’’ in excess of $276,117,000 may be used for additional funding for ongoing work on Flood and Storm Damage Reduction projects. 
Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the Army Corps of Engineers construction general account permits the Corps to enter into agreements with local governments and municipalities to reimburse these entities for certain funds. This allows cities across the country in both Republican and Democratic districts to take on public works projects and leverage the fact that they will later be reimbursed by the Federal Government. 
millions, hundreds of millions of dollars are owed to localities across the country, and the account to pay them back this year is slated to have only $10 million in it. Last year, that amount was $25 million. It has gone down by $15 million. 
So for just a second, I want to give 
you an example of a wonderful public project in my hometown of San Antonio, Texas. The San Antonio River Authority, or SARA, recently undertook a sizable project along the San Antonio River, called the Mission Reach Ecosystem Restoration project. It has been an effort to extend, both to the north and the south, the wonderful San Antonio River Walk in San Antonio, Texas, one of the crown jewels for tourism and culture in our city. Despite the fact that this project was completed sometime ago, the city is still owed much money from the Corps. 
This is just one example of a wonderful public project where the Federal Government owes our cities or local entities a substantial amount of money. There are other examples in Texas, in Harris County, the Brays Bayou project in Harris County, where $146,885,000 is pending; the White Oak Bayou project in Harris County, where $73 million is pending; also, the Lower Colorado River Basin, Onion Creek, in 
Austin has $5 million pending. I know there is a big project in Florida. 
attempt to expedite getting these local agencies paid back because they are owed so much money. I know that as we do our budget and we do our appropriations, we are talking about doling out money in the future to fund programs, but these are projects that were already completed with the promise that they would be reimbursed. They have not been reimbursed to the tune of millions and millions of dollars. 
I hope that as a gesture of good faith 
we can increase this account by $10 million. Bear in mind, that would still be $5 million less than was dedicated to this account in the last year. 
claim time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The CHAIR. Does the gentleman continue to reserve his point of order? 
time. So you could yield time to the gentleman. 
I would be glad to yield time. How much time do I have? 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
Mr. HURD of Texas. I thank my colleague for yielding time. 
Texas, when you make a deal with someone, you look him in the eye and shake his hand, honor the agreement, and keep your word. 
Corps of Engineers has been making deals throughout the country. Yet, in many instances, despite project cooperation agreements, the Corps has failed to honor its end of the bargain. Many State, local, and municipal entities have advanced funding or paid out of their pockets to help better their communities with the understanding that the Federal Government would reimburse them. This is what happened in my hometown of San Antonio. 
This amendment would limit expenditure on flood and storm damage reduction to $10 million less and would add $10 million to the ‘‘other authorized purposes’’ item in the committee report. This is a matter of fairness to our communities, and if we cannot proceed with this bipartisan amendment, I hope the chairman will work with us going forward. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my point of order. 
that I am sympathetic to the intention of what he is trying to do here. The gentleman seeks to show support for additional funding for projects that are important to his district and to his constituents, and I understand that. 
not the gentleman’s intent, the amendment would limit all funding for the construction of flood control projects to no more than $276 million. That is a cut of almost $500 million in flood control projects. I would hope that we would all agree that that is unacceptable. Even as intended, though, I must oppose the amendment. 
The President’s budget request increased funding for environmental projects above the fiscal year 2015 level while slashing funding for flood control projects by almost $300 million. In this bill, on the other hand, we were able to restore the flood control funding, and we did it without slashing the funding for environmental projects. 
I would, respectfully, ask my colleagues to vote against this amendment even though I understand what the gentleman is trying to do. We would be more than willing to work with him—with both of you—in trying to address this issue as we move this process forward. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Chairman, 
I know the appropriations process is a tough one. You are making difficult choices among many things. 
account, as you know, there have been funds that have gone unallocated in recent years in this very account from which I withdraw. Again, our local agencies in Republican and Democratic districts have already committed these funds with the promise that they would be reimbursed. A failure to reimburse them is essentially saying that we are going to stiff them on money that we said that we would pay them. This is a very small amount given the amount of money that is owed by the Corps to our local agencies. 
I would ask you for your reconsideration now, and certainly, as I know how Congressman HURDfeels and many 
others, I would ask for your help in remedying this situation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I understand what he is trying to do, and I sympathize with what you are trying to do. You are correct in that the funds remain unallocated in the 
for some reason, the administration is dragging its feet on allocating these funds. It is not because the funds are not needed or cannot be used. In fact, the bill includes language to try to correct this problem. But I can’t support increasing funding for environmental projects at the expense of projects that improve public safety and protect our communities. 
the opportunity to work with the committee, and I will work with you to try to address this issue as we move forward. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The CHAIR. The question is on the 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CASTRO ). 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to finalize, promulgate, or enforce the Department of Energy’s proposed rule entitled ‘‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Furnaces’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 48: March 12, 2015). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the Department of Energy has proposed new rulemaking that will eliminate the use of noncondensing natural gas home furnaces. 
$350 more than noncondensing furnaces and require as much as $2,200 in additional installation costs. The DOE itself has estimated that it will cost the American consumer up to $12 billion to install condensing furnaces nationwide. The upfront costs of installing a natural gas condensing furnace may force families to switch to alternative furnaces which are cheaper to install but that cost more to operate. Home furnaces fail and need to be replaced when people are most likely to use them—in the middle of the winter when it is cold outside. Families shouldn’t have to face increased costs to replace their natural gas furnaces to get the heat flowing back into their homes. 
Furthermore, the proposed rule creates a nationwide standard that fails to take into account the different climate zones throughout the country. The Department of Energy has proposed a onesizefitsall approach that unfairly punishes Americans living in warmer climate zones such as the Southeast. This means that the payback period for the installation of condensing furnaces 
in the warmer climate zones will be much longer than in the colder zones. 
My amendment to this appropriations bill will prevent the Department of Energy from using funds to finalize, promulgate, or enforce the proposed rule. 
by the American Gas Association, the American Public Gas Association, the Home Builders Association, the Indoor Environment and Energy Efficiency Coalition, the Air Condition, Heating, and Refrigeration Institute, and the heating and aircondition and refrigerating distributors. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
opposition to the Blackburn amendment because it would prevent the Department of Energy from issuing long needed efficiency standards for residential furnaces. In the end, that will only hurt consumers and needlessly waste energy. 
The current standards, which are essentially 25 years old, leave consumers with higher utility bills than are necessary. Further delays to the furnace rule will allow this situation to continue indefinitely. The new DOE standard would cut energy waste, saving consumers more than $600 over the lifetime of their furnaces. On a national level, that will work out to savings between $4 billion to $19 billion. The proposed DOE standard does not apply to furnaces that are already in use. It grandfathers them or it doesn’t apply to repairs that can be made to existing furnaces. 
Blackburn amendment would be especially negative for lowincome households. Many lowincome people who are renters do not get to choose the furnaces that heat their homes. Property owners will generally choose the lowest cost furnace even if that furnace will result in higher energy bills. In the end, it is the lowincome renters who are stuck with the gas bills from the inefficient furnace. The DOE standard would help ensure all Americans can benefit from lower energy bills thanks to increased efficiency. 
more natural gas than other rules to date and would, therefore, deliver large, cumulative greenhouse gas emission reductions at a cost savings to everyone. The Blackburn amendment would throw away that opportunity. 
things to be worked out with the regulation, and we should move toward that end, but what the industry needs and what the consumers need is certainty going forward, so everyone can plan to build and install the latest and most efficient technology. We should 
energy, and let’s not waste money and consumer savings that will result. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
am so pleased that my friend and colleague mentioned cost because I want to point out, again, what it would cost. These furnaces cost $350 more and require as much as $2,200 additional in installation cost. 
In addition to that, there are alterations that are needed to existing homes for venting purposes. Those cost estimates are $2,550 per home just for the venting that is necessary for these. 
Chairman, that is too expensive to afford. The cost on this is astronomical. Even DOE itself says the cost to the American consumer is $12 billion to install these furnaces. 
lifetime of this, you are going to save an amount. I think that this is one of those areas where you look at how much it is going to cost. 
widely supported. I encourage support for the Blackburn amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this is an amendment that I bring every year. I told Chairman SIMPSON  
that I knew he was delighted to see me back on the floor again this year with the amendment for the 1 percent acrosstheboard spending cut. 
its hard work in cutting, and it is important to note that the proposed funding levels for this appropriations bill this year is $35.4 billion, which is $633 million below the President’s budget request. 
in our Nation with our debt, I think my 1 percent spending reduction, which will save taxpayers an additional $356 million, is something that is necessary, and it is a step that we need to take. 
the appropriators aren’t standing in favor of the 1 percent acrosstheboard cuts. In fact, when I offered this amendment to last year’s bill, I was told that cuts of this magnitude, quite honestly, go far too deep. 
the fact that we need to be cutting another penny out of a dollar, that is not too deep because our debt is something that is damaging our Nation’s security. 
the greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our growing national debt. Because of that, we need to do a little bit more every time we come to the floor for appropriations to get this $18.2 trillion debt under control. 
board spending cuts effectively control the growth and cost of the Federal Government. They not only give agencies flexibility to determine which expenses are necessary, but more importantly, they don’t pick winners and losers. 
board cuts, many of our Governors support them, Republican and Democrat. When I was in the State senate in Tennessee, we couldn’t adjourn that until we balanced the budget. That is why our States are controlling their debts, reining in their expenses, and our Federal Government is not. 
print more money, run up more debt. It is time to get it under control. Saving another penny on a dollar is a necessary step. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman from Tennessee’s consistency. 
We have seen a lot of these amendments. The problem is with the debate. You would think that we were not doing anything to reduce this deficit, that we were not cutting spending. The reality is the only committee in Congress that is actually cutting spending is the Appropriations Committee, and we have been cutting spending for the last 4 years. 
today meets with and falls within the budget resolution that was just adopted earlier this day, and, if we had wanted to reduce everything by 1 percent again, then we should have adopted a different budget resolution. 
It is easy to say let’s just take one 
penny out of every dollar. Who can’t do that? We have taken much more than one penny out of every dollar as we have cut spending more and more in the appropriations process by the Appropriations Committee. 
It is not that we don’t want to reduce 
spending; we are reducing spending, but, of course, we could cut one more cent out of every dollar we spend. Who couldn’t do that? Then we will have a new baseline. You know what? Then we 
ought to cut one penny out of every dollar at that baseline. You know what? Then we will have another baseline, and we can cut one more penny out of that. 
are trying to look at the needs of the agencies that we fund, reduce spending, and set priorities. 
her consistent work to protect taxpayers dollars, this is not an approach that I can support. 
While the President may have proposed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with proposals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes the tough choices within an allocation that adheres to the current law. 
made—and difficult tradeoffs were made—there are accounts in this bill that I think we ought to be spending more money on. There are accounts in this bill that I think we ought to be spending less money on that are a higher priority to some other Members of Congress. That is kind of the nature of how the appropriations process 
critical infrastructure. The President cut $750 million—around that—out of the harbor maintenance trust fund. In trying to secure our inland waterways and our harbors for the commerce that our economy needs, we replaced that, which means we had to make even more difficult cuts in a lot of these agencies. 
weighed for their respective impacts and their responsibility; yet the gentlelady’s amendment would propose an acrosstheboard cut on every one of these programs. 
where we need to be spending or investing our infracture, promote jobs, and meet our national security needs and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals. 
gentlewoman’s consistent effort in making sure that we keep focused on addressing what is the number one problem in this country, and that is the debt this country faces, and this committee has been doing that. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I move 
Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I am 
have a robust economy, where everybody is helping to pull the ship forward. That isn’t the case right now. 
the largest recession since the Great Depression. America’s chief strategic vulnerability throughout this period of time—for actually over a quarter century now—and our largest area of economic loss is energy. 
since 2003, our country has spent $2.3 trillion importing foreign petroleum. That is just petroleum. That is not a country that is selfreliant. That is a country that deeply needs energy security here at home. 
less investment in the sector most critical to helping us right this hole that we have dug for ourselves. 
had been spent in this country, the number of jobs we would have, the greater amount of income and revenue we would have flowing into people’s pockets and also into the public sector where we have to pay the bills? 
on the energy front, this amendment will be less investment in water resources, and we have $62 billion worth of Army Corps projects alone that have sat on the shelf. We have no new starts in this bill. That is not a country on the grow. That is a country in retrenchment. 
So this amendment, it isn’t a 50 percent cut. It is meant to send a signal. I say to the gentlelady, as I said to the chair of the Ways and Means Committee today who turned away from me and walked to the back of the Chamber, you know, it is pretty hard to balance a budget when not everybody is at work, their wages have been cut, the middle class has shrunk, but then you don’t put revenues on the table. 
these transnational corporations have operating offshore aren’t bringing their money home. They are holding it over there. 
He walked away from me, the chairman of the Ways and Means Committee. It was a rather interesting conversation. 
do this alone, and we certainly shouldn’t do it in sectors where America truly is hurting. 
At a time when unemployed Americans are losing jobless benefits and many young families struggle just to survive, we should be creating jobs and securing the American Dream, starting with a selfreliant energy future. 
This bill underfunds that. The chairman has spoken eloquently to that. And it harms American economic 
security, and it damages those portions of our budget that are critical to our national security: vital weapons programs, our Naval research reactor research, and nonproliferation funding. 
forward to achieve progress for our country again and not retrenchment. 
So I oppose the gentlelady’s amendment. I think she has the right spirit, but I think she is looking in the wrong place in terms of what we face as a country. I oppose her amendment. 
am just so delighted that my friend mentioned what we need is a robust economy because I agree. 
The Obama economy has been abysmal and has been terrible for our country. And you are exactly right. The middle class has shrunk. Wages have been cut. All that has happened. 
and tired of it, and they would like to get this country moving again. And the Obama economy has caused many of the problems that are in front of us. 
I am so pleased, too, that she mentioned the $2.3 trillion that we have spent importing oil. If you look at who has been importing a lot of that oil, 
OPEC, exporting that to us. OPEC is one of the top five holders of our debt. That adds to both our energy security and our national security problems. Mr. Chairman, it is time to open up our lands and drill here and drill now. 
Now, quite frankly, a penny on a dollar is another way to engage rankand file employees. I have seen it work at the State level. I know other States have used that, as I said. Both Democrat and Republican Governors have done it. My State of Tennessee did this as we reduced the size and growth of the budget in our State. 
By the way, we had to do it because 
we were the test case for Hillary Clinton’s healthcare plan, and that just threw our budget all out of whack. 
Do they send the right message? Absolutely. Do they engage the rank and file? You better believe it. Are they a step toward getting outofcontrol spending under control? Yes, they are, and we need to do that. 
country, right now, has over $56,000 worth of debt that they would be responsible for. That is a per person load for our $18.2 trillion worth of debt. We have got $18.2 trillion worth of debt, and we can’t cut another penny out of a dollar? 
They have the right focus. I think that what we do is give them another little push, engage the bureaucracy—which, by the way, they are not having to make the cuts that men and women and small businesses are having to make. It is the fair thing to do. I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). 
Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from Missouri and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
from extreme flooding to extreme drought, the Missouri River basin has been hit very hard over the past few years. The families who live and work along the Missouri River have endured great hardships, and these events serve to highlight the importance of maintaining effective flood control infrastructure. 
greatest resources, the Missouri River would produce extreme, erosive, regular flooding and be mostly unfit for navigation if not for aggressive long term management by the Army Corps of Engineers. 
Congress first authorized the Missouri River Bank Stabilization and Navigation Project, BSNP, in 1912, with the intention of mitigating flood risk and maintaining a navigable channel from Sioux City, Iowa, to the mouth of the river in St. Louis. Though the BSNP’s construction was completed in the 1980s, the Corps’ ability to make adjustments as needed remain crucial to this day. 
2015 budget, requested $47 million for the Missouri River Recovery Program, which would primarily go towards the funding of environmental restoration studies and projects. This funding dwarfs the insufficient $9 million that was requested for the entire operations and maintenance of the aforementioned BSNP. 
It is preposterous to think that environmental projects are more important than the protection of human life. I do not take for granted the importance of 
river ecosystems. I grew up near the Missouri River, as did so many of the people I represent, yet we have reached a point in our Nation in which we value the welfare of fish and birds more than the welfare of our fellow human beings. Our priorities are backwards, Mr. Chairman. 
Missouri River Ecosystem Recovery Program, or MRERP, a study that has become little more than a tool of the environmentalists for the promotion of returning the river to its most natural state, with little regard for the flood control, navigation, trade, power generation, or the people who depend on the Missouri River for their livelihoods. 
The end of the study will in no way 
jeopardize the Corps’ ability to meet the requirements of the Endangered Species Act. MRERP is one of no fewer than 70 environmental and ecological studies focused on the Missouri River. 
take years to complete and are ultimately inconclusive, are the very people who have lost their farms, their businesses, and their homes. 
constituents that this Congress is aware of the gross disparity between the funding for environmental efforts and the funding for the protection of our citizens. This exact amendment has been passed by voice vote during the debate in the last three fiscal year appropriations bills, which were ultimately signed into law by President Obama. It is supported by the American Waterways Operators, the Coalition to Protect the Missouri River, the Missouri Farm Bureau, and the Missouri Corn Growers. 
It is time for Congress to take a serious look at the water bill and funding priorities, and it is time we send a message to our Federal entities that manage our waterways. 
amendment and support our Nation’s river communities and encourage more balance and Federal funding for water infrastructure and management. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). 
by this Act may be used to purchase water to supplement or enhance the instream flow requirements in the State of California that are mandated under the Endangered Species Act of 1973, the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, or the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
hydrologists tell us that California is facing the worst drought in 1,200 years. With the rain season officially over, our snowpack is just 3 percent of normal, and many reservoirs are already drawn down perilously. Californians are now threatened with draconian fines if they take too long in the shower. 
of Reclamation from purchasing scarce water in California in the midst of this catastrophic drought for the purpose of dumping it in rivers to adjust the water temperature to nudge baby fish to swim into the ocean. 
exactly what the Bureau of Reclamation has been doing throughout this drought. It is using money taken from families’ taxes in order to purchase water that is desperately needed by these same families and then literally dumping it down the drain in front of them. 
scarcity of water while forcing the price of our remaining supplies even higher. It also makes a mockery of the sacrifices that every Californian is making to stretch every drop of water in their homes. And it undermines the moral authority of the government to demand further conservation from the people when it is squandering water so outrageously itself. 
Bureau is spending for this purpose because they don’t account for how their purchased water is used. 
wasting any of our water on such frivolities as adjusting water temperatures. 
let’s remember that in a drought like this one, there would be no water in our rivers. There would be no fish. The dams make it possible to save the water from wet years so that we can get through the dry years. That doesn’t work if we open floodgates in an extreme drought like this to make the fish happy. 
This month, the Bureau of Reclamation released nearly 30,000 acrefeet of water from the New Melones Dam in my district for that purpose. That is enough water to meet the annual residential needs of a population of nearly 300,000 human beings for the express purpose of encouraging the offspring of some 29 steelhead trout to swim toward the ocean—which, by the way, they tend to do anyway. And to add insult to injury, almost all of these smolts will be eaten by predators before they reach the ocean. 
bluntly. In order to benefit a handful of steelhead trout, the Bureau sacrificed enough water to meet the annual needs 
of a human population of 300,000. At $700 per acrefoot, the cost of this exercise amounted to $21 million. 
This is the lunacy of the environmental left and the policies they have imposed on our State and our country. It needs to stop now. And to the extent that we can do so through the power of the purse, we must. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this McClintock amendment because it sounds like a solution in search of a problem. 
the Endangered Species Act by restricting the Bureau of Reclamation from expending funds on water for the purpose of managing endangered fish populations. 
amendment, I must also object to it because it does absolutely nothing. The Bureau of Reclamation does not purchase water for the purpose of temperature management. The Bureau of Reclamation does not purchase water now, and they have no plans to do it in fiscal year 2016. In fact, due to water scarcity, the price of water is too high. 
The extreme drought in the West presents significant management challenges, and Bureau of Reclamation biologists should have every tool possible to make decisions and provide a safety net for species nearing extinction. 
the judgment of those professionals, we should be working on solutions to grow the water supply in California. That involves water reuse; increased efficiencies, which have already started; conservation; storm water capture; agricultural practices. 
choices, and we want to walk alongside them but with solutions that make sense and that are capable of being implemented. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
perhaps from the damp State of Ohio, this might look like a solution in search of a problem. I would invite the gentlelady to come to California in the midst of this drought to see the devastation it is causing. 
gallons for this stated purpose, to adjust river water temperatures and to nudge steelhead trout smolts to the ocean. They weren’t coy about it. They were very, very clear. They have been very clear in their budget requests for this practice. 
But let me, just for the sake of argument, accept the gentlelady’s point that they have no plans to do so. Well, if that is the case, she should have no objections to this measure. The fact is, they not only have plans to do so, but they have been doing so, and it is devastating what little precious water is remaining behind our precious reservoirs. 
We will run out by the end of the 
summer if these practices continue. And if they continue and if we do, I think that the gentlelady will need to make an apology to the 38 million suffering people of California. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. LAMALFA. I thank the gentleman from Idaho, Chairman S IMPSON . 
passed language to require the Army Corps of Engineers to apply the Clean Water Act as the Congress has passed it, not as the Corps may wish it to have been written. Unfortunately, the Corps has disregarded these efforts and imposed regulations that could actually prevent farmers from changing crops or fallowing fields during, especially, California’s historic drought. 
exempts from regulation the following: ‘‘Normal farming, silviculture, and ranching activities such as plowing, seeding, cultivating, minor drainage, harvesting for the production of food, fiber, and forest products, or upland soil and water conservation practices.’’ 
No additional requirements are included, and these activities are specifically identified as exempt. However, the Corps and the EPA have used creative interpretations to drastically increase their jurisdiction beyond what Congress has intended. 
In fact, the Corps states the following on their Web site: 
If a property has been used for cattle grazing, the exemption does not apply if future activities would involve planting crops for food. 
the area on which it is conducted has been converted to another use or has lain idle. 
farmer switching from one crop to another, such as corn or tomatoes, would no longer be engaged in normal activities and could be subject to regulation. 
of record drought in California, a practice such as leaving a field fallow, as is happening now across California due to the historic droughts, means that replanting the following year, if possible, would be seen by the Corps as a new— not existing—activity triggering regulation and permitting requirements. This is not the intention of what Congress had years ago with the Clean Water Act. 
farmers from switching to less water intensive crops, if they saw fit, during California’s droughts for fear of an impossible morass of regulatory requirements or, with the involuntary cuts that have been underway, see that they would again be required to have new permits because of this misinterpretation by the Corps. 
Mr. Chairman, the House has supported amendments I have sponsored on two other occasions. Language addressing this issue previously passed by voice vote and was included in the CR/ Omnibus; yet the Corps has refused to recognize clear congressional intent and abandoned its interpretation. 
will seek to prohibit funding for these creative interpretations. I urge your support of this effort to once again make clear the will of Congress. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). This 
amendment makes a significant change to the Clean Water Act regulations, one we should not be making late at night in an appropriations bill. It deserves thoughtful consideration. I think the gentleman probably would agree with that. 
regulation, activities that convert wetlands that occur as part of existing, ongoing farming, ranching, and silviculture activities do not require a section 404 wetlands permit. 
Let me repeat that for my colleagues. The Clean Water Act explicitly exempts certain activities from regulation, and these include normal agricultural activities like plowing fields, planting and harvesting crops, and maintaining irrigation and drainage ditches. Those exemptions were added by Congress in 1977. The 1977 law created the list of activitybased exemptions from normal farming, ranching, and forestry activities; but it also included safeguards to ensure that these exempted activities were not exploited by large scale commercial interests. The regulations implementing those exemptions were completed in 1986 during the Reagan administration. 
The underlying fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Appropriations bill before us already includes language in section 106 affirming that these activities exempted by Congress 38 years ago continue to be exempt. It clearly states that none of the funds made available by this act may be used to require a permit when these activities are conducted. 
to go further than the language already in the bill with his amendment. In his view, wetlands should be able to be filled even when a farm has been converted to another use or farm fields have lain idle so long that modifications to the hydrology are necessary to conduct operations. 
I say to my colleague from California, it is hard to understand how any discharge can be normal for an operation that isn’t established. 
Mr. Chairman, let me tell my colleague why this concerns me. According to the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency, in my home State, since the late 18th century, 90 percent of Ohio’s wetland resources have been destroyed or degraded through draining, filling, or other modification. Because of the valuable functions the remaining wetlands perform, it is imperative to ensure that all impacts to wetlands are properly mitigated. 
water. Sediment settles out of runoff, and contaminants bind to plant surfaces in wetlands resulting in improved water quality. Wetlands perform other valuable functions, including reducing flood flow and shoreline erosion control. They are almost like lungs. They are the lungs of the Earth and connect the land to the water. 
wetlands as haven for rare and endangered plants, and onethird of all the endangered species depends on wetlands for survival. Many wetlands are important fish spawning and nursery areas, as well as nesting, resting, and feeding areas for waterfowl. 
changes we make to wetlands policy that may result in the destruction of these remaining very important ecological areas are evaluated carefully and we do not overturn nearly 40 years of policy lightly. 
that I must respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment. I urge my colleagues to do so as well, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Again, Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the comments by my colleague from Ohio on that, but in 
practice in California, they are already moving well beyond established law in the 404 section that would indeed allow for normal activities to be exempted. 
I say ‘‘normal activities.’’ It is normal for farmers to change crops, to rotate crops as what fits the land, that fits available water supply, that fits what the farmer deems to do with his or her land. There is this thing called property rights in Ohio and California. 
Corps continues to misinterpret and creatively interpret the 404 exemptions because, in practice in northern California, we have seen that the ability to switch crops, to do as you see fit with your land within the permit, with the exemptions of the 404, are being violated. 
Army Corps in northern California on that when I was told recently that they would ignore this section and ignore the efforts we have made previously. 
That is why this amendment is necessary, not only to send a message, but to remove the funding that they would try to use to stop the cultural practices of farmers across the country, especially as it seems to be affecting northern California, to do as they see fit within the exemptions that are already in the law, but seemingly outside of what the wishes of the Army Corps are. 
‘‘aye’’ vote on this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to deliver water to the Trinity River above the minimum requirements of the Trinity Record of Decision or to supplement flows in the Klamath River. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 223, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
discussed earlier, California is seeing the most severe drought in many, many years. Our own Governor has recently ordered a mandatory 25 percent water rationing across the State. 
have idled hundreds of thousands of productive farmland and caused billions of dollars in economic damage, the Bureau of Reclamation has unnecessarily diverted water from the Central Valley Project which serves the entire State, 20 million or more people, to salmon habitat in the Klamath River. I say ‘‘unnecessarily’’ because the chinook salmon of the Klamath River are not threatened or endangered and have, in fact, been returning in near record numbers. 
Mr. Chairman, the Bureau has misused over 100,000 acre feet of water over the last 2 years, which will be enough for up to 800,000 people or even 30,000 acres of cropland. 
What is more, stakeholders have already reached an agreement. All the stakeholders in the area have a previous agreement to ensure enough water for both humans and for salmon, according to the Trinity Record of Decision. 
beyond the requirements of the agreement and negatively impact the very stakeholders that agreed to it, including my constituents. 
from this Congress sent a letter urging the Bureau of Reclamation not to carry out this activity. Mr. Chairman, this amendment simply prohibits the Bureau of Reclamation from releasing water beyond the record of decision it is a party to and ensures that cities and farms have access to as much water as possible, especially during this acute drought period. It also maintains the river flows that stakeholders have agreed to and forces the Bureau of Reclamation to keep its promises to the people of California. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment but, believe me, with sympathy toward what the people of the West are facing. I just hope that we can get through this situation reasonably and seamlessly somehow. I oppose the amendment because it would lock in a specific operating regime, regardless of facts on the ground. 
made the decision not to release water above the minimum requirement, clearly showing they are realistic and willing to change to meet the circumstances at hand. I hope the gentleman agrees. Reclamation monitored temperatures and fish health to balance risks. 
Reclamation did release flows because of a deadly detection of a parasite impacting salmon. Yet we must ensure that the massive fish kill of 2002 doesn’t happen again. This balancing act is really difficult, but we cannot sacrifice the environment either. We 
must find a way to balance the needs of people and the environment in the West. 
must meet our obligations to the tribes who have relied on the river. None of this will be easy. We should not be locking in an operating regime that ignores science and does not allow us to adapt to changing circumstances. 
On this basis, I oppose the gentleman’s amendment and honestly hope, as a country, we can do what is necessary to help the West. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
appreciate that sentiment on helping the West. Perhaps a pipeline from Ohio with all that excess water during flood flows would help us out. But short of doing that right now, indeed, coming back to what is happening with the fish we are speaking of in these systems, the salmon in the Klamath River that we are speaking of are not in danger and are near record numbers in that leg. 
downstream on the Sacramento River the endangered winterrun chinook with this additional flow. So even though there may have been detected a parasite, it is not affecting natively what we are talking about here. 
Decision with agreed water flow amounts of the stakeholders involved. So this is more by whim of BOR once again deciding that additional flows, based on no science beyond the Record of Decision, are taking valuable water away, and it could happen again in this record drought year. 
have these waters, or other ones talked about earlier tonight, based on the whim of a bureaucracy somewhere that really doesn’t seem to be paying attention to the needs of California’s farms, cities, and that the water is actually being used to the best benefit of the fish being debated in any one of these systems. So diverting more water away from this is not productive. It doesn’t fulfill any scientific goals. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
I make a motion, let me thank you for your excellent stewardship of this bill through general order, through the amendment debate in the wee hours of the morning. We all appreciate it. It 
has been fair and helped move it along in an orderly manner. 
Mr. Chairman, I move that the Committee do now rise. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LAMALFA ) having assumed the chair, 
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2028) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Monday, April 27, marked the 1year anniversary of the devastation that occurred when a tornado struck the Mayflower, Vilonia, and Paron communities in Arkansas, destroying more than 400 homes and costing 16 people their lives. The theme of this year’s anniversary is, ‘‘Remember our loss, celebrate our recovery.’’ 
with folks in these communities and to hear their stories of courage and resilience. While I mourn those that are lost, I am thankful for the health and safety of Martin and Kristin Patton and the miraculous survival of their family. Their home literally disintegrated around them. 
Vilonia Mayor James Firestone and Mayflower Mayor Randy Holland who, along with county and local leaders, are charting a course toward the future. In the face of this tragedy, they furnish us with an inspirational model of solidarity and hope. 
Mr. Speaker, the Paron Community in Pulaski County and the Faulkner County towns of Vilonia and Mayflower, Arkansas have experienced tragedy and disaster over these past years, but their resilience and determination to rebuild and recover has never been more prevalent. 
Four years ago, on April 25, 2011, an EF2 
tornado struck Vilonia, killing four of its 4,000 citizens. 
Not two years after that, on March 29, 2013, 
the residents of Mayflower were left reeling after being flooded with 5,000 barrels of heavy crude oil that erupted from the burst Pegasus Pipeline. 
The ability to bounce back after such misfortune is a testament to the great determination and toughness of the townspeople of Vilonia and Mayflower. 
And that ability was put to yet another test 
reported winds approaching 200 miles per hour. The halfmile wide twister left a swath of destruction that stretched for over forty miles. In fiftysix minutes, more than 400 homes were destroyed and sixteen people lost their lives. The National Weather Service stated that this was the single deadliest tornado to hit the state of Arkansas since 1968—nearly fifty years earlier. 
oneyear anniversary of the devastation wrecked during this horrific storm. The theme of this year’s anniversary is, ‘‘Remember our loss; celebrate our recovery.’’ 
Over the past few weeks, I have had the 
opportunity to visit with folks from Mayflower and Vilonia and to hear their stories of courage and resilience. 
While I mourn those lost in the April 2014 
tornados, I am thankful for the health and safety of Martin and Kristin Patton and the miraculous survival of their family. Their home literally completely disintegrated around them and I certainly join them in counting their blessings of moving into their new home last weekend, 364 days after that frightening evening. 
Mayor James Firestone on the job for six and one half years; four of them in a ‘‘recovery mode.’’ I am grateful for his leadership with that of the city council in carefully charting a course toward the future. 
Holland, who, with county and local leaders, is crafting new economic development directions for this growing community. 
In the face of tragedy, they, along with all 
those who selflessly provided financial support and thousands of volunteer hours, furnish us with an inspirational model of solidarity and hope. 
As these brave communities continue to recover and rebuild, I applaud them for their dedication to their neighbors, economy, and community. 
UNDERLYING OBJECTIVES OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE MILITARY COMPENSATION AND RETIREMENT MODERNIZATION COMMISSION—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–30) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Armed Services and ordered to be printed: 
underlying objectives of the recommendations that the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission (the ‘‘Commission’’) offered in January. These recommendations represent an important step forward in protecting the longterm viability of the AllVolunteer Force, improving qualityoflife for service members and their families, and ensuring the fiscal sustainability of the military compensation and retirement systems. As I directed in my letter of March 
30, my team has worked with the Commission to further analyze the recommendations and identify areas of agreement. At this time I am prepared to support specific proposals for 10 of the Commission’s 15 recommendations, either as proposed or with modifications that have been discussed among the Department of Defense, other agencies, and the Commission. These include the following: 
Survivor Benefit Plan Financial Education Medical Personnel Readiness Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs Collaboration 
Child Care Service Member Education Transition Assistance Nutritional Financial Assistance Dependent SpaceAvailable Travel Report on Military Connected Dependents 
Defense is already taking actions to implement these recommendations, and I will direct the Department to develop plans to complete this implementation. In those areas where legislation is required, I expect the Secretary of Defense to transmit to the Congress on my behalf the relevant legislative proposals, which I recommend be enacted without delay. 
With respect to the remaining recommendations, given their complexity and our solemn responsibility to ensure that any changes further the objectives above, we will continue working with the Commission to understand how the following proposals would affect the AllVolunteer Force: 
Blended Retirement System Reserve Component Duty Statuses Exceptional Family Member’s Support 
I believe there is merit in all of these 
recommendations and that they deserve careful consideration and study. I will ensure that the Congress is kept apprised of this ongoing work. 
that we need to continue to improve the military health care system. The health care reforms proposed in my Fiscal Year 2016 Budget are a good first step and offer service members, retirees, and their families more control and choice over their health care decisions. This remains a critical issue, and my Administration will work with the Commission and interested Members of Congress in the coming months to develop additional reform proposals for consideration as part of my Fiscal Year 2017 Budget. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
MCCARTHY ) for today after 4 p.m. and May 1 on account of attending the promotion ceremony of her son Raymond Wagner, III to Captain in the United States Army. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 48 minutes a.m.) the House adjourned until today, Friday, May 1, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone, Delaware River; Marcus Hook, PA [Docket No.: 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone: Marina del Rey Fireworks Show, Santa Monica Bay; Marina del Rey, California [Docket No.: USCG20150155] (RIN: 1625AA00) received 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
and Government Reform. House Joint Resolution 43. Resolution disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014 (Rept. 114–99). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
himself, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. J ONES , 
BUCSHON , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. T ONKO , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D OLD, Mr. 
H.R. 2123. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to furnish nonformulary drugs and medicines to veterans diagnosed with mental health disorders, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2124. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the distribution of additional residency positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
PALLONE , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. 
York, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. 
H.R. 2125. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to revise its sponsorship identification rules so as to require the disclosure of the names of significant donors to persons paying for or furnishing broadcast matter or origination cablecasting matter that is political matter or matter involving the discussion of a controversial issue of public importance; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. 
of Health and Human Services from replacing ICD9 with ICD10 in implementing the HIPAA code set standards; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2127. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Transportation Security Administration to limit access to expedited airport security screening at an airport security checkpoint to participants of the PreCheck program and other known lowrisk passengers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
REICHERT , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. Y OUNG  
of Indiana, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. M EEHAN , 
Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. R EED, Mr. T IBERI , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. S ESSIONS , 
Mr. B UCHANAN , and Ms. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 2128. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt certain stock of real estate investment trusts from the tax on foreign investments in United States real property interests, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. PRICE of North Carolina: 
H.R. 2129. A bill to strengthen the disclosure requirements for creditors under the Truth in Lending Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
to property owners along the Red River in Texas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
SANFORD , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. 
building and United States courthouse located at 83 Meeting Street in Charleston, South Carolina, as the ‘‘J. Waties Waring Judicial Center’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
DOLD, Mr. W ELCH , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
H.R. 2132. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Energy to establish an energy efficiency retrofit pilot program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
TAKANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C OSTELLO of 
H.R. 2133. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to provide additional training opportunities under the Transition Assistance Program to members of the Armed Forces who are being separated from active duty; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Species Act of 1973 to require review of the economic cost of adding a species to the list of endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2135. A bill to amend titles II and XVI 
of the Social Security Act to provide certain individuals with information on employment support services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. R EED, Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, and 
H.R. 2136. A bill to amend titles II and XVI 
of the Social Security Act to provide for quality reviews of benefit decisions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Ms. GABBARD , Mr. R EICHERT , and 
H.R. 2137. A bill to ensure Federal law enforcement officers remain able to ensure their own safety, and the safety of their families, during a covered furlough; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2138. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide payment under part A of the Medicare Program on a reasonable cost basis for anesthesia services furnished by an anesthesiologist in certain rural hospitals in the same manner as payments are provided for anesthesia services furnished by anesthesiologist assistants and certified registered nurse anesthetists in such hospitals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
KUSTER , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R USH, Mr. JONES , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. S WALWELL  
H.R. 2139. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide notice of average times for processing claims and percentage of claims approved, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
human rights, and the rule of law as part of United StatesVietnam relations; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. G ARRETT , and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
with Congress, insurers, and consumers with respect to domestic insurance and international insurance standards, regulations, or frameworks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2142. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against income tax for facilities using a qualified methane conversion technology to provide transportation fuels and chemicals; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2143. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reform the system of public financing for Presidential elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 2144. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to establish entities tasked with improving program and project management in Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2145. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to establish the Physician Ambassadors Helping Veterans program to seek to employ physicians at the Department of Veterans Affairs on a without compensation basis in practice areas and specialties with staffing shortages and long appointment waiting times; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 2146. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penaltyfree withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2147. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to convene a panel of citizens to make a recommendation to the Secretary regarding featuring the likeness of a woman on the twenty dollar bill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 2148. A bill to amend title III of the 
Social Security Act to require a substance abuse risk assessment and targeted drug testing as a condition for the receipt of unemployment benefits, and for other purposes; 
to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in 
addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Florida, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. D ANNY K. 
HONDA , Ms. T ITUS, and Mr. T EDLIEU 
H.R. 2149. A bill to establish a grant program to ensure that students in highneed schools have equal access to a quality education delivered by an effective, diverse workforce; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Ms. PELOSI , Mr. H OYER , Mr. C LYBURN , 
Mr. B ECERRA , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. B EN 
ISRAEL , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of 
Texas, Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. 
PALLONE , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. 
FUDGE , Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. P OCAN , 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. A GUILAR , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B ERA, Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C ASTOR  
Mr. C LAY, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. 
ELLISON , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. F OSTER , Ms. 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. K IND, 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. L ARSON of 
LEE, Mr. L EWIS, Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
New York, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. 
MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. N EAL, Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. R ANGEL , Miss R ICEof New 
York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. R USH, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. 
Mr. S IRES, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. T HOMP SON of California, Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
COLEMAN , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): 
H.R. 2150. A bill to provide for increases in 
the Federal minimum wage; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2151. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to improve the calculation, oversight, and accountability of non DSH supplemental payments under the Medicaid program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E STY, 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Ms. P INGREE ): 
H.R. 2152. A bill to ban meat and poultry 
products processed in China from school lunches, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
level felonies as misdemeanors, to eliminate the increased penalties for cocaine offenses where the cocaine involved is cocaine base, to reinvest in our communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees 
on Energy and Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2154. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reduce injuries and deaths caused by cell phone use and texting while driving, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to direct the Secretary of Education to award grants for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. B OST, Mrs. W AGNER, and Mr. C RAWFORD ): 
H.R. 2156. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reform the practices of recovery audit contractors under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2157. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year tax free distributions from individual retirement plans for charitable purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2158. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the credit for energyefficient existing homes; to 
H.R. 2159. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for one year the credit for energyefficient new homes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2160. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the employer wage credit for employees who are active duty members of the uniformed services; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2161. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the enhanced charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2162. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the deduction for mortgage insurance premiums; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2163. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the deduction of State and local general sales taxes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2164. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the 15year straightline cost recovery for qualified leasehold improvements, qualified restaurant buildings and improvements, and qualified retail improvements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2165. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend for one year the abovetheline deduction for qualified tuition and related expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2166. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the exclusion from gross income of discharges of qualified principal residence indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2167. A bill to amend the Public Lands 
Corps Act of 1993 to expand the authority of the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Secretary of the Interior to provide service opportunities for young Americans, to help restore natural, cultural, historic, archaeological, recreational, and scenic resources of the United States, to train a new generation of public land managers and enthusiasts, to promote the value of public service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees 
on Agriculture, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER (for herself, Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. S CHRA DER): 
H.R. 2168. A bill to make the current Dungeness crab fishery management regime permanent and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2169. A bill to amend title VII of the 
Social Security Act to require the President to transmit the annual budget of the Social Security Administration without revisions to Congress, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Troops, known as the ‘‘Ghost Army’’, collectively, in recognition of its unique and incredible service during World War II; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of the Pole Creek Wilderness, the Owyhee River Wilderness, and the North Fork Owyhee Wilderness and to authorize the continued use of motorized vehicles for livestock monitoring, herding, and grazing in certain wilderness areas in the State of Idaho; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2172. A bill to establish a pilot toll 
credit market place program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
EDWARDS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
NORTON , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. P RICE of 
HOLLEN , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 2173. A bill to require States to conduct Congressional redistricting through independent commissions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. YOUNG of Alaska, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. C OLE, Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. R UIZ, and Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD ): 
American Programs Act of 1974 to provide flexibility and reauthorization to ensure the survival and continuing vitality of Native American languages; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Ms. N ORTON ): 
H.R. 2175. A bill to amend chapter 89 of 
title 5, United States Code, to ensure oversight and cost savings in the pricing and contracting of prescription drug benefits under the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2176. A bill to extend Federal recognition to the Duwamish Tribe, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
in residential buildings and industry, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on the Budget, Transportation and Infrastructure, Oversight and Government Reform, Financial Services, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
herself, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. 
REICHERT ): H.R. 2178. A bill to restore employment and 
educational opportunities in, and improve the economic stability of, counties containing National Forest System land, while also reducing Forest Service management costs, by ensuring that such counties have a dependable source of revenue from timber sales conducted on National Forest System land, to reduce payments under the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 to reflect such counties’ receipt of timber sale revenues, to strengthen stewardship end result contracting, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. K IND, and Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut): 
H.R. 2179. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exception from the passive loss rules for investments in high technology research small business passthru entities; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Department of Justice grants to set up task forces on policing in local communities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and Nationality Act to authorize certain aliens who have earned a Ph.D. degree from a United States institution of higher education in a field of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics to be admitted for permanent residence and to be exempted from the numerical limitations on H1B nonimmigrants; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
commerce with respect to parimutuel wagering on horseracing, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2183. A bill to require the Director of 
the Office of Management and Budget to consider Brunswick County, North Carolina, to be part of the same metropolitan statistical area as Wilmington, North Carolina; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Ms. LINDA T. SA ´NCHEZ of California (for herself, Mr. NEAL, and Mr. 
H.R. 2184. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the phasedown of the credit percentage for the dependent care tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
MULVANEY , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mr. M EADOWS ): 
of the Treasury from using extraordinary measures to prevent the Government from reaching the statutory debt limit, or using extraordinary measures once such limit has been reached, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2186. A bill to establish a pilot grant 
program to support career and technical education exploration programs in middle schools and high schools; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. SCHWEIKERT: 
Exchange Commission to revise its regulations regarding the qualifications of natural persons as accredited investors; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, 
New Mexico, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
of Housing and Urban Development to provide assistance to eligible nonprofit organizations to provide specialized housing and supportive services for elderly persons who are the primary caregivers of children that are related to such persons; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. SMITH of New Jersey (for himself and Mr. SIRES): 
H.R. 2189. A bill to direct the President to 
submit to Congress a report on fugitives currently residing in other countries whose extradition is sought by the United States and related matters; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 2190. A bill to amend title 10, United 
States Code, to improve procedures for legal justice for members of the Armed Forces, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
DOLD, Ms. E STY, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H ECKof 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. N OEM, 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. 
SCHIFF , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. F ARR, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
SMITH of Washington, Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Ms. P INGREE , Ms. L EE, Mr. S TIVERS, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey): 
H.R. 2191. A bill to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
SCHIFF , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C OOPER , 
H.R. 2193. A bill to amend title 38, United 
the Veterans Health Administration; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
of New York, Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
H.R. 2194. A bill to reauthorize the LowIncome Home Energy Assistance Program for fiscal years 2016 through 2020, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H. Res. 236. A resolution expressing condolences to the family of Dr. Warren Weinstein, and commemorating the life and work of Dr. Warren Weinstein; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. F ATTAH , and Mr. G ARAMENDI ): 
achieving the primary goal of the National Plan to Address Alzheimer’s Disease of the Department of Health and Human Services to prevent and effectively treat Alzheimer’s disease by 2025 is an urgent national priority; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. AL GREEN of Texas (for himself, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
H. Res. 238. A resolution promoting minority health awareness and supporting the goals and ideals of National Minority Health Month in April 2015, which includes bringing attention to the health disparities faced by minority populations of the United States such as American Indians, Alaska Natives, 
Asian Americans, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, and Native Hawaiians or other Pacific Islanders; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. HIMES (for himself, Mr. HASTINGS , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
sense of the House of Representatives with respect to childhood stroke and recognizing May 2015 as ‘‘National Pediatric Stroke Awareness Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. H AHN, Ms. 
economic, cultural, and political contributions of the Southeast Asian American community at this time of the 40th anniversary of the Khmer Rouge control over Cambodia and the beginning of the Cambodian Genocide, and the end of the Vietnam War and Secret War in Laos; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. MEEKS , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. C AROLYN  
KEATING , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P EARCE , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. 
for designation of April 2015 as ‘‘Alcohol Responsibility Month’’ and supporting the 
goals and ideals of responsible decisions regarding alcohol; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
sense of the House of Representatives that public servants should be commended for their dedication and continued service to the United States during Public Service Recognition Week, the week of May 3 through 9, 2015; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2126. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution, which gives Congress the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises.’’ 
H.R. 2129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clause 1 of the Constitution states The Congress shall have Power To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 of the United States 
H.R. 2132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of Congress to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.) 
H.R. 2133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 2135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8: The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 2139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2141. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2142. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution which gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and within the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 2143. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the Supreme Court upheld the congressional power to enact public financing of presidential elections under this Clause. The Supreme Court stated with regard to the provisions in the Federal Election Campaign Act Amendments of 1974 establishing a presidential public financing system, ‘‘In this case, Congress was legislating for the ‘general welfare’—to reduce the deleterious influence of large contributions on our political process, to facilitate communication by candidates with the electorate, and to free candidates from the rigors of fundraising.’’ 
H.R. 2144. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2145. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article 
I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2147. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Under Article I, Section 8, Clause 6, Congress has the authority to coin money, regulate the value thereof, and of foreign coin, and fix the standard of weights and measures. 
H.R. 2148. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2149. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2150. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2151. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2152. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2153. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 2154. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2155. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2156. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 (General Welfare) and Clause 3 (Commerce) ‘Congress shall have the power to . . . provide for the . . . general welfare’ 
‘Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce’ 
makes several changes to the way hospital audits are conducted which involves at least three parties: a hospital, a private Medicare contractor who conducts audits and the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services. During the auditing process, transactions take place between these parties which is what constitutes this bill as regulating commerce. Further, Medicare is considered to be constitutional as part of providing for the general welfare and therefore any changes to Medicare would fall under this provision as well. 
H.R. 2157. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2158. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2159. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2161. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2164. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2165. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2166. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2167. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rule and Regulations respecting the Territory of other Property belonging to the United States; 
H.R. 2168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the government and regulation of the land and naval forces, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) of the United States Constitution 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 2172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, which allows Congress to regulate Commerce among the several States 
H.R. 2173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 2174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
H.R. 2176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 2178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 2179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2182. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power To . . . regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, . . . 
H.R. 2183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the US 
Constitution: The Congress shall have power to borrow Money on the credit of the United States; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. The Congress shall have power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2184. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2185. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . pay the Debts’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . borrow Money on the credit of the United States;’’ 
H.R. 2186. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2187. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform 
H.R. 2188. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States . . . 
H.R. 2189. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 To make all laws which shall be necessary 
and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 2190. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2191. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 2192. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2193. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2194. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 232: Mr. Y OHOand Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 292: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
PAULSEN , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. 
H.R. 335: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 379: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 402: Mr. B OST. H.R. 465: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
BRADY of Texas, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. G RAVES of 
Missouri, Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. T OM 
PRICE of Georgia, Mr. R EED, Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, Mr. W OMACK , and Mr. W ESTMORE LAND . 
H.R. 535: Mr. C OFFMAN , Miss R ICEof New 
H.R. 539: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. B ISHOP  
of Georgia, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 546: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H.R. 563: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 578: Mr. B UCKand Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 592: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mrs. 
H.R. 616: Ms. B ORDALLO and Ms. W ILSON of 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
H.R. 702: Mr. C OLEand Mr. H ARRIS . 
H.R. 767: Mr. C OLEand Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 793: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
H.R. 842: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. L AMALFA , 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Ms. G RANGER , and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 868: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H.R. 879: Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. P EARCE , and 
H.R. 911: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 921: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
BRIDENSTINE , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. D ENT, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H ASTINGS , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 952: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. E LLISON , and 
H.R. 985: Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. D ELANEY , and Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 1060: Mr. D ENHAM and Mr. C OSTA . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. L ARSEN of 
Mr. M EEHAN , and Mr. H ECKof Washington. 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. H ARPER , 
Ms. P INGREE , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
H.R. 1203: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 1220: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
York, Mr. L AMBORN , and Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana. 
H.R. 1300: Mr. I SSA and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 1308: Ms. K ELLY of Illinois and Mr. 
H.R. 1356: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. L ANGEVIN , and 
H.R. 1375: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. P OCAN , 
H.R. 1399: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. W ALZ, and Mrs. 
H.R. 1414: Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. F RANKEL of 
Florida, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. L ARSON of 
H.R. 1476: Mr. W EBSTER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1555: Mrs. L UMMIS and Mr. G OSAR . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. K IND, Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R IBBLE , and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 1599: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T HOMP SONof Mississippi, Mr. G ROTHMAN , and Mr. 
REICHERT , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. M OONEY of 
Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1633: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mrs. M ILLER of 
H.R. 1634: Mr. K INGof New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1635: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . 
H.R. 1718: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R ODNEY  
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. 
BROWN of Florida, Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. T URNER , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. 
H.R. 1739: Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. F LORES , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. S AMJOHNSON  
of Texas, Mr. O LSON , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. W ILLIAMS , and Mr. R OUZER . 
H.R. 1752: Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , and Mr. W EBER of Texas. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. C OOK and Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia. H.R. 1786: Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. 
H.R. 1814: Ms. S PEIER , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
KIRKPATRICK , Ms. M OORE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. 
H.R. 1818: Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. 
H.R. 1853: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. 
MCCAUL, Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. 
SENSENBRENNER , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
H.R. 1859: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. Q UIGLEY . 
H.R. 1908: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
H.R. 1937: Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky and Mr. 
H.R. 1956: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1957: Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. 
COSTA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. S ABLAN . 
H.R. 1958: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
H.R. 1959: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. 
VARGAS , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
H.R. 1961: Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
H.R. 1994: Mr. F ARENTHOLD and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
ELLISON , Mr. Ca ´rdenas, and Mr. N ADLER . 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. F UDGE , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. H ECKof Washington, Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. L EWIS, Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mississippi, Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
Mr. P OLIS, Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. K ILDEE , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S ERRANO , and 
H.R. 2109: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. L UETKEMEYER , 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Ms. M ATSUI , 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. H ILL, Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 35: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , and Mr. L OEBSACK . 
H. Res. 56: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. B ISHOP of 
H. Res. 181: Mr. W EBER of Texas. H. Res. 186: Ms. L EE. 
H. Res. 224: Mr. S TEWART and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H. Res. 235 : Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. I SSA, Mr. H ECKof Washington, 
Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. C LAY, and Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative Donna F. Edwards or a designee to H.R. 1732, the Regulatory Integrity Protection Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 23: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Energy to finalize, implement, or enforce the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Standards Ceiling Fans and Ceiling Fan Light Kits’’ and identified by regulation identification number 1904–AC87. 
Page 31, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $105,000,000)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO. 26: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to expand plutonium pit production capacity at the PF4 facility at Los Alamos National Laboratory. 
AMENDMENT NO. 29: At the end of the bill, 
before the short title, insert the following new section: 
with respect to BPAR incandescent reflector lamps, BR incandescent reflector lamps, and ER incandescent reflector lamps. 
AMENDMENT NO. 31: At the end of the bill 
may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and industrial base. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2543 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, APRIL 30, 2015 No. 64 