Politico yesterday had a fascinating story about CHUCK SCHUMER , widely expected to become the next Democratic leader in the Senate, in talks with Republican leaders in the House and Senate about a major tax and infrastructure deal. 
hundreds of billions of dollars parked overseas by international corporations and use the tax on those proceeds to finance a more robust 6year transportation bill. What is not to like? 
to be able to finance America’s failing infrastructure, having introduced the first gas tax increase on the Federal level in 22 years. I have been working with stakeholders, like the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, organized labor, truckers, AAA, contractors, transit, the whole array of people who build, operate, use, and rely upon American infrastructure. 
done. America is falling apart while we are falling behind. It doesn’t work to try to pay for 2015 infrastructure with 1993 dollars. 
Reagan successfully championed as President was raising the gas tax, in his case, 125 percent. It is taking hold around the country as even very red Republican States—six already this year—have raised their gas taxes, and our legislation in Congress is gaining more attention as people understand that this is the best way forward to solve the problem. 
Well, first of all, the path towards international tax reform is very complex and rocky, with many competing interests. No one disputes that the patchwork of our corporate tax system that we have currently is unfair to some and produces distorted results. 
corporate tax rate in the world. But, for many corporations, that is not so much of a problem because they have been working to carve out their own exemptions and loopholes so that what the average that corporations pays is much less than the stated rate. But, for some, particularly those that build and 
operate in the United States, they do pay that statutory rate and it is a problem and it is unfair. 
some to park more money overseas. Most of us think that it is going to require revenue to buy down the corporate rate, to reform it, and repatriated dollars would be a source to adjust that in a way that doesn’t make the deficit much, much worse. 
There is also a problem of competitiveness. Some organizations actually have offshore operations to be closer to their markets. If you are going to sell in China, for instance, it makes sense perhaps to manufacture it there rather than ship it halfway around the world with all the complexity and expense. 
I have been meeting with a wide variety of corporate tax officers who ask the question about equity. Why should they with their overseas operations pay for domestic infrastructure that everybody benefits from? That is a great question. 
costing the Treasury more in the long run, making it harder to have an equitable adjustment in corporate tax reform, and shift the burden that should be paid by all American users instead concentrated on a small portion of American taxpayers on their overseas operation. They ask where is the equity, and it is hard to see. 
That is why we have the basic principle of a user fee: People use a service and they pay for it. The gas tax for decades has served that purpose since it was first introduced in my home State of Oregon in 1919 for road construction. It is still the simplest, most direct, most fair, easiest to administer, and would enable us to solve this problem in a matter of months. 
very uncertain as well as unfair. We are going to have the 35th shortterm extension of the highway trust fund next month. No country has become great building its infrastructure 10 months at a time. 
that is being discussed which makes it less likely we solve the problems. Why don’t we just deal with it directly, put hundreds of thousands of people to work at familywage jobs, actually reduce the deficit, increase the economy, and strengthen the quality of life in communities large and small all across America. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. HICE) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to commemorate the life and legacy of U.S. Army Specialist Kyle Gilbert. 
in Afghanistan while serving our Nation just days before his 25th birthday. 
most sincere and heartfelt condolences to Kyle’s family and to let them know that I and we have them in our thoughts and our prayers. 
Kyle is survived by many loving family members and friends, including his mother and stepfather, Ceann and Clyde Tate; father and stepmother, Ralph and Sandra Gilbert; sisters, Sasha Ashley and Becky Bailey; brother, Myles Gilbert; as well as his grandmother, Jean Ann Carrington; his stepbrother, Chris Manning; as well as a host of aunts, uncles, nieces, nephews, cousins, and friends. 
Lawrenceville, Georgia, and graduated from Mill Creek High School in 2009 and in 2013 joined the United States Army. He was a 10th Mountain Division soldier with the 2nd Battalion, the 14th Infantry Regiment, 2nd Brigade Combat Team. 
with you that Specialist Gilbert received the Army Commendation Medal, the Army Achievement Medal, the National Defense Service Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, the Afghanistan Campaign Medal, and the Army Service Ribbon. Additionally, Mr. Speaker, Kyle received the Bronze Star, the Army Good Conduct Medal, and the NATO Medal. 
of meeting Kyle personally, I would like to use this opportunity to sincerely thank him for his incredible service to the State of Georgia and to our Nation. 
me that Specialist Gilbert’s deepest dream was to serve our Nation in the military, and I thank him for his incredible service and sacrifice so that so many others can share the American Dream. Kyle leaves a legacy of service, dedication, and kindness that will be sorely missed. 
join me in praying for Specialist Gilbert’s family during this time of their bereavement. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. 
introduce the 21st Century Women’s Health Act to increase access to reproductive health care and to provide compassionate care to survivors of sexual assault. 
in a matter of hours. Rather than crafting a bipartisan solution on the Nation’s budget, House leadership has been focusing on denying women their right to make their own healthcare decisions. 
we can to increase access to health care for women. We should not be rolling back women’s rights and cutting access to lifesaving cancer and preventative health screenings for women, men, and youth across the country. 
As a mother, a daughter, and a Member of Congress, I understand the value of increasing access to health care for women; and that is why I am proud to introduce the 21st Century Women’s Health Act, with my colleagues Congresswoman BARBARA LEE, Congresswoman D IANA DEGETTE , and with our 
leadership of our ally in the Senate, Senator PATTY MURRAY from Washington. 
access to preventative health services and contraception for lowincome women, and it will help women report instances of inappropriate charges for birth control, a problem that affects too many women across the country. It will also expand the primary care workforce and ensure that survivors of sexual assault are provided with free emergency contraception and compassionate care. 
in this country to live in a place where they have access to affordable healthcare providers like Planned Parenthood, a full range of reproductive choices, and, most importantly, the ability to make their own healthcare decisions. 
Wade, and I know what our country looks like when women don’t have access to a full range of reproductive healthcare options. We know that if abortion is restricted, it does not go away. 
women had to seek care in the shadows or the back alleys. Let us come together to prevent unwanted pregnancies, and let us champion our march forward toward a more equal society with the introduction of the 21st Century Women’s Health Act. 
cosponsors, and I look forward to working toward the passage of this important bill. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to honor State Senator Branden Petersen of Andover for his public service. Branden was elected to the Minnesota House in 2010 at the young age of 24 and then reelected to serve his constituents, but this time in the Minnesota Senate in 2012. Recently, Branden resigned to spend more time with his young family. His leadership in the Minnesota Legislature will be sorely missed. 
district, and I have been honored to work with him and to know him. He is a man of great character and principle. While in office, Branden worked hard 
to improve Minnesota’s schools, economy, and budget, all while being part of a growing family that now includes three little ones at home. It has been wonderful to see Branden’s dedication over the past 5 years, and I believe that the people of his district are so lucky 
to have benefited from his service. Branden’s leadership will be truly missed, but I have no doubt that he will find success and happiness in his future endeavors. 
Speaker, I rise today to celebrate Manufacturing Day and the importance of Minnesota’s manufacturing industry. 
drivers of the economy in my district and my State. Manufacturers generate billions of dollars in revenue for my State each year, making them a key pillar of Minnesota’s economy. 
292,000 manufacturing jobs, and the State’s manufacturing industry has the second largest payroll of any business sector. 
and they deserve the best that life has to offer. They deserve a strong State economy, which allows for individual growth, prosperity, and the pursuit of happiness. That is why I will continue to emphasize the importance of manufacturingfriendly policies for as long as I serve in Congress. 
Day in our country, but I want to make it clear that every day is Manufacturing Day in Minnesota. 
Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hal Becker for his tireless service to the city of Delano and to wish him luck in his upcoming retirement. 
Minnesota in 1977 with a degree in mathematics. Not long after completing his education, Hal began to work at Delano Municipal Utilities and served as the general manager there for 30 years. He was the perfect candidate for this position, as he also graduated from the St. Paul Public Schools electricity course, holds an electrician’s license and a water supply system operator license. 
the past 30 years, which is proven by the recognition he has received for his work. In 2013, he was the recipient of the impressive American Public Power Association’s Larry Hobart Seven Hats Award. 
member of our Delano community and, above all, our friend. 
and we will all miss your service. I wish you a peaceful and happy retirement. 
MARCO , INC., OF ST . CLOUD , MINNESOTA  
for making Fortune’s list of best small and mediumsized companies to work for. 
proof that the American Dream is alive and well. What began as a small typewriter shop in St. Cloud quickly evolved into one of the top technology providers in the country, with offices located throughout the Midwest. 
about Marco is that they are one of the first companies to create an employee stock ownership plan, and they are among the few companies in this country to be 100 percent employee owned. 
I truly commend Marco, Inc., for understanding that employees are the heart and soul of every company and that they must be taken care of and rewarded. Your quick rise and large success is undoubtedly due to the way you treat your employees and your positive work environment. I am proud to recognize you here today. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) for 5 
rise today to recognize a great American, Howard Curtis Jones, a constituent and dear friend who is the founder and president of the Wilson, North Carolina, Opportunities Industrialization Center. 
Jones was presented with the Outstanding Rural Leader of the Year award at an auspicious occasion in Raleigh, North Carolina, the highest award bestowed by the North Carolina Rural Center and the Rural Economic Development organization. 
This recognition could not be awarded to a more deserving individual. Mr. Jones has long been an inspiration to many with his compassion and work. I am honored to call Howard Jones my friend of more than 45 years. 
an individual who demonstrates remarkable commitment to improving the way of life in rural North Carolina by enhancing the community and positively impacting the quality of life for its residents. 
from Wilson and surrounding communities for more than 40 years. He has earned this recognition through decades of hard work and community involvement. 
the Depression in 1933 as one of 16 children, Howard has spent the majority of his life trying to empower disadvantaged populations in rural eastern North Carolina. He motivates them to reach their full potential by teaching vocational skills and helping them secure gainful employment. 
community from employment in New York City, Mr. Jones started OIC of 
services to disadvantaged youth and adults, including prevocational training, employment readiness and referral services, health educational programs, and programs to help dislocated workers transition to new careers. 
with little more than his faith in God and an unshakeable resolve and steadfast dedication that it could be done. He had no funding. He had no staff when he started except volunteers. 
Over the years, Wilson OIC has expanded to employ 35 workers and place more than 200 citizens per year in jobs. Importantly, Wilson OIC adapts the services and training they provide through our changing world and assists clients in acquiring the skills needed to compete in the 21st century economy. 
For 10 years, I had the honor of serving as board chair for Wilson OIC and was involved in helping to secure its present site, which was an abandoned elementary school in the city. 
Jones’ work with OIC, he has been a leader among OICs nationally and internationally. He was a personal friend and confidant of the national founder, the Reverend Dr. Leon Howard Sullivan, who must be remembered as the first African American to serve on the board of directors for General Motors and the author of the Sullivan principles, which led to the dismantling of South Africa’s system of apartheid. 
Mr. Speaker, Howard Jones has received more than 100 awards during his career: in 1987, he received the Governor’s Award for Outstanding Volunteer Service; in 1987, he was recognized at the national level with the Thomas Jefferson Award; in 1997, President Clinton presented Mr. Jones with the Lifetime Achievement Jefferson Award; and in 2009, he received the First Community Stellar Award by Success Dynamics. The list goes on and on. 
OIC, four times each year, distribute thousands of pounds of food to lowincome families in the community. When they conduct their food distribution program, hundreds of citizens literally line up through the night to receive these commodities. Howard Jones, Mr. Speaker, is an icon in our community. 
Sylvia Neal Jones, for many years. He is the father of five adult children and seven grandchildren. 
join me in congratulating Howard Curtis Jones on being selected as Outstanding Rural Leader of the Year. He is most deserving of this honor. Mr. Jones is an example of how a single individual can make an immense positive impact in his community, in his State, 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KINZINGER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I had no intention of coming to the floor and actually speaking this morning—I have a committee hearing, in fact—until I saw the news. 
briefly. Every day there are men, women, and children that live in a nation called Syria that wonder if the next barrel bomb is going to come and drop in their neighborhood. Now, this isn’t a barrel bomb targeted, by the way, at any real opposition. It is targeted at inflicting the maximum amount of pain on innocent civilians so that a brutal dictator by the name of Bashar alAssad can ruthlessly, heartlessly keep power for himself in a country that does not want him. 
chemical weapons against his own people. Young kids were choking and gasping for air, knowing that this was their last breath and knowing that their dreams of becoming a doctor, a police officer, maybe a teacher was cut short by this ruthless, heartless man, Bashar alAssad. 
You know, Mr. Speaker, the President said a few years ago, almost divisively, that the opposition to Bashar alAssad is just a bunch of doctors, lawyers, and pharmacists, as if that were a bad thing. 
lawyers, and pharmacists in charge of Syria today would be a very good thing. Mr. Speaker, about 2 weeks ago I stood in this Chamber and gave just a 1minute address and said: Let me be clear. There is one reason and one reason only that Russia finds itself in the Middle East and one reason and one reason only that Russia finds itself in Syria, and that one reason is to prop up this brutal dictator Bashar alAssad. 
would not exist in Syria had it not been for Bashar alAssad brutally cracking down on the opposition, the peaceful opposition of his own people, but today we see that ISIS calls Syria home and we find ourselves engaged— albeit halfheartedly—in a war against ISIS because of this brutal dictator Bashar alAssad. I stood in this Chamber and warned that the reason Russia is there is to prop him up. 
had no intention of coming onto the floor, Mr. Speaker, except this morning I saw the news that Russia has begun airstrikes in the Middle East. Now, if they were striking against ISIS, some could maybe argue that, hey, this is an opportunity to unite a world coalition. But it appears that, actually, the Russians have struck the doctors, lawyers, 
and pharmacists that are the loyal opposition for a free Syria against Bashar alAssad. 
This is not a Russia interested in defeating ISIS for the sake of the peace of the world. This is a Russia interested in rebuilding the Soviet empire and propping up their dictators in the Middle East, regardless of that dictator having killed a quarter million of his own people. This is not a choice between Bashar alAssad or ISIS. Mr. Speaker, to defeat ISIS, you must defeat Bashar alAssad. The two choices are not separate. They are one and the same. 
Sometimes in my party’s Presidential debate I hear candidates, one or two in particular, that say Assad is our best choice in the Middle East. Mr. Speaker, if you would allow me, as a Christian, to say, as a follower of Jesus myself, no Jesus Christ I follow would call a man who brutally murders 250,000, at least, of his own people, especially women and children—no Christ I follow would call that man an ally or a friend in any way. 
This is not a choice that is just one 
layer deep. This is a complicated situation in the Middle East that must be handled with American leadership. Mr. Speaker, I hope that the President sees this as an opportunity to reassert America’s role in the Middle East. It doesn’t mean he has to send 300,000 troops back into the Middle East. Not a single person I have heard on either side of the aisle has suggested even once another 300,000 troops in the Middle East. 
the absence of American leadership, chaos, violence, death, and poverty follow suit. What we are seeing in the Middle East is a lack of American leadership and a situation spun out of control. 
has taken his licks for his policy in the Middle East, but at the end of the George W. Bush administration, if you looked at the Middle East then compared to the Middle East today, it is no comparison. 
Mr. Speaker, I hope I wake up tomorrow and hear on the news that President Obama has said that America will reassert its leadership in the Middle East, but I won’t hold my breath. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
described the Republican House and Senate as a ‘‘responsible rightofcenter governing majority.’’ But how responsible is it that we are about to start a new fiscal year with no plan for how to fund our government? We are hours away from a shutdown, and Congress has yet to even begin budget negotiations. Instead of doing the job the American people sent us here to do, we are celebrating that maybe we have found a way to keep the government open for 2 months—2 months. That is what we consider a bipartisan victory these days. Now, we may prevent a shutdown today, but let’s be clear. Doing the bare minimum to keep the government from closing is not responsible. It is hardly governing at all. 
take on the big issues and to get things done. They want us to fight for infrastructure, for education, for jobs, not just to keep the lights on. We are letting partisan games get in the way of governing, and it is not only hurting our government, it is hurting our constituents. 
funding prevents the government from operating effectively and efficiently, and it costs taxpayers money. We are shortterm funding, and we are ignoring changes in our policy priorities and restricting agencies from shifting dollars around to meet emerging challenges. 
that forcing the Pentagon to operate on a shortterm CR would hurt our national security by restricting our ability to respond to new threats. Moreover, a CR severely limits the government’s ability to plan ahead or start new projects. That is because there is no guarantee the money will be there in 2 months. 
How do agencies manage this uncertainty? By freezing hiring and training, shortening terms for grants and contracts, forgoing maintenance, and delaying scheduled pay raises. In addition, agencies have to waste countless resources preparing for contingency plans for shutdowns that may or may not happen. 
Republicans like to talk about running government more like a business. Is this how they would run a business? What successful business budgets 2 months at a time? 
have been demanding is for Republicans to sit down with us and craft a longterm, bipartisan budget so we can finally get rid of the harmful, across theboard spending cuts of sequestration so we can reprioritize and restore funding in areas like education, R&D, infrastructure, and national security in a fiscally responsible way so we can plan for the future. 
The best way to do that is to return 
to regular order. That means offering progrowth budget resolutions that address our longterm fiscal challenges in a responsible way. No partisan austerity plans that keep the indiscriminate and harmful sequestration in place. It also means bringing appropriation bills to the floor free of ideological policy riders. There is a time 
and place to debate controversial issues. That is why we have authorizing committees. 
can put partisan politics aside and ignore obstructionist demands, we can 
get back to passing budgets under regular order, not a partisan budget that fails to address the sequester, not a CR that operates to keep agencies from planning more than 2 months out, and definitely not the threat of another shutdown. 
leadership will come a renewed effort to bring back longterm budgeting under regular order. That is the kind of responsible government the American people expect of us. That is the kind of responsible governing that the American people deserve. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
to this floor numerous times to stand for a priority that I have committed myself to here as a Member of this Congress, and that is to stand up for individuals and protect the private property rights that our fellow American citizens enjoy in owning their properties, their homes, their family farms, and their other property that they have worked tirelessly to obtain. 
I care about defending the constitutional rights given to all Americans and the generations that will follow us in the future. I fundamentally believe, Mr. Speaker, the American citizens’ land is their land; it is not our government’s. 
more and more input in our office about examples of Big Government taking people’s property without just compensation and abusing the power of eminent domain. I have heard of family farms. I have heard of homes. I have heard of rights that have been squashed time and time by Big Government. 
They essentially have two choices, either roll over, submit to the government and take what the government gives them or they try to fight and they use up their own precious resources while they fight a Big Government that seems to have endless amounts of resources and time, Mr. Speaker, on their side. 
I want to put this in a personal perspective for my fellow Members and American citizens. This gentleman is a gentleman by the name of Charlie Birnbaum of Atlantic City, New Jersey. Mr. Birnbaum is the son of immigrants who came to America after surviving the brutality of the Holocaust. His parents bought a home, raised a family, and passed that home on to Charlie. They lived and are living the American Dream. 
is something where they have raised their family, enjoyed family memories, and where Mr. Birnbaum is living the American Dream and providing resources by teaching piano lessons out 
Since early 2014, the Casino Reinvestment Development Authority of New Jersey wants to take this home and give it to an unknown entity. They don’t even have a plan to redevelop this home. They just want his property. That is not right, Mr. Speaker. That is not the American way of life. That is not the American Government that I am going to allow to abuse this man’s precious home. 
put together. The Defense of Property Rights Act is a piece of legislation that has come out of the Property Rights Caucus, working with my fellow Members from Maine to Alabama, to California, to stand up for private properties in America. 
I introduced the legislation in January. The Defense of Property Rights Act would stand with people like Charlie and say: What America and the Big Government mentality of today is doing is wrong, and there are Members in Washington, D.C. who are joining us in the fight to say no more. We will force through that legislation accountability. We will make sure that government thinks about what it is doing before it destroys Charlie’s American Dream and the Charlies across the country. Because, if it can happen to Charlie, Mr. Speaker, it can happen to anyone. 
whatever I can to stand with those fellow American citizens and say: We are not going to let this happen. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. ASHFORD ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor a dear friend who has not only left his mark on a nationally recognized Omaha business, but also on the city itself. Fred Simon joined the family business Omaha Steaks back in 1959, helping to make it the household name and success story it is today. 
beyond the bottom line. Through his love of the arts, he spent many years helping propel the city of Omaha into a worldclass community. Art lovers in Omaha have long recognized the role Fred played in elevating the city’s cultural stature. It has been said that he knew that great cities need great art. With that goal in mind, Fred helped bring a fulltime professional opera company to Omaha, and he didn’t stop there. 
president, financially backing and attending the opera for more than four decades, Fred once said that he was sensitive to the meaning of words and the power of music. Fred, you will certainly be missed on many levels. Omaha thanks you for a life that has indeed been well lived. JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ) for 5 minutes. 
today in support of H.R. 3457, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act. Iran currently owes $43.5 billion to victims of statesponsored terrorism. Hundreds of Americans have personally felt the impact of Iranian terrorism. In the last 30 years, Americans studying abroad, teaching or traveling through the Middle East have been taken hostage, killed in suicide bombings and gunned down by members of the Islamic jihad. 
The damages owed have been previously awarded by U.S. courts under Federal law, and the judgments remain unsatisfied by the Islamic Republic of Iran. Under the President’s Iran deal, sanctions on Iran will be lifted, and an estimated $150 billion in assets will be released to them, and not one single cent will be used to pay the debts owed to the victims of Iraniansponsored terrorism. 
the victims of its terrorism by ensuring that not one cent of sanction relief goes to Iran until the victims are paid. 
I am a proud cosponsor of Mr. MEEHAN’s legislation, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
this morning, the United Nations will take yet another action that only serves to further undermine the prospects for peace between Israelis and Palestinians and underscores the lengths to which the United Nations and many of its member states will go in order to wrongly isolate and delegitimize the democratic Jewish State of Israel. 
the first time ever at the U.N., that body is allowing Palestinians to continue with their scheme to achieve unilateral statehood without having to honor their obligations to reach a peaceful settlement through direct negotiations with Israel. 
Assembly this week, President Obama had an opportunity to denounce this latest stunt and press for the United Nations to abandon its course of action and return to the principles of its own diplomatic agreements with regard to resolving the peace process; yet, as usual, the President remained silent. That silence speaks volumes about the administration’s policy toward Israel, our closest friend and ally, and it will surely only serve to embolden Abu Mazen. Today, Abu Mazen will address the U.N. General Assembly, and his 
will surely continue his ploy to achieve unilateral statehood recognition from sympathetic states and U.N. entities that are dominated by antiIsrael bias, like the Human Rights Council. What a misnomer. And, of course, he will blame Israel for not being able to achieve peace, when it is Abu Mazen who repeatedly has rebuffed overtures from Israel Prime Minister Netanyahu to return to the table to discuss a mutually agreeable resolution. 
past several years—a sight unseemly and unbecoming—the administration publicly admonish and insult our ally Israel and its leaders, applying a false moral equivalency between Israel and the Palestinians; yet when it comes to Abu Mazen’s intransigence or Palestinian incitement, the Obama administration remains reserved in its condemnation, if it feigns the appearance of disapproval at all. 
Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state, must renounce the use of violence and put an end to the repeated rocket attacks and acts of terror, and must sit down with Israel to be an earnest partner for peace. 
10th year of a 5year term as the leader of the Palestinian Authority, is only interested in selfpreservation and self interest. The onus lies with Abu Mazen and the Palestinian Authority to live up to their obligations and previous diplomatic agreements. If and when it doesn’t—for surely, I know that they won’t—the U.S. must be ready to cut off financial assistance to the Palestinians. 
used as leverage to ensure that the Palestinians honor their commitments and negotiate a peaceful twostate solution directly with Israel without any preconditions. We must also veto any attempts by the Palestinians to bring another resolution to the U.N. Security Council to advance their illegal unilateral statehood scheme and must make Abu Mazen pay for the consequences of these destructive actions. 
platitudes, and the administration officials will say that no other President has done more for Israel’s security. But I caution that it isn’t what the administration or the President says regarding Israel; it is what they don’t say that we should also be paying attention to. That is why the President’s silence on Israel and the Palestinians at the U.N. General Assembly this week is all too telling, and that is why it is up to us in Congress to do what we can to support Israel, to support the Jewish state’s right to exist and its right to defend herself, and to use the leverage we have. 
Ladies and gentlemen, nearly $10 billion in U.S. taxpayer dollars, your 
must use that leverage at the U.N. to hold those entities accountable and to fight back this fraudulent unilateral statehood scheme and these efforts to delegitimize Israel. 
to signal to the world that our commitment is an unbreakable bond between the U.S. and the democratic Jewish state and that that bond is unwavering. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
September 10, 2014, President Obama announced that the United States would ‘‘degrade and ultimately destroy’’ ISIS. ISIS has obviously not gotten the memo. This terrorist group keeps moving across the Middle East, killing those who stand in its way by raping, pillaging, and murdering those who disagree with them. ISIS controls half of Syria and large parts of Iraq. Civilized society is losing to these barbarians. 
a counterterrorism strategy, the terrorist group’s numbers have not decreased. In fact, ISIS has grown in size, with affiliates all over the world, including Indonesia, Yemen, Egypt, and even Libya. 
has been plagued with little measurable successful results. From the very beginning, military officials warned that airstrikes alone that relied on virtually no human intelligence or onthe ground intelligence would not be successful. Without good intelligence, the number of airstrikes the U.S. has carried out have been few, and the results are uncertain. 
Also, ISIS fighters killed by our airstrikes are just replaced by other jihadists. Our intelligence estimates that ISIS’ numbers are the same as they were when our airstrikes began. 
million train and equip program has proved to be a failure by anyone’s measure. In July, officials reported they had identified 7,000 planned participants but only trained 60 of these mercenaries. Later that month, 54 fighters crossed into Syria to fight ISIS forces that numbered in the tens of thousands. Of those 54 mercenaries, virtually all were killed, captured, or scattered when attacked. We are now down to four or five U.S.trained mercenaries, according to General Lloyd Austin of CENTCOM. 
week, we sent a second group of 70 U.S.trained mercenaries into Syria. Just 1 day later, reports suggested that one of the officers defected and surrendered his arms to al Qaeda’s Syrian affiliate, and several truckloads of weapons were allegedly traded to the terrorist group alNusra for safe passage. It is time to abandon this failed train 
The reality is just as bleak on the online battlefield. ISIS has 30,000 to 40,000 social media accounts. It uses the Internet to spread propaganda, raise money, and find recruits as far away as Washington State. 
a strategy to combat terrorist use of social media. Four years later, we still haven’t seen that plan. No plan, no degrading ISIS, no defeating ISIS. 
has also been doctored to cover up how badly the war against ISIS is going. Meanwhile, thousands of people are fleeing the Middle East—flooding Europe and demanding entry into other Western nations because of the ISIS carnage and the chaos in Syria as well. 
ISIS, we should be focusing on what we can do better and how we can improve our strategy without using U.S. ground troops. 
into more direct threats to our national security and interests, both abroad and at home. ISIS wants to destroy the United States and everything we stand for. ISIS fears no one—certainly not the United States—so it continues to murder in the name of its radical jihad. It has already killed innocent Americans. 
American people from this radical Islamic threat. So what is the plan? Let the Russians defeat ISIS and prop up the butcher of Syria, Assad, and let him remain in power? Who knows. The current U.S. plan seems to be like the war in Vietnam: don’t win, don’t lose. 
the U.S. is in or out in the fight against ISIS. If it is in the national security interest of the United States to degrade and defeat them, we need to define the enemy and defeat them. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. HIMES) for 5 minutes. 
generally in the habit of agreeing with my friend from Texas, but I do thank him for posing some really challenging questions about our activities in Syria. 
I think it is fair to say that the situation in Syria has gotten worse, not better. And only now that the chaos in Syria results in the flow of hundreds of thousands of people into Europe and into surrounding and delicately constructed countries, only now that we are having a conversation about how many Syrian refugees we will take in the United States are we beginning to take notice of the moral tragedy that has been with Syria for many, many years. 
the deaths of more than 300,000 people. It has created 4 million refugees and displaced more than 6.5 million people 
into places like Jordan and Turkey— and now, in Europe and elsewhere around the world. 
that we have made, which my friend from Texas referred to, have been ineffectual, to put it mildly, and the situation grows worse. We watch now the Russians introducing military equipment into Syria, something that can only result in more violence, more death, and more refugees. We see, sadly—and I have watched this closely from my perch on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence—ISIS gaining in strength, not losing strength. 
had about U.S. efforts to train and equip the socalled Syrian moderates. There are conversations to be had about how we deal with Russian influence in the area. But something we must focus on now, and something that is the subject of a letter that I and 54 of my colleagues have sent to the President of the United States, is that the only real solution in Syria, a solution that should be implemented today, is for the international community, all of the players that have a stake and influence in Syria, to come together today to begin the process of working out an international agreement, the terms of which will undoubtedly be uncomfortable for us, but an agreement that will bring an end to the civil war. This agreement should provide for the exit of Bashar alAssad. He has lost all credibility as a global leader, but he remains there. 
and moral crisis in Syria, that conference would allow us to finally align behind an objective that I believe is shared by pretty much everybody in the region, which is the destruction of ISIS. 
Until we take this step of coming together around a table that, yes, will involve some unsavory characters, that, yes, will not lead to an agreement that we regard as perfect, until we do that, we will simply be managing chaos. And maybe we will manage chaos well, but it will still be managing chaos: hundreds of thousands of refugees and the destabilization that that will cause, more weaponry being introduced, more U.S. taxpayer dollars expended. 
We can do that. That is what we have 
been doing. We can do it for more months and more years. Or we can do the obvious thing, which is get around a table—and I do call on the President of the United States to show American leadership in this—and say we don’t leave the room until this moral tragedy is stopped. 
This is what it would mean to be a 
leader in the world. We can bomb. We can send military equipment. We do that a lot. Real leadership will involve saying we will come together with people we like and people we don’t to solve this problem. 
I call on this House to assist me and 
can finally bring this tragedy in the Middle East to an end. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate concurs in the House of Representatives amendment to the Senate amendment with an amendment to the bill (H.R. 719) ‘‘An Act to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes.’’. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Reverend William Vanderbush, Cathedral of Praise, Austin, Texas, offered the following prayer: 
stand in awe and gratitude at Your goodness and Your grace for our Nation. 
our Congress, our Representatives, and our President a spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of You and of Your love. 
may You give them visions, dreams, and new ideas that will shape the course of history for Your glory. 
the States united and not divided. Jesus, let us be one with each other just as we are one with You. 
would bless them in their sacrifice and service. I declare healing, grace, wholeness, and peace for all of our Representatives and our Nation today. 
Your will be done on Earth as it is in Heaven. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
from Delaware (Mr. C ARNEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CARNEY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM) is recognized for 1 minute. 
to thank Reverend Bill Vanderbush for serving as guest chaplain of this body today. 
When I was a little girl living on a 
ranch in South Dakota, every Sunday morning, my dad would load us up in a big Oldsmobile fourdoor diesel car and drive us the long way into town to church. And every Sunday morning he religiously would turn on the radio to KWAT, and we would listen to the sound of Henry Vanderbush’s voice fill the car all the way to town. 
was proudly known as the ‘‘cow barn preacher,’’ and he spoke to us every single Sunday growing up. When I hear his voice today still, my eyes fill with tears thinking of my dad and how much he loved him. 
years ago, I had the opportunity to meet Bill Vanderbush, his son, on an airplane. They have prayed for me; they have encouraged; they have lifted me up, and they have been wonderful friends and prayer partners throughout that. 
and his ministry. They are working to expand it, not only just to people in the country, but people in the city and people across the world. They carry a burden for people’s hearts in their souls, and I appreciate them and ask God to richly bless them and their family. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, I sit by 
heroes in my own hometown: a brave police officer and two sisters, Bre and Kaylie Lasley. 
house and began to viciously attack these two sisters with a knife. They defended each other, they supported each other, and they fought for each other’s lives. 
the area and, when he heard their screams, he ran to the rescue. Just seconds before this intruder was expected to take Bre’s life, this heroic police officer entered the scene and saved her. 
‘‘Right when we made eye contact, I knew that I was safe. It’s a miracle that he had so much composure. He was our angel.’’ 
where police officers put their lives on the line every single day to save us. I am proud to serve in a country where we know that the country isn’t great because of the actions of the government; it is great because of heroic and courageous actions of individuals, which is why I would like to present this police officer with my first Profile of Courage award. 
Friday, October 2, is Manufacturing Day, a day to celebrate the American manufacturing industry that has made our country great and to highlight emerging opportunities in the field of advanced manufacturing. 
birthplace of the American industrial revolution. It was in Pawtucket, Rhode Island, where Samuel Slater opened our country’s first successful cotton spinning factory that marked the beginning of a new era in American innovation. 
to the shipyards in Newport, goodpaying manufacturing jobs helped build a thriving middle class in Rhode Island and all across our country. 
fields like 3–D printing, medical device production, and renewable energy offer the promise of new opportunities to a 
American workers. It is critical that we seize these opportunities to help our country lead the world in manufacturing. 
history of America by investing in policies that create goodpaying American jobs. I urge my colleagues to stand up for commonsense policies that will enable the American manufacturing industry to lead the world. Let’s move forward in a bipartisan way with our Make It In America agenda. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, this weekend was Gold Star Mother’s Day, a day we set aside each year to honor the women who have lost 
a child or a grandchild who was actively serving in our great Nation’s military. It is a time to honor their strength, will, and perseverance. It is also a time to honor the memories of their loved ones. 
and that cost is paid first by our veterans and their families. That is why I am glad this week the House also did something to honor America’s Gold Star Fathers with the Gold Star Fathers Act. This bill grants these men the same status as Gold Star Mothers, regardless of their eligibility for civil service. 
your Nation supports you and that we are grateful for the service and sacrifice of your loved ones. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the life and work of Mr. Jim Gilliam, Sr. 
most prominent leaders. He fought tirelessly for social justice, gave voice to the voiceless, and created opportunities for generations of Delawareans. We are unquestionably better off because of the work to which Mr. Gilliam devoted his life. 
Buffalo Soldier in the U.S. Army. Afterwards, he served Delaware in many capacities, from being a peacemaker after the assassination of Martin Luther King to the director of New Castle County’s Department of Community Development and Housing. 
Gilliam in New Castle County, and since then, I have often sought and respected Mr. Gilliam’s counsel. He never minced words or pulled punches when giving you his opinion. 
I joined Mr. Gilliam for lunch recently, and he was as engaged as ever in challenging me to do the right thing 
and take on those in Congress who are getting in the way of progress. 
great Delawarean whose legacy will live on through those who continue to fight for fairness and equal opportunity for all Americans. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize a pharmacist in my district, Harry Webb, for his dedication to curbing the meth epidemic that has taken America by storm. 
across America, consuming working class Americans who build meth labs in rural areas using household products and ingredients. 
problem is appalling. In 2013, the Hoosier State had more meth incidents than any other State in the U.S. 
Harry and his team, the Citizen Action Committee, are working to curb meth production by partnering with local and State officials and pharmacies to reduce pseudoephedrine sales, the active ingredient in producing meth. They have taken the initiative in marketing drug abuse resistant products to their customers. 
country, but I am grateful for Harry’s dedication and work to reduce the amount of meth labs in our communities. 
honoring Harry Webb for his meth lab reduction program and his service to our State. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today is Wear Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. All summer we have heard reports of Boko Haram’s atrocities. This summer of savagery and brutality left us fearful for the fate of Nigeria and the Chibok girls. 
comes renewed help. We have learned of the reopening of public schools in Borno State, the very region where the Chibok girls were kidnapped over 500 days ago simply because they wanted an education. This reopening of schools gives us hope that, once the girls are returned, they will receive the education Boko Haram tried to steal from them. There are also negotiations taking place for the release of the girls. 
Until these precious girls are returned and Boko Haram is defeated, we will wear red every Wednesday and we will continue to tweet, tweet, tweet #bringbackourgirls. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
ObamaCare is simply failing rural America. A recent report showed that rural residents are left with even higher skyrocketing costs and even more barriers to care. 
A knee replacement in northern California, for example, is $43,000, but the price tag for that same service for a knee replacement in Los Angeles is $27,000. In addition, residents in northern California face a 7 percent increase, or a total of $384 a month or $4,600 a year, under Covered California. 
Our health industry needs competition, the key to driving costs down and increasing options for quality care. Unfortunately, the ACA has only discouraged competition, especially in rural areas where more and more physicians and providers are closing up shop, citing difficulties to operate under arbitrary regulations coming out of D.C. 
small business with red tape, let’s work to advance policies that encourage competition and location of doctors and nurses coming to rural America; and reward that innovation so we can tackle the issues plaguing rural health care, such as the staggering doctor and nurse shortage and increasing premiums and barriers to timely care. 
like Congress will narrowly avoid another costly and unnecessary shutdown. That is the good news. The bad news is that Congress will have the same fight again just before the holidays start. 
same dysfunctional record over and over? In my region, the last shutdown cost furloughs at our military installations; Olympic National Park closed its doors, hurting local employers; tribes and social service providers and others faced painful disruptions of funding. I don’t want to see that happen again. 
and energy obsessing about who the next Speaker will be. That is one job. We should be more concerned about the thousands of jobs we need to grow and keep not just in my region, but all around this country. 
grandstanding and sit down at the table. Let’s hammer out a budget agreement that finally ends the across theboard sequestration cuts and focuses on this Nation’s economy and its longterm growth. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize one of New Hampshire’s leading citizens, Cheryl Thibodeau of Portsmouth Regional Hospital. The hospital, serving the seacoast region of my State, awarded Cheryl its 2015 Frist Humanitarian Award for her service to the local community. 
Cheryl is a consummate teammate to her coworkers, frequently going above and beyond the call of duty. Outside work, she donates her time as part of the Pease Greeters organization to welcome home returning troops at Portsmouth airport. 
Sarah’s Ride, a charity that raises money for the Portsmouth Firefighters Charitable Association. Also in her spare time, Cheryl lends her medical expertise and friendly bedside manner to others in need of home care and she teaches New Hampshire’s young about the valuable profession she is engaged in. 
It seems that everyone has something positive to say about Cheryl and her efforts to make our State a better place. I have seen up close what she and the fantastic doctors and nurses at Portsmouth Regional Hospital do and could not be prouder of her work. 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans have brought us again to the brink of another government shutdown. Here we are, the last day of the fiscal year, and what we have before us today is a temporary, 2month budget to keep the government open, basically kicking the can down the road, failing to take up the priorities of the American people, failing to bring any kind of a jobs plan, any kind of a plan to fix our roads and bridges in this country to put Americans back to work. 
over and over again, and I imagine other Members do, too. They tell us: Do your job. Do your job. You have had months to bring budgets to this floor. Do your job. 
what the outcome looks like, but what we can’t accept is the fact that the Congress of the United States fails to do the one thing that it is directed to do under this Constitution. Do your job. 
This has gone on far too long. Democrats are ready to sit down and negotiate, to work together to try to come up with solutions to the big problems we face, but we can’t do it all by ourselves. We need a partner. Do your job. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to honor October as Special Operations Appreciation Month. The significance of October dates back to the roots of the first Special Forces service, aka the Devil’s Brigade. This unit, like others—Scouts and Raiders, Rangers, and Naval Demolition Units—is where modern Special Operations Forces draw their roots. 
We should also recognize the sacrifices of the families of these warriors. From my own experience, having served 23 years as a Navy SEAL and commander at SEAL Team 6, my wife, Lola, was oftentimes both mom and father. At one time during the war in Iraq, my wife, Lola, was at home with our two young boys while her husband, daughter, and soninlaw were all forward deployed. 
Month is just as much about the heroes at home as it is the heroes abroad. I ask you today to please join me in supporting and recognizing October as Special Operations Appreciation Month. May God bless America and the troops that defend her. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
the moment that House Republicans came to power, the majority has failed to do its job. They have consistently abdicated their responsibility to govern. They have consistently taken the American people on reckless legislative joyrides guaranteed to crash and burn. As former New York Knick Michael Ray Richardson once famously observed as his team’s season was headed in the wrong direction, this ship be sinking. 
to end their obsession with the Affordable Care Act, end their obsession with hurting immigrant families, end their obsession with Planned Parenthood. It is time to end sequestration, to fully fund the government, and get back to doing the business of the American people. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Nation’s debt is eating us alive, and without changing our disastrous fiscal 
course, the CBO warns that our interest costs will exceed our entire defense budget in just 8 years. 
Congress has adopted a budget to restore fiscal solvency. Having set that course, we now must stay that course. That is what the appropriations process is all about. 
blocked consideration of any of the appropriations bills we have sent them unless we discard the budget and put our country back on the road to bankruptcy. 
deadline. A temporary funding bill is necessary to keep the government open, and I would support it if the House and Senate leadership announced a timetable to complete our work and pledged to keep to that timetable. Without that announcement, a shortterm CR simply continues us on an unsustainable course. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, this September Feeding America’s national network of food banks and hunger advocates took part in Hunger Action Month, yet here in Congress, as September comes to an end, I am not sure that Hunger Action Month ever began. Nearly 49 million Americans, including over 15 million children, live in foodinsecure households. That is shameful. 
every community. In my own Florida district in Palm Beach and Broward Counties, about 15 percent of households are foodinsecure. That is nearly half a million people who don’t know where their next meal will come from. 
community and the work of groups like Feeding South Florida help keep hungry families fed, but those with the greatest power to end hunger are right here in the United States Congress. As Pope Francis said to this Chamber just last week: The fight against poverty and hunger must be fought constantly and on many fronts. Let’s heed his words. 
Security Improvement Act of 2015, a bill to ensure SNAP benefits reflect the real costs of feeding a family in need. I invite my colleagues to join me in sponsoring this legislation. Let’s mark the end of Hunger Action Month by taking action here in this House. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today I rise because September is Childhood Cancer Awareness Month. Every year countless children are diagnosed with different cancers, altering their lives forever. 
Jankovsky of Corpus Christi was diagnosed last year with acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Although her cancer and treatment have been a challenge, Kaitlyn has shown great tenacity in her fight against cancer. 
from children like Kaitlyn and thousands of others living with cancer every day. It is why I have introduced H. Res. 102 to designate a day in September as National Pediatric Bone Cancer Awareness Day. 
other children living with pediatric cancer well. Treatment and survival rates for pediatric bone cancer have remained virtually unchanged for a quarter of a century. For Kaitlyn and other children, let’s start changing that. 
to my heart: sickle cell anemia. Sickle cell is an inherited blood disease where red blood cells are abnormally shaped, making it hard to deliver oxygen throughout the body, often causing extreme pain, damaging vital organs, and possible stroke. 
My sister died from sickle cell just 2 weeks before her 27th birthday. I will never forget the many night trips to the emergency room to get care for her, since we didn’t have health insurance. 
about sickle cell disease. Today medical treatment and research for sickle cell has evolved. Thanks to the Affordable Care Act, more people now have health insurance, but we must still support Federal efforts to fund additional research and treatment opportunities. 
H.R. 1807, the Sickle Cell Research Surveillance, Prevention, and Treatment Act, which supports funding for advanced medical treatment and research. 
My colleagues, please join me in recognizing September as Sickle Cell Awareness Month by supporting legislation to treat this disease and by keeping our government running so critical sickle cell research and treatment can continue at the National Institutes of Health. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. RUPPERSBERGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to how sequestration and the current dysfunction in the House is hurting the American people, our infrastructure, our education, our national security, and our veterans. Sequestration has caused a severe slowdown in our job growth in this country, especially as it affects the middle class. 
resulting in the potential loss of close to 800,000 American jobs. These are jobs my constituents in Baltimore County region desperately need. Just yesterday my staff met with a constituent from Owings Mills, Maryland, who was laid off from a defense contractor due to sequestration cuts. 
The current fiscal year 2016 transportation and housing appropriation bill cuts TIGER grants, which are used to fund critical highway, transit, and important investments, by approximately $400 million. That is less than the fiscal year 2015 level and $1.2 billion less than the President’s request. We need this transportation money for jobs. Our infrastructure is failing. 
investment. Sequestration is not the answer. Continuing resolutions are not the answer. Passing the buck is not the answer. It is time for Congress to stop the nipandtuck tactics and make tough decisions about our priorities. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in 
support of S. 2082, and I thank Chairman MILLER for his efforts to extend 
authority for various VA healthcare, benefits, disability, housing, education, job training, and other assistance programs. 
Colorado veterans will receive a completed, stateoftheart new hospital in Denver. 
though, S. 2082 ensures that the type of construction mismanagement and cost overruns will not happen on future largescale VA construction programs. 
projects, Denver being, unfortunately, the largest, that they are not properly equipped to handle these large construction projects with their own in house capabilities. 
Corps of Engineers or NAVFAC or a different construction agency, but not 
the VA, will take on the task of managing these large construction programs. 
We must be good stewards of the taxpayers’ money and use that money wisely to care for the veterans. This bill is a step in the right direction to get VA construction back on the right path, while fulfilling the promise made with the hospital to our Nation’s veterans. 
of the men and women who have defended our country. 
I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). 
member for yielding and for her leadership on the VA Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in reluctant support of this bill, S. 2082, the VA Expiring Authorities Act. 
legislation will extend the authorization for some very good programs at the VA that provide valuable support and services for our Nation’s heroes. 
about one provision included in the bill. Title V raises the authorization for the Denver medical facility by more than $600 million. This facility is already $1 billion over budget and years behind schedule. 
how we are going to pay for this increase. That will come later today when the House considers a continuing resolution to keep the government running for another 10 weeks. Buried in the CR is a provision that allows the VA to play a shell game within their budget to pay for the Denver project. 
Now, we all believe that veterans everywhere, including in Denver, should have access to the best health care possible. But the funds for the Denver project should not come at the expense of veterans in Nevada and in other parts of the country. 
the $600 million to pay for the Denver facility and has said that these specific cuts are designed to ‘‘minimize the impact on veterans.’’ 
the truth, and it ignores reality. It is the epitome of robbing Peter to pay Paul. 
Let me remind you that, in the summer of 2014, we passed an emergency CHOICE Act of some $15 billion to help the VA with the healthcare backlog. 
summer and said they would have to close hospitals if we didn’t allow them to move some money out of the CHOICE Act. 
they needed $200 million just to keep the Denver project going for a while. Now the VA is saying: Oh, no problem. We can just move $600 million out of existing programs so we can help Denver without it hurting veterans. 
How can they possibly do this? The VA, I can tell you, has proposed 
cutting IT services, despite the fact that many of their IT systems are 30 years old and need to be replaced. 
that helps recruit and retain the best personnel to serve veterans at a time when they are struggling to recruit and retain qualified employees, including specialists and doctors. They want to cut eight construction projects around the country, from operating rooms to a dialysis center. 
sure things in Las Vegas. Well, I can tell you it is a sure thing that, soon enough, the VA will be coming back to Congress, proclaiming yet another doomsday if we don’t refill these accounts that they are now robbing. 
So I say to you Congress needs to do 
its job and actually pay for what we have bought. Wars are expensive. We need to recognize that. We can’t keep playing budget games and nickeland dime the services that the brave men and women who fought in these wars need and deserve when they come home. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Denver (Mr. COFFMAN ), an able co 
chair of the committee who has been in the forefront of this entire fight looking at the cost overruns, the mismanagement, and trying to keep this project on schedule. 
voice my support for the Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015. This legislation will continue numerous programs of critical importance to our Nation’s veterans, including a pilot program to increase women veterans’ access to health care, nursing home care authorities, and measures to combat veteran homelessness. 
allow for the completion of the VA replacement hospital in Aurora, Colorado, an absolutely critical project which will serve veterans not just in Colorado, but also in Utah, Montana, Wyoming and parts of four other States. 
In spite of the incredible mismanagement of this project by the VA and a shocking lack of accountability for those responsible, completing the hospital in Aurora has been my number one legislative priority. We must not punish our Nation’s veterans for the sins of incompetent VA bureaucrats. 
goal that I have worked towards for over a year, getting the VA out of the major construction business once and for all. 
For decades, the Government Accountability Office has highlighted enormous construction management deficiencies by the VA. 
of millions in cost overruns in April of 2013, the House passed my legislation, which would have handed over the 
wasted by VA on mismanaged construction projects which could have gone instead towards veterans’ health care and benefits. 
leave the construction management of large projects to the experts, organizations like the Army Corps of Engineers, and allow VA to focus back to its core competencies, providing health care and benefits to our veterans. 
I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Denver, Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ), who really can give 
us a little institutional memory on the Denver regional hospital and who has been at the forefront of this hospital and this regional problem from the beginning. 
chairman of the committee for bringing S. 2082 to the floor for debate and hearing today. 
Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act. The legislation before us passed the Senate unanimously last week and is important for a number of VA programs our veterans rely on day in and day out. 
extensions, this legislation will authorize completion of the VA Medical Center under construction in Aurora, Colorado. This center is part of a major medical campus that includes the University of Colorado Medical School as well as Children’s Hospital of Denver. 
Colorado are also many of the doctors at the VA Medical Center. The center will include a full range of medical, laboratory, research, and counseling services as well as a 30bed spinal cord injury unit serving hundreds of thousands of veterans throughout the Rocky Mountain West. 
As the chairman mentioned, this hospital’s genesis began under President Clinton in 1999 with the Secretary of VA at that time. Under George Bush, it went through four Secretaries of the VA and, under President Obama, now two VA Secretaries. 
There is no doubt the VA mismanaged this project from the start; and as disappointing and unacceptable as this situation has been, we are where we are. Under the leadership of Secretary McDonald and Deputy Secretary Gibson, the VA has admitted their mistakes on this project, and they are both personally involved in completion of this facility. 
project in earnest. The facility is more than 50 percent complete, and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers has been brought in to oversee completion of the 
medical center. Bringing in the Army Corps is important so we, as a Congress, can be certain that any additional funds spent on this project are spent appropriately and the facility is completed without further delay. 
subcontractors have shown tremendous commitment to our Nation’s veterans by building a worldclass facility, and I am confident they will deliver this facility to our veterans throughout the Rocky Mountain West. 
nonVA Federal entity, like the Army Corps, to complete major construction projects valued at over $100 million. This is critically important towards ensuring accountability and preventing these large projects from being mismanaged again. 
and Ranking Member B ROWN , as well as 
Congressman C HARLIE DENT and Congressman B ISHOP , for their work with 
me and the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), who now represents the 
at the VA recently and much of it is welldeserved, but through the help of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and the Appropriations Committee, Rocky Mountain veterans will eventually see this medical center completed and receive the health care that they earned by their service to the United States of America. 
I thank the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. PERLMUTTER ) for working so 
closely with Mr. C OFFMAN , a true bipartisan effort, to see this project to completion. 
from Florida has 11⁄2minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Florida has 9 minutes remaining. 
since I have 9 minutes remaining, and I have no further speakers, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER ). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Florida yields 5 minutes to the gentleman from Florida. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Florida is recognized. 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM), a member of the committee that 
has worked very hard on this particular issue, especially the Expiring Authorities bill, the chairman of the 
of S. 2082; however, I would like to note that I am also deeply disappointed that we are not voting on the House bills which would have limited awards and bonuses to VA employees. It is my belief that we have missed an opportunity to bring muchneeded accountability to the VA, and know that I will work tirelessly to bring accountability to the VA for the American people. 
S. 2082, also known as the Department of Veterans Affairs Expiring Authorities Act of 2015, includes multiple necessary provisions supporting our Nation’s heroes, including veterans who are homeless, disabled, or suffering from PTSD. 
Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, I introduced a particular provision in S. 2082 to extend contract exams for veterans applying for disability benefits. Extending contract exams is a commonsense measure to cut through the bureaucratic red tape and ensure our veterans are getting the care they need when they need it. 
examination in support of their application for disability benefits. The problem is that there are not enough examiners to perform these evaluations in a timely manner in the VA system. 
it easier for the VA to arrange for the veterans to get disability examinations by permitting a licensed physician to conduct these examinations anywhere in the United States as long as the doctor is under a VA contract. This is common sense, and I urge passage of the bill. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the 
former chairman of the Veterans Affairs Committee, a stalwart supporter of America’s veterans. 
my good friend for yielding, and I thank the gentlewoman from Florida, CORRINE BROWN , for her courtesy. 
Veterans’ Affairs Committee for a quarter of a century, including stints as vice chairman and full committee chair. I believe that our Nation’s veterans are fortunate to have a great champion with the gentleman from Florida, Chairman MILLER , at the 
Chairman M ILLER has led the committee with aggressive oversight and accountability of the oftentroubled Department. He has shepherded numerous bills into law, including the VA Choice Program, which expands timely and local access to health care for veterans, and, working so closely in a bipartisan way with Ranking Member BROWN , ensured that the VA has the resources and the authorities to meet 
bill. I will just take a brief moment to comment on title III. 
provisions from a law that I wrote back in 2001 known as the Homeless Veterans Comprehensive Assistance Act, or Public Law 107–95. That law established the grant programs that included female veterans, homeless veterans with special needs, children, serious mental illnesses, and incarcerated veterans. The act authorized dental care. We learned through our hearing process that not only oral health—but overall health as well—is negatively affected with broken and diseased teeth and gums. And you don’t get a job with busted teeth. Oral health was critical, so we put that into the bill. Job training and expanded domiciliary care programs were also expanded. It also authorized the Advisory Committee on Homeless Veterans and launched the national goal, which has now been replicated since 2010, of attempting to end chronic homelessness among veterans. We also did the Department of Labor’s Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program and the HUDVASH program. 
that almost 300,000 veterans were homeless at some time during that year. By fiscal year 2013, that number had decreased to approximately 140,000 veterans. Of course we now have a different, altered way of calculating, but, unfortunately, on any given night last year, just under 50,000 veterans were still on the street. 
much so that no veteran is on the street and suffering homelessness. We need to bring them back into society. 
Thank you, Chairman M ILLER , for your leadership on this bill and your staff’s work to bring it to the floor in a timely manner to ensure that the VA continues to provide the services necessary for veterans to successfully transition back to civilian life and live independently. 
Mr. Speaker, I served on the House Veteran’s Affairs Committee for a quarter of a century, including stints as vice and full committee chair and I believe that our nation’s veterans are fortunate to have a great champion with Chairman MILLER at the helm. Chairman 
oversight and accountability of the often troubled Department. You have shepherded numerous bills into law including the VA Choice program which expands timely and local access to healthcare for veterans and you’ve ensured that the VA has the resources and authorities to meet evolving needs. You have always put veterans and their dependents—first. 
Mr. Speaker, the bill we are voting on today 
will reauthorize over 30 critical programs that provide healthcare, education, and child care benefits to veterans and continue the VA’s homeless veterans and caregiver assistance. 
bill let me focus for a moment on Title III which extends many provisions first authorized by landmark legislation I authored in 2001 
known as the Homeless Veterans Comprehensive Assistance Act (Public Law 107–95). 
are reauthorizing today that focused on homeless female veterans; homeless veterans with special needs, children, serious mental illnesses, and incarcerated veterans. The Act authorized dental care—for better oral health and overall health—job training and expanded domiciliary care programs. It is hard to get a job if your teeth are cracked and deteriorated. It authorized the Advisory Committee on Homeless Veterans and launched the national goal of attempting to end chronic homelessness among veterans within a decade of the enactment of the Act. And among its many other provisions, it increased funding for two programs that were effective but seriously underfunded. 
Homeless Veterans Reintegration Program— which helps homeless veterans reenter and stay in the labor force. Allowing more veterans access to this program was critical, as a steady job is key to successfully maintaining a residence. 
which combines rental assistance with case management and clinical services. After enactment, utilization of these services spiked and more veterans received the assistance that has led to selfsufficiency and independence. 
highly effective means of reducing homelessness among our veterans population. 
300,000 veterans experienced homelessness that year. By fiscal year 2013, that number had decreased to approximately 140,000 veterans. 
they calculate homeless veterans to a pointin time estimate. The latest numbers show that we still have much work to do: on any given night last year, just under 50,000 veterans were on the street. 
many. Yet we are continuing to make progress and the numbers demonstrate how these programs, coupled with other recent and successful programs like the Supportive Services for Veteran Families (SSVF) Program which we are reauthorizing today, are tangibly assisting homeless or potentially homeless women and men who served in our nation’s armed forces. It is estimated that approximately 135,000 veterans and their families got assistance through SSVF in (FY) 2015 including funds to Soldier On and other initiatives in my state. 
join me in supporting S. 2082, sending this important bill to the President so that the vital programs helping our veterans will continue past the end of this fiscal year. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MILLER of Florida. I thank 
Ranking Member BROWN for her courtesy in yielding an additional few minutes for some of our Members who wanted to speak. 
we pass this piece of legislation today, but our job here is not finished. We 
must ensure that the appropriators now do their job and make sure that VA doesn’t, as the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS) said, rob Peter to 
pay Paul. It is important that we not take necessary dollars away from veteran health care in order to pay for their massive mismanagement of this particular facility. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WALZ. Mr. Speaker, I would like to 
thank my good friend from Florida for his work on the VA extenders bill. I appreciate his partnership as we continue to fight for our veterans. 
However, Mr. Speaker, I remain deeply disappointed that this extenders bill does not include an extension of the Agent Orange Act. 
Orange Act in 1991 to ensure care and compensation to Vietnam veterans exposed to Agent Orange. Before this bill, it was up to our veterans to prove their cancer or Parkinson’s was connected to their service in Vietnam and their exposure to Agent Orange. 
shifting the burden of proof from the veteran to the VA. Under the Agent Orange Act, the IOM would study Agent Orange and determine which diseases were associated with exposure to Agent Orange. This process removed the burden of proof from our Vietnam veterans when they applied for disability compensation. 
that have led to the presumption of service connection for diseases such as Parkinson’s, Bcell leukemia and early onset peripheral neuropathy. Without these studies, thousands of Vietnam era veterans would have gone without the benefits they greatly deserve. 
The Agent Orange Act is set to expire tomorrow, but IOM is still working on their last report. 
has done for our Vietnam veterans, Congress is going to let this bill expire tomorrow. 
Mr. Speaker, it never costs too much to ensure justice for our veterans. 
this bill expire and leaving it up to the VA to add new diseases to the presumption list. 
veterans for over a decade, and it is irresponsible to let our oversight expire and simply leave it up to the VA’s discretion. 
responsibilities and hand them over to an agency, simply because we do not like the price tag. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to demand Leadership go back and find an offset outside of the VA to ensure our veterans get the benefits they earned. 
They completed their mission in Vietnam, now we must complete ours. 
By finding an offset and passing this extension, we will make certain that when the IOM’s final report is published, the VA is obligated to review it and follow their recommendations. 
We owe these heroes nothing less. Mr. TOM PRICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I 
dollar project, the VA is now requesting yet another funding transfer from Congress to bring the total price tag of this medical facility to an astounding $1.675 billion, more than $800 million dollars over budget. Mismanagement of construction projects, and the unacceptable waste of taxpayer dollars, unfortunately have been an ongoing problem at the VA. It is deplorable and should not be tolerated by Congress or the Administration. 
This project is a perfect example of why the 
VA is in dire need of wholesale reform in addition to continued oversight by Congress to ensure that the VA is transparent, accountable, and ultimately able to best serve our nation’s veterans. I fully support the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs Chairman JEFFMILLER ’s 
efforts to directly address the construction problems at the VA and other efforts by his Committee to enforce accountability agency wide, including H.R. 1994, the VA Accountability Act of 2015, which passed the U.S. House of Representatives on July 29, 2015. I also applaud Chairman MILLER ’s version of an 
increased authorization for the Denver project bill, H.R. 3595, because it included offsets to help pay for the increase in costs at the Denver facility. These offsetting policies in H.R. 3595 are a clear indication that the U.S. House of Representatives is no longer willing to tolerate misbehavior and poor performance at the VA and include the following: limitation on awards and bonuses for VA employees, reduction of benefits for members of the Senior Executive Service at the VA convicted of certain crimes, and authority for the VA Secretary to recoup bonuses or awards paid to employees in the past if deemed appropriate pursuant to regulations. Unfortunately, S. 2082 does not include these offsets and allows the VA to decide which funds to transfer to the Denver project. 
for the Tampa facility from ‘‘providing bed tower upgrades,’’ which was originally authorized and appropriated in the Supplemental Appropriations Act of 2008 (P.L. 110–252), to ‘‘constructing a new bed tower’’ and designating this new purpose of the monies as an emergency requirement. The emergency designation, which is under the jurisdiction of the Budget Committee, is defined for needs that are urgent, unforeseen, and would result in imminent loss of life or property if left unmet. I do not believe that the authorization modification in S. 2082 meets these criteria since it is occurring seven years after the original emergency designation for this purpose in P.L. 110–252. I think most members of Congress would agree that this provision does not qualify as an emergency as defined by the Committee’s criteria and I am disappointed that this emergency provision is included in S. 2082. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 10 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ) at 2 o’clock and 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H. CON. RES. 79, DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 719, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 719, TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–272) on the resolution (H. Res. 448) providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 79) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in 
the enrollment of H.R. 719, and providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
OF H. CON. RES. 79, DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 719, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO THE HOUSE AMENDMENT TO THE SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 719, TSA OFFICE OF INSPECTION ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 2015 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 448 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 79) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719. All points of order against consideration of the concurrent resolution are waived. The concurrent resolution shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the concurrent resolution are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the concurrent resolution to adoption without intervening motion or demand for division of the question except 20 minutes of debate equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader or their respective designees. 
shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. SLAUGHTER ), my 
good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? 
the Committee on Rules met and reported a rule for consideration for both H. Con. Res. 79, directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719, and H.R. 719, the Continuing Appropriations Act 2016. 
H. Con. Res. 79 under a closed rule with 20 minutes of debate equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and his designee and the minority leader or her designee. In addition, the rule makes in order a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, with 60 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
Mr. Speaker, first, this resolution allows for consideration of H. Con. Res. 79, which directs the Clerk of the House to include the text of the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015 in the enrollment of H.R. 719. This would allow the House to again state its position in opposition to the funding of Planned Parenthood as it has already done by passage of both H.R. 3495 and H.R. 3134. In addition, Mr. Speaker, the rule provides for consideration of the shortterm continuing resolution. 
Appropriations, I am always disappointed when we are forced to consider continuing resolutions, especially given the work this House has done in the appropriations process this year. 
House Appropriations Committee was able to complete all 12 appropriations bills, and complete them before the August recess. Unfortunately, just as in years past, Senate Democrats prevented consideration of any appropriations bills on the floor of that body. This leads us to the unfortunate situation of having to put forward a short term CR to fund the government through December 11. 
Most programs will continue being funded at their FY15 levels; however, it does adjust certain spending levels for critical needs, such as providing $700 million for wildfire suppression activities in the West, and it extends several programs that would otherwise lapse, like the collection of recreation fees for public lands. In addition, it maintains the moratorium on State and 
ahead the House, the Senate, and the President can come to an agreement on a path forward which ensures we are not in this same place in December. 
publicly that they cannot support this CR because it provides funding for Planned Parenthood. I want to assure my colleagues that no funding for Planned Parenthood is included in this legislation. 
First, a majority of Planned Parenthood funding, about 90 percent, comes through Medicaid and is not subject to appropriations. Of the remaining 10 percent, the largest portion, roughly $28 million, is funded through title X. These grant programs are competed for every year and are awarded in April, long past the length of this continuing resolution. 
the evidence seen in the atrocious videos that are so widely known, I want to assure my colleagues that no additional funds are provided for this organization in this bill. 
One of the preeminent responsibilities we are tasked with as Members of Congress is to ensure that the government continues to function. While a continuing resolution is not the ideal vehicle, the alternative of a government shutdown is not what we have all been sent to Washington to do. 
I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation. 
yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. 
down in 2013, I happened to be on the floor at midnight. Why, at this moment, eludes me. But I remember when the clock struck midnight that I made the comment that the great government of the United States of America was closed. 
out of this economy at a time when we were struggling, really, to get our economy back on track. That money mostly came from momandpop stores that were in Federal buildings or in the national parks. The inconvenience to Federal employees was enormous. They did get paid, but they were worried to death whether they would be able to meet their mortgage payments or to meet the college tuition payments. And yet so many people were dispossessed, practically. Veterans came to Washington to visit their memorials, only to find them closed. 
do not want to see that again. It was foolish then; it would be doubly foolish 
now. We are now on the edge of what we are going to do because we couldn’t get anything done. 
I am obsessed today by what occurred last night on television. I want to explain it to you, because I have said on this floor so many times— mostly during the 54 times we voted to defund health care—that what was going on here was a gigantic hoax. 
Committee that what we do has only a passing resemblance to what we are supposed to do. And I want to read a quote from what was said last night on Fox News by Representative MCCARTHY, who is the presumptive new 
What you are going to see is a conservative 
Speaker, that takes a conservative Congress, that puts a strategy in place to fight and win. And let me give you one example. 
Everybody thought Hillary Clinton was unbeatable, right? But we put together a Benghazi special committee, a select committee. What are her numbers today? Her numbers are dropping. No one would have known any of that happened had we not fought and made that happen. 
Speaker. It means that this was used as a hoax. We concerned ourselves with that, and now we are going to see another one of these special committees. The Benghazi Committee has already spent $4.5 million, on top of all the money that was spent in committees, to point out that there was nothing wrong in Benghazi. 
And, once again, I was on the floor of 
the House for the rule talking about setting up special committees for Benghazi, when I got a call from the mother of one of the former Navy SEALs who had died in that awful attack saying that her son had been a Navy SEAL, he knew his risks, and would we please stop bringing this up over and over again. 
from the Ambassador’s family, who said that he knew the language. He liked to be out with the people. He could not be confined behind a wall. 
Committee this morning that we would be happy to give them the rule for the CR. We want a clean CR. We were pleased as all get out when the Senate sent us a clean CR. But no, we are not going to do that. We are going to pretend, as part of the CR rule, that we are going to defund Planned Parenthood, which Mr. COLEjust pointed out 
has no money allocated to it directly in the Federal budget. 
So what we are going to defund is I 
don’t know what. HHS? Who knows. Maybe we will find out, maybe we won’t. But they are doing this hoax again simply to fool some of the people on their side who obviously know 
paper and on everybody’s lips that I have talked to that we were going to have to probably do that. But putting that on the rule this morning meant that we cannot support it. Perhaps you have the votes to do it by hoaxing people, but I don’t know. 
We do know that that most conservative wing has harangued its leadership enough to add that vote on the bill even though, as I point out, we were very willing to give the votes on our side. 
votes to keep the Senate open and Congress moving, but we will not do that because we want to try to restrict a woman’s access to health care. We do it all the time. We have already had 14 votes. We did two or three this week. 
this majority want to take health care away from people—54 times to kill 
health care, 14 times to kill choice, which is constitutionally protected, I must add. 
So across the country, our constituents must be thoroughly surprised at what really is going on here. A lot of money is getting spent. It takes $24 million a week to run the House of Representatives. And think of the Benghazi Committees. If you recall, at both Armed Services and Intelligence, their Republican chairs—and bless them for it—said there is nothing there. 
whole purpose of all of it was never to do anything except to cause eternal grief to the families of the four people who lost their lives and to destroy a Presidential candidate. Could the Congress really stoop that low? I certainly hope not. The facts belie my hope. 
December 11, actually, when I suspect we will go through the same thing: Are we going to shut down the government or are we going to try to do our job? We do the same thing. We will have to put some things in to fool some people all the time so that they will think they are voting for something entirely different. Frankly, I am not going to try to explain why this is happening, because the people that it is meant to appease obviously know we are appeasing them. And it won’t last, but it sure is expensive. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I want to, first, point out a couple of 
areas where my friend and I do disagree. We certainly disagree about the value of the Benghazi Committee. Frankly, I think it has been conducted professionally and seriously by Mr. GOWDY . I think we have already 
learned some things we wouldn’t have known, including the fact that the former Secretary of State had a private server over which only she had access and control, a very unusual arrangement. So I will just let the committee continue its work and see where we end up at the end of the day. I want to disagree with my friend, 
with all due respect, on Planned Parenthood. That is just an area where we have a difference of opinion. I don’t think it is appropriate that they receive Federal funds. There are plenty of other ways. We provide $3.5 billion to thousands of public healthcare centers and community healthcare centers around the United States. Those provide all these same services. That is appropriate, and we should do that. 
friend. I agree very much with her sentiments on a government shutdown. She is precisely right, in my view, about what happened in the last government shutdown. It should not have occurred. This is a sincere effort to make sure that doesn’t occur now. The Appropriations Committee is certainly doing everything in its power to do that. 
Obviously, we need the administration, the Senate, and the House leadership to sit down and give us a framework. We are trying to buy them that time. I think we are doing it in a very responsible way. 
some disagreements in some areas, on the functioning of the government we have absolutely no disagreement whatsoever. I am pleased to be here working with her in those areas, and I am hopeful that the President, the Speaker, the majority leader, and the respective minority leaders can indeed come to a larger agreement that would allow a normal appropriations process to take place. First, an omnibus bill this year, and, hopefully, next year, an actual complete appropriations process such as we haven’t seen around here in many, many, many years. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I 
precarious time. At midnight tonight, the Government of the United States will close yet once again. Mr. COLEand 
I certainly have strong agreement on that, and I am happy for that. He is a true gentleman and a scholar here in Congress. But I continue to say that it saddens me greatly, because all of us who were wanting to vote for a clean CR, because of this rule, we will not have an opportunity to do that. 
I call for a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
also emphasizing the areas where we agree, which is on the maintenance of the government. And while we may have a difference over the rule, I would hope that my friend and many of her colleagues on the CR that has been agreed to would look on that favorably and would be able to support the CR, itself, as opposed to the rule. 
critical to prevent a government shutdown and to demonstrate to the American people that Congress can actually govern. The CR abides within the budget caps and does not provide any additional funding for Planned Parenthood, as some have claimed. In addition, the rule provides for consideration of an enrollment correction bill that would again make the position of the House clear in opposition to any additional funding for Planned Parenthood. 
support this rule and the underlying legislation. And, frankly, I want to encourage those who are now engaged in negotiations to arrive at a framework where the appropriations process can actually go forward, where we can sit down and seriously consider in a bipartisan way how best to fund the government in the coming year, and where, hopefully, we can get an agreement large enough that we can have a normal appropriations process next year where we actually bring bills individually to this floor, as we did 6 times, but actually do it for the full 12 that would be in order. That is my hope. That is what I am going to be working toward. I know my friend will be working in the same direction. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the resolution will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass S. 2082. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 239, nays 187, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) 
Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huizenga (MI) 
Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin 
Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel 
Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS EXPIRING AUTHORITIES ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2082) to amend title 38, United States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MILLER) that the House suspend the rules 
This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 11, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings 
Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) 
Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse 
Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3457, JUSTICE FOR VICTIMS OF IRANIAN TERRORISM ACT; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–273) on the resolution (H. Res. 449) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3457) to prohibit the lifting of sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the question of adopting a motion to concur pursuant to House Resolution 448 may be subject to postponement as 
DENHAM ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 719, and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 448, I call up the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Clerk will designate the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. 
the House amendment to the Senate amendment is as follows: 
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of applicable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agencies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, namely: 
and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division A of Public Law 113–235), except section 743 and title VIII. 
Act, 2015 (division C of Public Law 113–235), except title X. 
Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division D of Public Law 113–235). 
Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division G of 
Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division I of Public Law 113–235). 
Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (division K of Public Law 113– 235). 
or authority granted pursuant to section 101 for the Department of Defense shall be used to initiate multiyear procurements utilizing advance procurement funding for economic order quantity procurement unless specifically appropriated later. 
shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the pertinent appropriations Act. 
granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. 
Act shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization whenever a bill in which such applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. 
made available by or authority granted pursuant to this Act may be used without regard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this 
Act may be construed to waive any other provision of law governing the apportionment of funds. 
of this Act, except section 106, for those programs that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete distribution of appropriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2016 because of distributions of funding to States, foreign countries, grantees, or others, such high initial rates of operation or complete distribution shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. 
that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and activities. 
by reference to the second paragraph under the heading ‘‘Social Security Administration—Limitation on Administrative Expenses’’ in division G of Public Law 113–235; or 
by reference to the paragraph under the heading ‘‘Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services—Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Account’’ in division G of Public Law 113–235. 
amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Domestic Food Programs—Food and Nutrition Service—Commodity Assistance Program’’ at a rate for operations of $288,317,000, of which $221,298,000 shall be for the Commodity Supplemental Food Program. 
101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to pay ongoing debt service for the multifamily direct loan programs under sections 514 and 515 of the Housing Act of 1949 (42 U.S.C. 1484 and 1485): Provided, That the Secretary may waive the prohibition in the second proviso under such heading in division A of Public Law 113–235 with respect to rental assistance contracts entered into or renewed during fiscal year 2015. 
101 for ‘‘Department of Commerce—National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration—Procurement, Acquisition and Construction’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned launch schedules for the Joint Polar Satellite System. 
of Space Shuttle contracts and associated programs provided by language under the heading ‘‘National Aeronautics and Space Administration—Administrative Provisions’’ in the Omnibus Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 111–8) shall continue in effect through fiscal year 2021. 
title 31, United States Code, funds made available, including funds that have expired but have not been cancelled, and identified by Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 13–09/10– 0554 shall remain available for expenditure through fiscal year 2020 for the purpose of liquidating valid obligations of active grants. 
for which the period of performance has expired but are not finally closed out shall be considered active grants. 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), as most recently amended by section 1237 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to 
avoid disruption of continuing projects or activities funded in this appropriation. 
of this Act, except section 106, the District of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and activities under the District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2015 (title IV of division E of Public Law 113–235) at the rate set forth under ‘‘District of Columbia Funds—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2016 Budget Request Act of 2015 (D.C. Act 21–99), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
funds are provided by this Act for ‘‘Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board—Salaries and Expenses’’. 
Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking all that follows after ‘‘shall terminate’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2017.’’. 
provided by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Wildland Fire Management’’, there is appropriated $700,000,000 for an additional amount for fiscal year 2016, to remain available until expended, for urgent wildland fire suppression activities: Provided, That such funds shall only become available if funds previously provided for wildland fire suppression will be exhausted imminently and the Secretary of Agriculture notifies the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate in writing of the need for these additional funds: Provided further, That such funds are also available for transfer to other appropriations accounts to repay amounts previously transferred for wildfire suppression: 
Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 is amended by inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’ after ‘‘$37,000,000’’. 
of this Act, there is appropriated for payment to Tori B. Nunnelee, widow of Alan Nunnelee, late a Representative from the State of Mississippi, $174,000. 
fiscal year 2016, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may transfer up to $625,000,000 to ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration—Construction, Major Projects’’, to be merged with the amounts available in such account: Provided, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget, the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, or the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred until the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a request for, and receives from the Committees written approval of, such transfers: Provided further, That the Secretary shall specify in such request the donor account and amount of each proposed transfer, the fiscal year of each appropriation to be transferred, the amount of unobligated balances remaining in the account after the transfer, and the project or program impact of the transfer. 
amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs—Departmental Administration— 
General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ at a rate for operations of $2,697,734,000. 
101 for ‘‘Broadcasting Board of Governors— International Broadcasting Operations’’, ‘‘Bilateral Economic Assistance—Funds Appropriated to the President—Economic Support Fund’’, ‘‘International Security Assistance—Department of State—International Narcotics Control and Law Enforcement’’, ‘‘International Security Assistance—Department of State—Nonproliferation, Antiterrorism, Demining and Related Programs’’, and ‘‘International Security Assistance—Funds Appropriated to the President—Foreign Military Financing Program’’ shall be obligated at a rate for operations as necessary to sustain assistance for Ukraine to counter external, regional aggression and influence, including for the costs of authorized loan guarantees. 
101 for ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Management and Administration— Administrative Support Offices’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to maintain the planned schedule for the New Core Shared Services Project. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2016’’. 
House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 448, the motion shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. 
New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.R. 719, a shortterm continuing resolution to keep the government open and operating after the end of the fiscal year on September 30. 
This necessary measure funds government and services at the current rate through December 11 of this year. As in previous years, the CR also includes a small acrosstheboard reduction to keep within the fiscal year 2016 cap level set by the Budget Control Act. 
measure that prevents a harmful government shutdown, while allowing time for a larger budget agreement to be reached, and time to complete the full year appropriations work for 2016. 
It also includes a few responsible provisions to prevent disastrous, irreversible damage to government programs or to address current urgent needs. These changes are limited in scope and noncontroversial. For instance, these provisions extend the authority for critical Department of Defense activities that fight terrorism, increase funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs to help address the disability claims backlog, and provide emergency funding to the Forest Service to help respond to the disastrous wildfires that are devastating our Western States. 
is the best path forward at this time, it is also my strong opinion that Congress should do its job and enact actual, linebyline, separate appropriations bills ahead of our September 30 deadline. Clearly, this is not an option at this time, so we must resort to a temporary measure like this CR. 
A CR doesn’t reflect our most current budgetary needs. It creates uncertainty across the whole government and does not adequately address our national security obligations, and it causes needless waste when taxpayer dollars are spent inefficiently and ineffectively. 
Speaker, that we have arrived at this point once again requiring a temporary Bandaid to buy us time to do our constitutionally mandated duty. 
The House this year got off to a great 
start—beginning our appropriations work at the earliest date since 1974— the current Budget Control Act’s anniversary—and passing six of our 12 bills by July of this year. My committee reported out all 12 bills for the first time since 2009. And yet, the Senate refuses to act, giving us no choice but to try a continuing resolution. 
clear that all sides must come together to find some sort of agreement that addresses our current fiscal situation in a comprehensive way. This CR, while not ideal, is the next step toward that end, keeping the government’s lights on as we work to find a solution. 
just hours from now, I urge my colleagues to do the responsible and reasonable thing and support this continuing resolution today. 
avert this most recent crisis if we can get this bill to the President tonight, just hours before the entire Federal Government shuts down, but it is certainly not a cause for celebration. 
This very shortterm continuing resolution avoids the most immediate crisis. But what is step two? After we enact this stopgap measure, are there any firm plans to begin negotiating the fullyear appropriations bills we should be passing today? I remain deeply concerned about the potential of finding ourselves facing a government shutdown again in December. 
economy that is genuinely recovering. Unemployment is down. Economic growth is up. But we still have progress to make. The uncertainty and unnecessary tumult of playing games right up to the brink of a government shutdown is not helpful to our fragile economy. The last shutdown cost the economy $24 billion in GDP, according to Standard & Poor’s. 
weeks and takes care of only a handful of the most pressing Federal responsibilities: Provides desperately needed emergency firefighting funds to address the cataclysmic fires raging in the West; provides additional resources for processing disability claims at the Veterans Administration; increases the authorization in the Small Business Loan Guarantee Program to ensure new loans can be administered to help small businesses across the country; and extends several expiring authorizations for programs within the Department of Homeland Security. 
does not address other key priorities that could bolster our economy, such as the expired authority of the Export Import Bank, which has created or sustained 1.5 million private sector jobs at no cost to the taxpayer since 2007 and supported billions in American economic activity. 
By settling on this shortterm extension, we fail to provide proposed increases for medical research at the National Institutes of Health and the Nation’s aging transportation system and infrastructure. The President’s request for defense funding is shortchanged, which would put our national security at risk in a longterm CR. 
autopilot without the linebyline, yearbyyear adjustments that should come from this committee and this Congress is irresponsible and hurts our ability to grow our economy, create jobs, and give hardworking families the services they need. 
that has driven a change in the majority’s leadership on the brink of a government shutdown, the prospects for forging a reasonable, responsible solution by December are not good. One more indication of the dire outlook is the cynical gimmick—an ‘‘enrollment correction’’—the majority has put forward today to supposedly defund Planned Parenthood. Fortunately, it will have no practical effect on the CR for two reasons. First, the Senate will ignore it. Second, there is no need for a correction since, as my friend Mr. COLEnoted this weekend, ‘‘there is no 
money’’ in the CR for Planned Parenthood. PolitiFact even confirmed this claim. 
women’s health today as I support the temporary continuing resolution and urge all of my colleagues to do the same so we can at least avoid a worst case scenario. 
But I again implore outgoing and incoming Republican leadership to please engage with the President and House Democrats immediately on an agreement to replace the sequesterlevel caps, avert the next crisis just weeks away, stop playing political games with women’s health, and invest in American economic growth and security. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), a very valued member of my committee who happens also to be the chairman of the Labor HHS Subcommittee. 
to begin by congratulating both my chairman and my ranking member for the exceptional job they have done this year in getting all 12 appropriations bills through the full committee for the first time since 2009. So we really have on the Appropriations Committee done our work. Six of those bills have come across the floor. 
had more across the floor if our friends in the Senate, who are blocked by the Democratic minority, had an opportunity to bring their bills to the floor. I think we are here, in part, because the inaction by the minority in the United States Senate has ground the whole process to a halt. 
But I am very pleased to see both my 
chairman and my ranking member here making the argument to keep the government funded. I think we all know that shutting down the government is always a mistake. It is a political mistake, frankly, for people that want to use it to achieve some political tactic. 
the wrong thing to do for the American people. They send us here expecting us to get our work done. The fact that some amongst us has kept that from happening is regrettable and I think a disservice to all of our constituents. 
that we have an opportunity, if we pass this continuing resolution for those that are, as I like to say appropriately, above our pay grade—that is, the President, the Speaker, the majority leader, and the two minority leaders—to have time to negotiate the framework for a 
larger deal, for a larger understanding, that would allow us to move ahead and actually have an omnibus bill where we actually—not as good as moving it across the floor—but had a large bill where we looked at every line, we made concessions to one another, we made agreements, we moved the ball forward, and it could open up a possibility for a normal appropriations process next year. 
by Majority Leader MCCONNELL ’s recent remarks that he is interested in a 2year deal, somewhat similar to Ryan Murray in terms of its duration. Again, that would allow this House next year to move appropriations bills across the floor one at a time in a giveandtake bipartisan manner. I think that is extraordinarily important. 
was at in terms of frozen activity before my good friend, the chairman, became the chairman, he and, again, with my good friend, the gentlewoman from New York, have brought us back a long, long way. If we don’t finish that journey in the next 2
have got several things that are going to happen, the worst of which will be a sequester of $40 billion, roughly, on the American military. 
And, frankly, that is something that the Commander in Chief and the respective leaders on both sides of the aisle in this body need to make sure doesn’t happen. 
the Senate, and the House can get to a larger agreement, I have no doubt that my chairman and my ranking member and their counterparts in the United States Senate will then introduce a normal negotiating process and we will get to the right place. 
little bit of bipartisanship here. I would expect, when this bill is actually voted on, we will have large majorities on both sides of the aisle that actually support it. 
both Democrat and Republican—to seize this opportunity, to not just focus on where there are differences, but focus here where we have come together, bought the time, and then, frankly, where they can use their influence on both sides of the aisle in both Chambers and with the President to make sure that an adequate deal is arrived at and that we spare the country and certainly the men and women in uniform that defend us each and every day from the agony of dealing with a second sequester. 
This is not the time for that to happen. It is a dangerous world. We have not Russia relitigating the borders of Eastern Europe. We have got China building islands in the South China Sea. We have got ISIL having established a caliphate of sorts in the Middle East. We have a dangerous Iran. 
be to not do this CR and then not carry 
undercut our military. So I think the stakes of what we are doing are very, very high here. 
I want to conclude again by commending my chairman and commending our ranking member for working together, as they have this entire year, so we could get our bills across, as they are doing now in this process, to buy our leaders time, and, frankly, as I know they will do in normal negotiation on an omnibus bill at the end of this process and then, hopefully, on a regular appropriations process next year. 
both sides of the aisle to pass this very important piece of legislation. 
pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), a distinguished member of 
disappointed in this bill. We are faced with this continuing resolution in order to avert a government shutdown. This is no way to govern. America deserves better than a monthtomonth government, forever on the brink of a shutdown and held back by needless budget constraints. 
Those who call this a clean continuing resolution are mistaken. In fact, it puts in place yet more indiscriminate cuts. It cuts .2 percent across the board for most discretionary programs. Apparently, we have not learned our lesson about mindless austerity. 
health care, we should use the next month to negotiate a budget agreement that addresses the single biggest economic issue that we face in this country. Today working men and women in the United States are in jobs that don’t pay them enough money. Real wages have been stagnant for 30 years. 
billions of dollars every year on tax loopholes for the wealthy and for big corporations. We need to invest once more in education and job training and health and all the other priorities that American families hold dear. 
needs. Poor children are struggling. Their vocabularies are, on average, onethird those of their middle income peers. But since 2010, we have cut over $1 billion in real terms from education. 
skills, finding work in a tough economy, so that they can support their families, but we have cut more than $1 billion from job training programs. 
lifesaving medical research to cure disease and to improve the quality of life. I stand here as a survivor of ovarian cancer. I am here because of the grace of God and biomedical research. Yet, we will continue to cut biomedical research. We have cut more than $3.5 billion from the National Institutes of Health. The list of failures goes on and on. 
We are failing our workers. We are failing working families. We are failing students and medical researchers and first responders and veterans and families and millions of others. 
Our job in this body is to provide opportunity for people. During this economic struggle that we have, we ought to be focused like a laser on the issues that work to better the economic situation of working families in this country. 
hold a cap on what we need to move forward, and, more importantly than that, what we do from the other side of the aisle is to threaten the government shutdown over the issue of women’s health. 
Where are the great values of this Nation that helped to provide an opportunity so that families could join the middle class of this country and continue to make it strong? 
That is what our job is today to do, 
not to be involved in these mindless exercises that the other side of the aisle continues to move forward on. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. DENT), a hardworking member of the 
Appropriations Committee, the chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, and, coincidently, the chairman of the House Ethics Committee. 
Mr. DENT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of passing a clean continuing resolution, the one the Senate sent over to us. We should do that immediately. 
government shut down for any reason, regardless of one’s feelings about Planned Parenthood. Whether you like them or not isn’t the point. We should never shut the government down over that or, frankly, any other issue at this time. 
so that it will give us the time and space we need to enter into a broader budget agreement, hopefully, for this fiscal year and the next and so that we can then, also, pass the appropriations bills. 
mentioned, I am the chair of the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. This CR is essential to making sure that veterans’ services go uninterrupted. It also makes sure that we can continue moving forward on many of the projects that are ongoing within the VA system through the anomalies. Nevertheless, we need to move forward on this for that reason. 
Also, I want to make a point that we 
need to stop lurching from one budget crisis to the next. The events of the last few weeks have been very dismaying to me, personally. That said, we are not going to have a government 
shutdown, and that is good news, but we need to get on with the business of this budget agreement. 
my friend and colleague from Connecticut made a comment about biomedical research—in the bill that we had passed out of the Labor, Health, and Human Services Subcommittee, we actually did increase funding for the National Institutes of Health by $1.1 billion. I do hope that, in the event that we do come to a budget agreement and move the appropriations bills, we will be able to see an increase in funding for the NIH. We will be able to provide for our veterans and, in my case, also the military construction projects. 
overseas, our men and women serving overseas in the Armed Forces, are very much depending on us to do the right thing, to pass appropriations bills, a longterm continuing resolution, not the one we are voting on today. If we are to do one after December 11, it would have real impacts on our force readiness and the ability for our troops and our men and women overseas to do the jobs that we have asked them to do. 
people to vote for this CR today, keep the government functioning, do our duty, and then set up a process where we can complete the appropriations process in December and take care of the responsibilities that have been entrusted to us. 
their strong leadership on the Appropriations Committee. They are doing all that they are doing to try to help us work together and make sure that Congress maintains its power of the purse and does exactly what we promised the American people we would do, and that would be to govern. 
minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. ISRAEL ). 
my very good friend and colleague from New York, Ranking Member LOWEY . 
amount of respect for the chairman, the gentleman from Kentucky. I have great personal admiration for him and his leadership, and I thank him for his earnest, hard work; but what we are doing today is a disappointment to the American people, and it is a disappointment to those of us who are on the Appropriations Committee. Success can’t be defined as avoid catastrophe, and all we are doing today is avoiding catastrophe. The majority’s triumph today is not shutting down the government. 
business owner anywhere in America who would say ‘‘had a good day because I am not shutting down,’’ ‘‘had a good day because I am not throwing my employees out of work,’’ ‘‘had a good day 
they can’t come for services.’’ That is not success. That is failure. That is, by itself, a catastrophe. 
small businesses are judged by their performance and success. The managers of this Congress, the majority, are judged in the same way. They are judged by their ability, as the majority, to produce bills, to pass budgets, to do the work of the American people. 
It is time for them to do their jobs, 
to stop the gimmicks, to pass a long term budget that invests in the education of our children, that supports job skills for people and careers, that protects our veterans and our national security. It is time to do their jobs, Mr. Speaker. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), a distinguished member of the Appropriations Committee. 
Republican majority has driven the expectations of the American people so low that the very act of funding government operations has become a significant achievement. Unfortunately, the cost extraction by the Republican extremists for this 3month clean CR was the resignation of Speaker BOEHNER, a good man who has served this 
the government working, which is critical to American families, their economy, and the safety and security of our Nation, and it continues to protect by providing healthcare coverage for women. 
down the government for 16 days, the U.S. economy lost $24 billion, and more than 100,000 Americans lost their jobs. The American people cannot afford another Republican shutdown. Passing this 3month CR is the first step toward responsibly meeting the needs of the American people. 
As a ranking Democrat on the Interior, Environment and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee, I am pleased that this bill includes $700 million in emergency funds for Forest Service to fight wildland fires in Western States. This is critical funding. 
open to the public, keep Native American healthcare and education programs operating, and prevent the furloughing of tens of thousands of Federal employees in the Department of the Interior and EPA. 
I am going to vote to pass this continuing resolution, and I applaud all the Democrats and Republicans who will vote to pass the CR, but we need to work to find a bipartisan path forward to fund the government for the coming year. Our job is to serve the American people. The American people expect Congress to do their job. Today, I hope all Members will do their job and vote 
am prepared to close if the gentlewoman is prepared. 
myself such time as I may consume, and I was thinking about that, except, I believe, we have some distinguished members of our committee who are running a little late. 
Speaker, that I am very pleased that we are here today, and I do hope that there will be strong bipartisan support for the continuing resolution. 
how hard our distinguished chairman has worked, trying to put together a bipartisan appropriations bill. Although I am very pleased that we are passing a continuing resolution today, it is really amazing that we should be celebrating in the United States of America, the most distinguished country, supposedly representative of our great democracy, that we are keeping the government open. 
that if members of the Appropriations Committee, both Democrats and Republicans, would sit down very seriously, we could work out an arrangement whereby we would lift the sequester, just as we did with RyanMurray. 
distinguished members of the party, and we had some good discussions. We had some differences of opinion; we had 
some lively debates; but at the end of the day, we came up with a product that we could be proud of. 
after this continuing resolution has passed—and I think you have another speaker who would like to speak while we are waiting for our speaker. 
that I am cautiously optimistic that, after the CR is passed, we can really do our work and come up with a good, strong omnibus bill that reflects our values. 
the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership, as well as that of our distinguished chairman, Mr. ROGERS , to bring us to the floor 
today where we can vote in a bipartisan way to keep government open without doing harm to women’s health in our country. 
bad decision for this Congress to make. The last time we did that, we lost $24 billion. The last time this Congress voted to shut down government, we lost $24 billion to our economy, 120,000 jobs in our workforce. Our Federal workforce, which contains more than 30 percent of veterans in its composition, was furloughed or worse. The American people deserve better. So as we go forward from this continuing resolution, which is a good outcome of the conversations that have gone back and forth—a strong bipartisan vote in the Senate, and I hope a strong bipartisan vote in the House— let us take heed of the words of Pope Francis, who just, not even 1 week ago, spoke to us in this Chamber. 
Pope Francis asked us to work together for the common good of the people. He urged and said a good leader would have a spirit of openness and pragmatism, again, to get the job done for the American people. 
difficult choices to make. We all share the values of strengthening our national security, investing in our children’s future, reducing the deficit as we go forward, but as we do so, there are some important differences that we share. 
idea, wherever it springs from. Let us also recognize what our responsibilities are to the American people first and foremost. 
we are taking today. I wish that we were finished with all of our appropriations work. As an appropriator, I know that that is always the goal of our chairman and ranking member. 
I thank our ranking member, Congresswoman LOWEY , for her leadership, 
but also for the optimism she just expressed, that, as we go forward, we will do so in a timely fashion, maybe long before December 11, so we will have removed all doubt in the public’s mind that government will work, that it will function, as the Pope had asked us, for the good of the American people. 
though, in terms of what our priorities are in a budget. A budget should be a statement of our national values, and what is important to us should be reflected on how we allocate those resources. We have the omnibus bill to deal with. 
We also have investments in the infrastructure of our country and our transportation. That will be an important bill that we will be debating at the same time, but has a relationship in terms of how we offset, how we pay for that. 
a great job creator for our country and, yet, still unauthorized, long overdue for us to authorize it. 
will have the issue of a vote on honoring the full faith and credit of the United States of America. The last time that was put into doubt, it was unfortunate because it lowered our credit rating, even though we didn’t follow through with it. Even though the full faith and credit ended up being honored, just the threat, the suspicion, that it could be undermined lowered our credit rating. 
for the good of the people. Again, let us 
honor our responsibilities in the beautiful spirit of Saint—Pope Francis. I say Saint Francis because that is the patron saint of my city, of San Francisco, and the namesake also of Pope Francis. 
what good leaders do, and good leaders have a sense of humility to respect the views of other people and not be condescending in terms of our views are the only ones that matter. 
working with you, Mr. Chairman, with the Speaker, with others, and certainly under the leadership of our distinguished ranking member, Congresswoman LOWEY . 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ), a member of our committee. 
Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Speaker, my compliments to the chairman and to the ranking member for shepherding us thus far into this year. 
I often say the first job of Congress is 
to govern, and that means keeping the government open. I think what we are doing today is honoring the responsibility we have, our article I responsibilities to keep the government open. 
the power of the purse, but with the power also comes responsibility. So as we have hard conversations as a country and as a Congress about whether we fund certain programs, whether we fund certain entities, that is an appropriate conversation to have, and I think we have handled that appropriately thus far. 
based on comments on the other side of the aisle because they continue to try to score political points and use political capital to suggest we are on the brink of a shutdown. The simple fact is we are not. 
the aisle have acknowledged today that they intend to vote for what is a responsible continuing resolution that will ensure that our government remains funded. 
that often come—and this comes from colleagues on our committee—is that, to finally reach a deal, to finally have responsible governance, it takes a willing partner on the other side of the aisle and it takes intellectual honesty on both sides of the aisle of every member of our committee. 
those on the other side of the aisle who serve on the committee that we had a debate over and over and over with each markup about the Budget Control Act and the caps that are in place by statute. There were very good suggestions from both sides of the aisle about where taxpayer dollars should be invested, which programs they should be invested in, from defense to transportation, to education, to healthcare research, and so forth. The irony is that, for each good idea 
on the other side of the aisle about where to invest money, there was a willful ignorance of the fact that any additional investment must come with an offset under the Budget Control Act. There were good amendments in the committee, and, frankly, many of them would have passed if they had included responsible offsets. But there were no offsets. 
I point that out only for this, not to 
relitigate all the markups we had in committee, but to suggest that somehow it is the Republicans’ issue that somehow we have to resolve this. We have not had a willing partner throughout the markup of all of these bills. 
here on the floor—and rightfully so— and we are going to pass the CR that funds the government and keeps it open—that highway of goodwill has to go both ways. Rather than just talk about what is not funded, let’s talk about how we are going to operate under what is a statute, what is the law of the land that was signed by this President and, frankly, recommended by this President. 
comes between now and December 11, we have to recognize and be honest with the American people that we operate under a budget agreement that has statutory caps signed by this President. There are great ideas on both sides of the aisle about where to spend money, but if we ignore the fact that they are required to be offset, then we have not advanced this conversation one day. 
It is important that we keep the government open. I am glad that my colleagues on the other side of the aisle and enough colleagues on this side of the aisle are saying: Yes, we have to keep the government open. We have to keep the Department of Defense funded. Our men and women in uniform who carry the flag for us every day, we have to ensure that they are funded. Our first responders, DHS, coastguardsmen, coastguardswomen, our transportation programs, education, critical healthcare research is all that we will continue to fund through this responsible continuing resolution. 
that we were considering today, but we do not have that. The responsible action by this body is to pass this bill with sufficient numbers on both sides of the aisle. I would charge those on my side of the aisle who care deeply about certain extraneous issues involved in the debate this week, we have responsible ways to continue to address how we provide critical nonabortionrelated women’s healthcare service in underserved communities, while we still act today to keep the government open. It is a responsible path forward. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank you for bringing this forward. 
want to reiterate again to my colleagues that I look forward to working 
in a bipartisan way with the distinguished chairman of the Committee on Appropriations to move the process forward. 
just mentioned by the previous speaker, that for us not to increase the appropriations to the National Institutes of Health—this is just one area of the bill that came through the committee in the committee process. This means research for a whole range of illnesses, whether it is autism or diabetes or heart. 
caps, negotiate a really good bill, and provide adequate funding for the American people. This is important for their health, for their work life. We have to be sure we are investing so we are creating jobs and keep the economy moving. I look forward to that process. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I shall be brief. 
I appreciate the work of my colleague, Mrs. LOWEY , ranking member 
on the committee, and all of the people on her side of the aisle and, of course, on our side of the aisle as well. This is a good bill. It is a responsible bill. It does not do anything controversial. 
that is keep the government operating. We can’t afford to abandon our soldiers, particularly those overseas in harm’s way. We can’t abandon the people that depend upon the programs that our Federal Government provides. 
bill. It is a good bill, and it keeps the government operating. 
I rise today in support of this continuing resolution, which will allow us to avoid another completely unnecessary and potentially devastating government shutdown. My vote in favor of the CR does not mean I support the irresponsible sequestrationlevel budget resolution that has made it impossible to pass FY 2016 appropriations bills, much less the reckless manner in which the majority continues to manage the budget process. 
spring made no room for the critical investments in infrastructure, housing, research, health care, and education that our country needs to thrive. In fact, it made deeply damaging reductions. 
sequestration levels only by using the so called OCO gimmick, amounting to a $38 billion sleight of hand. 
would have to negotiate new budget numbers—if not a comprehensive agreement of the sort that balanced the budget in the 1990s, then at least a more modest deal like the RyanMurray agreement of the last two 
bills. I and other Democratic colleagues took to the floor again and again to decry these unacceptable budget numbers that simply set us up for failure. Our leaders have been offering to negotiate for months, knowing full well that President Obama would be forced to veto any appropriations bills passed under the Republican budget. Will it take a government shutdown, we asked, to make us do our job? 
couldn’t pass a single appropriations bill. The House passed a few with Republican votes alone, and then the process collapsed under the weight of the Confederate battle flag debate. That was a particularly disgraceful episode, but the process was already on life support. It was never going to work, and Republican leaders have known that all year. 
process, as represented by this shortterm CR, all hope is not lost. We can still salvage the hard bipartisan work of my and other appropriations subcommittees, if, when this CR expires, we can stitch together an omnibus appropriations bill for the balance of the year. 
some of the ideological battles that divide this body, and I have been able to work closely with Chairman DIAZBALART to negotiate a 
framework for transportation and housing funding. I know that many of the other subcommittee Chairs and Ranking Members have made similar progress. Given realistic funding levels, these bills can relatively quickly be converted into acceptable appropriations legislation. 
So I once again join my colleagues in urging 
Speaker BOEHNER to resume bipartisan budget negotiations and produce reasonable, responsible funding levels that can allow the appropriations process to move forward. Today, we’re buying ourselves a couple of months. Instead of lurching toward another crisis in December, let’s actually come to a consensus on the kind of investments in our future that a great country must make. 
the previous question is ordered on the motion to concur. 
The question is on the motion to concur by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ). 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of today, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE CORRECTIONS IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 719 
House Resolution 448, I call up the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 79) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 448, the concurrent resolution is considered read. 
the bill H.R. 719, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following corrections: 
otherwise, any reference in this division to ‘this Act’ shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division.’’. 
community health centers, hospitals, physicians offices, and other entities currently provide, and will continue to provide, health services to women. Such health services include relevant diagnostic laboratory and radiology services, wellchild care, prenatal and postpartum care, immunization, family planning services (including contraception), cervical and breast cancer screenings and referrals, and sexually transmitted disease testing. 
all persons, regardless of the person’s ability to pay, and provide services in medically underserved areas and to medically underserved populations. 
to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc., and its affiliates and clinics pursuant to this division will continue to be made available to other eligible entities to provide women’s health care services. 
‘‘Nothing in this division shall be construed to reduce overall Federal funding available in support of women’s health.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The concurrent resolution shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and minority leader or their designees. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks, and to include extraneous material on H. Con. Res. 79. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Alabama? 
There was no objection. Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Con. Res. 79, a concurrent resolution directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719. This resolution directs the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make several corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719, the Continuing Appropriations Act 2016, including by adding at the end of the text of the Housepassed version, H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015. 
of 241–187 on September 18. The bill precludes any Federal funds from being authorized or appropriated for 1 year for any purpose to Planned Parenthood Federation of America or any affiliate or clinic of that organization unless entities certify that affiliates and clinics will not perform and will not provide any funds to any other entity that performs elective abortions during such period. The bill also redirected funding from Planned Parenthood facilities to federally qualified health centers to provide women’s health services. 
This resolution and the related enrollment process sends a signal about 
this House’s commitment to bar funding for Planned Parenthood and gives the Senate the opportunity to limit funding in the continuing resolution. 
exact same language in the Defund Planned Parenthood Act sponsored by my friend, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), which the House 
is a tireless defender of the unborn, and I have been privileged to work with her on several prolife measures, including a very similar defund correction to the spending bill back in 2011. 
So why this correction? My colleagues might be wondering if I just saw what happened in the Senate. Why take up this bill when the votes just aren’t there in the Senate? The answer is simple. Because I believe, as long as there is an opportunity before us to defund Planned Parenthood, we should take it because, when it comes to this fight, I want to leave it all on the field. 
lacked the votes in the Senate to include defund language in the continuing resolution, and I realize this is a lastditch effort to do this and that the chances of this correction maneuver succeeding in the Senate are low. But I believe, Mr. Speaker, I believe that we have to fight until the very end. 
those I represent about the low likelihood of defunding Planned Parenthood, especially in a stopgap spending bill. Prolife advocates in my State and around this country understand the math; and while they hope that Senate Democrats will change their hearts, they don’t really expect them to. What they do expect is for us to try, to fight to the very end, and to exhaust every possible option in our effort to stop tax dollars from flowing to this organization. 
colleagues in the House and in the Senate to support this defund correction and to join me to fight until the very end to defund Planned Parenthood. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
another procedural maneuver. It is designed to destroy health care for millions of American women. It is unacceptable, and we will not stand for it. 
reproductive freedom has become an allout war on the health and the well being of millions of lowincome American women. Each year, Planned Parenthood provides 2.7 million people, men and women, with lifesaving services. 
the other side of the aisle would open their hearts—open their hearts—to healthcare services for women who don’t have the wherewithal to go to the same kinds of private doctors that the men and women of the United States 
House of Representatives have the opportunity to do. Open your hearts, because for many, Planned Parenthood is their only way of receiving these healthcare services. 
The president of the American Congress of OB–GYNs has warned that, without Planned Parenthood, many patients will be left without a doctor; and that is what these attacks are designed to achieve. The rightwing does not want poor women to have health care, period. It is spiteful, it is cruel, and it is wrong. 
is taken away from Planned Parenthood. In Scott County, Indiana, a full scale HIV epidemic was triggered that has been declared a public healthcare emergency. Do we want more people to 
die? Are we really prepared to see that picture repeated across the country? 
clear that they will not accept any bill that cuts funding for women’s health care or compromises reproductive freedoms. Let us in this body respect and trust the healthcare decisions that women make. 
of Texas). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
Ms. DELAURO. I yield myself an additional 10 seconds. 
healthcare decisions that women make. We must respect their wishes. I urge my colleagues to vote against this disgraceful bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. ROBY. I reserve the balance of 
the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), someone who has spent her entire career working at issues that help working families with their health care, and particularly women. 
Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, this resolution is more political theater: all sound and fury, signifying nothing and going nowhere. We are proceeding to debate this resolution even though there is no money—zero money—in the CR for Planned Parenthood and even though we all understand that if the Senate also adopts this resolution, it will effectively shut down the government, slowing economic growth and job creation. 
Planned Parenthood provides essential preventive health services, including birth control, lifesaving cancer screenings, wellwomen exams, and advice on family planning to nearly 3 million women each year. 
alternative to Planned Parenthood. The California Primary Care Association noted: ‘‘Eliminating Planned Parenthood from our State’s comprehensive network of care would put untenable stress on remaining providers. We do not have the capacity for such an increase in care.’’ 
I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the resolution. Mrs. ROBY. I reserve the balance of 
my time. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ) 
today as a woman who is angry. These attacks on Planned Parenthood aren’t about some deceptive videos. It is about a woman’s right to make decisions about her own body. Women’s reproductive rights are decisions she should make. It should be between a woman, her doctor, and her family, not a maledominated Congress. 
Parenthood is part of a ploy to roll back women’s rights. What hypocrisy. I wish my colleagues on the other side of the aisle cared this much about the millions of women and children who go hungry every day or the educational inequities that exist in our most vulnerable communities. 
the services they provide. Last year, they served more than 2.7 million across our Nation, and more than 31,000 in North Carolina just through nine centers. More than 21,000 patients received safe contraception; more than 18,000 STI tests were conducted, and more than 3,500 Pap tests and more than 2,500 breast exams. Real women getting real preventive care. 
I will continue to advocate for women’s comprehensive health care and their right to control their own body. The war on women must stop. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Connecticut has 5 minutes remaining. 
Ms. LEE. First, I want to thank Congresswoman D ELAURO for yielding and 
for her tremendous leadership on so many issues important to women and the entire country. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H. Con. Res. 79, which once again attempts to defund Planned Parenthood for 1 year. This callous action would leave millions of women across the country without access to critical healthcare services. This shameful resolution is the 15th anti women’s health vote this year. 
centers are essential to the health and wellbeing of women and their families. They serve as primary care facilities for women seeking birth control, comprehensive family planning services, and cancer and STI screenings. 
According to the Guttmacher Institute, in 21 percent of counties where Planned Parenthood operates health centers, it is the county’s only family planning provider. Mr. Speaker, for these communities, there are no other options. Defunding Planned Parenthood would hurt the communities that need help the most: lowincome women and women of color. 
Politicians have no business interfering with a woman’s personal health 
family, and she needs family planning centers to exercise all of her options as it relates to her health care. 
wrong. It is past time to end this war on women, and it is past time for Republicans to listen to the American people, develop a responsible budget, and stop their attacks on women’s health. 
egregious resolution. It is going to harm women. It is going to hurt women. It does not protect the health and safety of women. 
the distinguished gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ). 
A threat to shut down the government over funding Planned Parenthood’s contraceptive and preventative care measures looms again in 3 months, although 73 percent of the public is against forcing a shutdown over Planned Parenthood. 
coverage Planned Parenthood gives women’s health across the board, including abortion services, not funded by the Federal Government. The District of Columbia is the only jurisdiction Congress denies the full reach of Roe v. Wade to lowincome women, by denying the local government the right to spend its own local funds on abortion services for poor women. 
funds for Medicaid, family planning, and preventative care would cut off our collective noses to spite our faces. Every public dollar spent on family planning services alone saves $7 in undesired births and other preventative care. 
For all the heat generated by Republicans, Planned Parenthood is regarded more favorably now than it was before the current fight began. The reason is, for nearly a century, Planned Parenthood’s incredibly effective work for women’s health has won it a strong following across our country from both parties. 
the gentlewoman from Connecticut for her kindness. As well, let me thank the chair and ranking member of the Appropriations Committee, because we know the work that they have done. 
that I am very disappointed that we are now settling for a CR that continues to have a sequester that cuts across and denies Border Patrol agents, Customs and Border Protection, Secret Service, and leaves the American people vulnerable. 
we are not doing what we are supposed to do in providing for the American people. Now we move to another unseemly legislative initiative that is attacking women’s health. And what does that mean? We use it under the guise of Planned Parenthood. 
of clinics in almost 50 States that deal with women’s health, contraception, sexually transmitted disease; places where women who are impoverished can go when they cannot go anywhere else. 
debating why they don’t do mammograms. Women know that when we go to any doctor, the doctor refers mammograms. 
So this is a bad bill. It is against 
women’s health. The sequester is bad. Vote down both bills. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H. 
measures we know are having no real chance of survival beyond these debates. 
drag women’s health issues and women’s rights through this political circus. 
At what point will the Majority step back and 
wasted on these offensive messaging bills is ridiculous and must end. 
Our constituents deserve better. Our legislative and public service roles demand more. 
for piecemeal fiscal fixes, we should be focused on passing a comprehensive and cost savings budget. 
measure that threatens millions of Americans’ access to preventative care and could end up costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars. 
However, we know H. Con. Res. 79 is not 
today as a shameless political decoy to attack the legal rights of women. 
around the Constitution and four decades of Supreme Court precedent with sham laws that do nothing to improve women’s health care and only make it more difficult, if not impossible, to obtain safe and legal abortion. 
women’s health services only exacerbates a woman’s risk of an unintended pregnancy and fails to accomplish any meaningful overthrow of Roe v. Wade. 
passed hundreds of restrictions on abortion care under the guise of protecting women’s health and safety. 
In my state of Texas a law that would have 
cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 2015. 
struck down as unconstitutional a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospitalstyle surgery center building and staffing requirements. This requirement meant that only 7 clinics 
would be allowed to continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to women. 
needs to be able to make her own decisions and weigh all her options—and these laws take those options away. 
Texas has 268,580 square miles only second in size to the state of Alaska. 
would have ended access to reproductive services for millions of women in my state. 
threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. 
It seems every month we are faced with a 
new attack on women’s access to reproductive health care, often couched in deceptive terms and concern for women’s health and safety. 
And in fact we are here today supposedly to 
talk about the safety of women—but we know that’s not really the case. 
women’s health and safety, they would be promoting any one of the number of evidence based proactive policies that improve women’s health and wellbeing. 
Instead, they are proposing yet another attempt to ban abortion. 
That is their number one priority. This is certainly not about protecting women’s health, it’s about politics. 
abortion from the legal issues and fundamental constitutional rights. 
Undisputable, every woman has the constitutional right to make personal health care decisions so basic that it must be equally protected for all. 
health care providers makes it increasingly difficult—and sometimes impossible—for women who have decided to end a pregnancy to get the safe, legal, highquality care they need. 
but higher costs, longer delays, and extra steps for women seeking abortion care, and in the process punish women for their decision to exercise their constitutional right to end a pregnancy. 
abortions did not cease to exist without adequate access to clinical service. Rather, the exact opposite—as we know limited and restricted access only leads to unsafe and dangerous practices. 
Texas and Mississippi, Wisconsin, Alabama, Tennessee, and Louisiana—where state laws are already gravely impacting women’s access to health care providers—women are being forced to travel upwards of hundreds of miles or cross state lines to access their constitutional right to an abortion. 
access to care that are troublingly reminiscent of the time before Roe v. Wade, when access depended on a woman’s social status, where she lived or her ability to travel to another state. 
not otherwise overturn, politicians are attempting to ‘‘turn back the clock’’ to the preRoe era 
and cutting off women’s access to safe and legal abortion care. 
to travel elsewhere will face an impossible choice between carrying an unintended pregnancy to term or seeking drastic options outside the law. 
A right that only exists on paper is no right 
Simply, restricting a women’s right and access to legal abortion services discriminately endangers the lives of women. 
to ensure that women have access to preventive care, not eliminating it. 
This is a legislative assault on all progressive health care, service, and advocacy organizations who aim to provide vital care and services to women and men across this country. 
Hundreds of thousands have already spoken up, including leading groups and communities such as the growing voice of our millennial generation. 
physicians and partners in women’s health warn that this bill would scare providers away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, in a time where America desperately needs more obgyns participating in Medicaid programs. 
long argued that these damaging measures serve no medical purpose, interfere in the doctor/patient relationship, and do nothing to promote women’s health. 
more to connect our youth and women to services that help them reduce their risk of unintended pregnancies and STD’s, and improve their overall health through preventative screenings, education and planning, and not restricting their access to lawfully entitled family planning and private health services. 
I urge all Members to vote against the continued attack on women’s health and rights. 
Ms. DELAURO. I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. H ASTINGS ) for 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from Connecticut has 1
what this is about, this socalled enrollment correction, is a procedural maneuver because the United States Senate sent over a continuing resolution that continues to fund Planned Parenthood. Because the majority is interested in defunding the opportunity for healthcare services for women, they have asked for this procedural maneuver to defund Planned Parenthood. 
from American women. Think about it. Think about shutting the government 
down because of women’s health. The lack of care and concern, first and foremost, about the 2.7 million men and women that Planned Parenthood serves every year is a grave consequence. But in addition, shutting down the Federal Government the last time cost $24 billion to American taxpayers, held up disability checks for veterans, and, in fact, held back people’s IRS rebates. 
women’s health is cruel, it is spiteful, it is wrong, and it does great harm to this great Nation. Vote against this bad piece of legislation. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, not everyone, I recognize, in this country is prolife, like I am. But those who are should not be forced to have their tax dollars fund an organization that aborts more than 350,000 unborn babies every year. 
Federal law has long prohibited public funds from being used to actually perform abortions. However, Planned Parenthood gets millions in grants and reimbursements for other services that they provide, like pregnancy tests, birth control, Pap smears, STD tests, and other various treatments. 
have access to these critical services. But why is it necessary—why is it necessary—for those services to be funded at the Nation’s largest abortion provider? 
It isn’t actually, but the abortion industry and its supporters—it is what they want you to think it is. And they talk about women’s health because they don’t want to talk about abortion. 
ugly it is and how painful it is not just to the mother having to make the decision, but to the unborn baby who doesn’t have a voice, who doesn’t have a say. 
to pretend, Mr. Speaker, that abortion doesn’t exist and that Planned Parenthood is the only place where lowincome women can get health care. 
Planned Parenthood means attacking women’s health, they say. That is not true. 
13,000 federally qualified and rural health centers throughout this country that offer lowcost health care to women. In fact, these centers outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics 20– 1. 
of Planned Parenthood truly just wanted to make sure that lowincome women have access to health care and not abortion, then why not simply support these noncontroversial community health centers instead? 
If this argument is really about making sure women have access to health care, then we would all agree right here, right now, to support these community health centers. 
what this is about. You see, while federally qualified and rural health centers provide a wide range of medical services, they don’t perform abortions. That is what they really want. They want to preserve the pipeline of funding to the Nation’s largest abortion provider. 
This talk of women’s health is nothing but a charade, a false pretense, that I believe more and more Americans are realizing is phony. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX and the order of the House of today, this 15minute vote on adoption of the concurrent resolution will be followed by 5minute votes on adoption of the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 719, and agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 241, nays 185, answered ‘‘present’’ 1, not voting 7, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway 
Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) 
Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline 
Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson 
Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster 
Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
and PERRY changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to concur on the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes, offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ), 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 277, nays 151, not voting 6, as follows: 
Aguilar Amodei Ashford Barletta Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCarthy McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Miller (MI) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NE) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Whitfield Wilson (FL) Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin Zinke 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Babin Barr Barton Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Conaway Crawford DeSantis DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCaul McClintock Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Moolenaar 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Nugent Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart 
Stutzman Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Yoder Yoho Young (IN) 
the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE HONORABLE ELEANOR H. NORTON, MEMBER OF CONGRESS 
the following communication from the Honorable Eleanor H. Norton, Member of Congress: 
formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have received a subpoena, issued by the Superior Court for the District of Columbia, in connection with a particular criminal case, that I produce certain official documents and appear to testify at trial on official matters. After consultation with counsel, I will 
SEYCHELLES, URUGUAY, AND VENEZUELA AS BENEFICIARY DEVELOPING COUNTRIES UNDER THE GENERALIZED SYSTEM OF PREFERENCES PROGRAM—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–59) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: 
Act, I have determined that it is appropriate to terminate the designations of Seychelles, Uruguay, and Venezuela as beneficiary developing countries under the GSP program, because they have become high income countries as defined by the World Bank. Accordingly, their eligibility for trade benefits under the GSP program will end on January 1, 2017. 
SEYCHELLES AS A BENEFICIARY SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRY UNDER THE AFRICAN GROWTH AND OPPORTUNITY ACT PROGRAM—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–60) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and referred to the Committee on Ways and Means and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: 
I am providing notification of my intent to terminate the designation of Seychelles as a beneficiary subSaharan African country under the African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA) program. 
shocked and outraged to learn recently that a decorated Green Beret was dismissed from the military for blowing the whistle on a child rapist who was a member of the Afghan forces. 
When our forces are abroad, our military should strive to uphold American values, and that is exactly what Sergeant First Class Charles Martland did when he confronted Afghan officials engaging in perverse actions. However, instead of being commended, Sergeant Martland was punished for his actions and was taken out of the region, despite being a soldier that was critical to the mission. 
As someone who has worked to protect children and keep them safe from sexual exploitation, it is disheartening to see the military look the other way when children are being assaulted by our allied forces. This has to change. Steps must be taken to ensure that our military uphold American values while overseas. 
be looking the other way when our allies are engaging in wrongful acts. 
Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I am honored once again today to serve as a Congressional cochair of National Preparedness Month. National Preparedness Month reminds us that we cannot become complacent in our efforts to build and improve emergency preparedness capabilities. 
District of the State of New Jersey, which had experienced Hurricane Sandy and the September 11 attacks, I know that disasters can strike at any time. 
As the ranking member of the Emergency Preparedness Subcommittee, I have also observed a concerning gap in coordination between communication of emergency response plans for children and schools. Each day more than 65 million children are separated from their parents during workhours, but roughly 42 percent of the parents do not know where to reunite with their children after a school evacuation. 
Parents, teachers, and emergency responders should engage with community partners so that responsibilities and resources are in place when disasters strike. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
we didn’t already have enough proof that the Palestinian Authority is not an honest partner for peace with Israel, Abu Mazen’s speech at the U.N. General Assembly today confirmed it and showed that he is a selfserving autocrat who is more interested in delegitimizing Israel, the Jewish state, than in building up a future Palestinian state. 
intends to scuttle any prospects for peace, pursue Israel at the International Criminal Court, and continue his ploy for achieving unilateral statehood at the U.N. 
and organizations, the U.S. law is unambiguous. We must suspend all funding to any of these bodies that accept a nonexistent state of Palestine to its membership. 
seeking ways to circumvent and waive these provisions for years, but we must see to it that the President implements the full intent and letter of the law. Suspend all aid now. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as 
a responsible Member of Congress concerned for the American people, today I voted for a continuing resolution that will take us to December 11, but that is not the responsible way to handle the business of this Nation. 
put aside partisanship and to begin to have the Republican leadership and Republicans to sit down with members of the Democratic Caucus and talk about a real funding bill. 
provided for our employees, but we have undermined defense and the preparedness of our men and women. We have cut $1.7 billion from the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and we are barely hanging on for other necessary items. 
funding and disaster funding. Other items dealing with law enforcement and provisions for transportation and the environment are all cut by something called the sequester. 
Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better, and we need to get busy starting next week and put forward an appropriations process that funds this government, responds to those who are in need, prepares our young men and women in the military, and as well restores that children’s health insurance money. Shame on us. We need to do it now. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise to honor the life of Coach Tony Napolet, who was a great man, a person of God, and a great coach. 
funeral mass at St. Mary’s, and I wanted to take a few moments here on the House floor to say thank you on behalf of all of those who coached with him, played for him, and in some way he helped shape so many lives. 
his children—Aunt Norma, Aunt Marie, Manlio, Christopher, the entire crew, we want to say that we sent a great man to heaven today who embodied John F. Kennedy High School, Kennedy football. 
Speaker, was to have a strong faith in God, make God your best friend, and treat others the way you would like to be treated. He left a major, major impression in the Mahoning Valley in Trumbull County in the State of Ohio. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New 
begin this evening, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? 
There was no objection. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, 
joined this evening with colleagues on both sides of the aisle, to celebrate the upcoming October 2 National Manufacturing Day. 
Manufacturing in the U.S. is something that I support fully. U.S. manufacturing is something that, I think, shares bipartisan support across the country, coast to coast, north to south, east to west, because it is about real, familysustaining jobs where we build things in America, where we can actually manufacture our products here to sell not only to the American economy, but to the world economy. 
Manufacturing Caucus here in Congress, I wanted to ask my colleague on the U.S. Manufacturing Caucus to rise and open us up on this Special Order this evening to celebrate U.S. manufacturing. 
thank the gentleman from New York. This is a great opportunity for us to share, I think, as Democrats and Republicans. 
upstate New York, and that area of our country and the State of New York have a long history of manufacturing. I represent northeast Ohio, which also has a long history of manufacturing. 
of manufacturing jobs and how to create policies that will further allow for investment in manufacturing and for workforce development within the context of manufacturing. 
have seen the transition over the last 20 or 30 years in our country, how much we miss these manufacturing jobs. They pay a higher wage, more of a solid pension for most manufacturers, better benefits, and are where people can learn a craft, learn a skill, get into a good company, and make a good, honest living; and that is what we are celebrating here today. 
Congressman REEDand I try to stimulate some conversations and bring real people from our congressional districts to help educate us on what the best process, what the best issues, what the best approaches would be for the United States Congress to try to 
I know I will be doing an event on 
Friday back in Youngstown, Ohio, and further celebrating in my community. I know you will, as well. 
So I just want to say thank you to 
my friend. I look forward to us continuing—not just the oldline manufacturing that we know a lot about and have lost of lot of those jobs, not just the advanced manufacturing either—to work on the issue of making sure that we create more of these institutes to try to nurture new ways of manufacturing, but also the additive manufacturing piece, which is happening in Youngstown, Ohio, at America Makes, where the 3–D printing movement, the Maker Movement is happening and burgeoning in an old warehouse in downtown Youngstown. I mean, it doesn’t get better than that, to have millions of dollars of equipment in the downtown of an iconic city that is really leading our community forward in this new line of manufacturing. 
I want to thank you for your leadership. I appreciate your friendship, and I appreciate the opportunity to say a few words here tonight. 
gentleman from Ohio. He truly is a friend, and he is just as committed to U.S. manufacturing as I am. I have seen it firsthand. I have seen him in his district in action supporting U.S. manufacturers. 
manufacturing center that you reference and that we are so supportive of—working with JOEKENNEDY here in 
basis, getting that legislation signed, which was a priority of the administration—and having that type of advanced manufacturing center in Ohio, in your home State, obviously has demonstrated his commitment and his belief in U.S. manufacturing. 
just advanced manufacturing. It is the traditional manufacturing. It is the manufacturing that we believe in where the American spirit is alive and well, where the American Dream can be reached and obtained. 
indicated, these are good, solid, family sustaining, middle class jobs to a large extent that put food on the table for our fellow Americans and put roofs over their heads and allow families to maybe pass on to the next generation a little bit better lifestyle or a little bit better American Dream than they enjoyed by having a little bit of money to invest in a college education for their kids and to try to enjoy and live that American Dream that I know my friend from Ohio believes in. 
So I applaud my friend, and I appreciate my friend for all the work you do on U.S. manufacturing. This is what gives me continued optimism here in the United States Congress that we can get things done, because we have come across the aisle and we have joined together to promote U.S. manufacturing. 
I yield to the gentleman. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. It is hard not to 
get a little bit nostalgic. I think a lot of times those of us who advocate for manufacturing spend a little too much time in the nostalgia phase and not enough time, I think, working in the space where we are trying to enhance, grow, and create new opportunities in manufacturing. 
but to go back to all of the elections, whether Republicans won or Democrats won, if you go back 2004, 2006, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2014, I think the economic insecurity, in my analysis, was at the heart of each of those elections. 
As we have seen the decline in manufacturing, we have seen the increase in anxiety for families to be able to make ends meet. So I am thankful that we can try to promote this together and try to find an issue like manufacturing that garners 60 to 70 percent support from regions, demographics all over the United States. 
I think there is an inherent understanding of making something. I start it, and then I pass it to your company. You add value to it, and then you pass it to someone else. They add value to it, and it goes through that supply chain, tier 1, tier 2, and tier 3, and everybody benefits. 
Back in the day, you know, we had a 
manufacturing facility for General Motors that had 15,000 or 16,000 people that now has 3,000 or 4,000. We had a supplier to General Motors, Packard Electric and then Delphi, that had 13,000 employees, and now it is down to 2,000 or 3,000. Those were all solid, middle class jobs. I know you could probably give similar examples in Corning and other places. 
policy, if we continue through the Tax Code and other ways to make sure that we incentivize investment in these areas, that we can help regrow those newage manufacturing jobs that everybody, I think, is looking for, as you said, to make a good living, have a solid retirement, have good benefits, and not have to work so hard that you miss the soccer match, you miss the baseball game, or you can’t go on a vacation. We can help regrow those middle class jobs where you can still have time with your family, which ultimately is the most important thing anyway. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, as the gentleman points out, you know, what manufacturing represents is opportunity, an opportunity to so many Americans, so many people. 
from Ohio will agree with me that U.S. manufacturing is positioned on a precipice of rebirth here in America. 
that we need to continue to work on to make U.S. manufacturing even more competitive than what we are finding 
in America with the shale revolution for oil and natural gas coming online and the feedstock and the utility costs going down and going lower and lower, it is positioning U.S. manufacturing to be in a competitive position on the world economic stage. To me, that is such a hopeful, optimistic position of time for the United States of America to be in. 
Speaker. When I talk to U.S. manufacturers, they talk about the lessons that they have learned over the years of maybe chasing that cheap labor dollar, maybe chasing that overseas market, the whole issue of outsourcing. 
today is that they want to come back to America, because in America we have the best workforce and we have the best work ethic across the world. 
rule of law. So many of these manufacturers that have looked overseas and relocated overseas, they are finding that their intellectual property is disregarded. Those innovative ideas, those new ideas, those inventions that are going to spur that next product growth of tomorrow, they just get ripped off. 
what we in America, as the cornerstone of our philosophy, respect, and that is property rights and that is the rule of law and saying that, if you invent it, you own it. That is something that is critical for us as we go forward is to recognize the opportunity—and I know my good friend shares this—that U.S. manufacturing has right now with the competitive nature of the American marketplace. 
Serving on the Ways and Means Committee here in the House of Representatives, in charge of tax policy, trade policy, and health care, to a large degree, one of the things I think we have a shared commitment to is fixing our broken Tax Code. I don’t know of anyone across America that will stand up and take that 70,000 pages of Tax Code and say this is working and this is putting our manufacturers in a competitive position on the world stage. 
I hear it time and time again that we 
need to fix that Tax Code. Because if we do that, that is another piece to advance U.S. manufacturing to that rebirth, that renaissance that I know— and I know my good friend from Ohio shares—can happen and will happen, because this is America where that opportunity can rise again. 
all know that there are the larger manufacturers who can hire accountants and all the rest to figure it out, but it is the small and mediumsized tier 3, tier 4 suppliers, you know, that maybe have 50 or 100 people and it is a family business and people aren’t making a ton of dough, and to have to deal with the increased complexity of a Tax Code 
for the small business, I think it is appropriate for us to try to simplify that and make it a little bit easier for them. 
Especially in our region, in western New York, western Pennsylvania, eastern Ohio, it is a huge opportunity for us. We should all be beating on the doors of the European companies to try to say, you know, move your manufacturing base into our region because of what the opportunities are going to be into the future. 
think we have had a hearing about it through our caucus, is how do we get young people and their parents to recognize and see manufacturing as a real opportunity for them. A lot of people think, parents think: Well, I don’t want my kids going into manufacturing. You know, they picture the steel mill in Youngstown where there were 20,000 people coming out dirty, in hard hats with a metal lunch bucket. Now, today, you walk into a manufacturing facility, it is about metrology and it is about precision manufacturing. You could eat off the floor because it is so clean. It is a whole different idea of what manufacturing is. 
work with guidance counselors and teachers in the STEM areas about how to get kids engaged in this area earlier, because kids are naturally inclined—I think of my 12yearold son, Mason. He is always building, creating, trying to use his hands the best he can, or even if he is on the computer, how he is organizing, you know, his troop alignments in some of the war games that he plays. But it is all about constructing something and putting something together, building things, and how do you create that. 
gravitate toward that. So the more we can get them engaged at a very, very young age about designing and building, the more we are going to unleash the creative potential of that generation to further build out the manufacturing base here in the United States. 
couldn’t have said it better. I know the gentleman has shared stories that I have experienced myself. 
U.S. manufacturing, these are not the days of smokefilled rooms where safety wasn’t a concern and that it was a dirty, drudgery type of environment that they existed in. This is cutting edge. This is a safe workplace. This is where safety is paramount and where skills are so necessary. 
today that we have to fight—and I think the gentleman will share this position with me—is I do a lot of work back in the district going to local high schools, standing in front of juniors and seniors and having conversations with those kids about what they want to be when they get older. I remember vividly one story. It was 
the first time when I asked the question, ‘‘What do you want to be when you get older?’’ The kids’ hands went up. You have got the lawyers. You have got the doctors. You have got the people that want to be like the Al Rokers. They want to be the weatherman or on the broadcast TV, that type of thing. 
That is great.’’ Then one young man, who was a senior, said, ‘‘Congressman, I am going to be a welder.’’ I went over the Moon with that young man. 
Mr. REED. I said, ‘‘Do you understand’’—to the rest of his class—‘‘I just left a steel facility in this district where they are going to start welders at $60,000 a year starting pay?’’ 
be able to have a career. This is a career. He is going to be able to have a little extra money in his pocket. He is going to be able to maybe get married and raise a family.’’ He got it, as a senior. I was so excited. 
As I walked out of that room and I 
was walking and exiting the building, I had one of the school officials, a guidance counselor, say, ‘‘Oh, Congressman, that was great. You made that young man’s day. There is no doubt about it. He is going to remember that day for the rest of his life.’’ ‘‘But,’’ she said, ‘‘we really don’t try to promote those types of careers, though.’’ 
Speaker. I said, ‘‘That is the problem. We have to change that concept, that stigma, that manufacturing historically carries with it.’’ I know we are doing it. I know the gentleman from Ohio is working with us, Mr. Speaker, to get that done. 
opportunities to that next generation, when you talk to mothers and fathers and say this is really what is out there, their eyes light up. The burden is lifted from their shoulders to see that their kids are choosing to go into a career that they want to and that they recognize is rewarding, safe, and productive. 
I will tell you I am going to continue 
the efforts to promote U.S. manufacturing because it is not just the manufacturers. As my good friend from Ohio indicated, it is all those supply chains, all those momandpops, those small businesses, that are not only supplying the pieces or the raw material to the manufacturers, but you think about the restaurants, you think about the service folks that are cleaning the facilities, you think about all that it takes to put that together. That is a vibrant, growing economy, Mr. Speaker. 
with U.S. manufacturing. That is why I am so glad that October 2 is National Manufacturing Day, so that we, as a nation, could maybe take a moment on Friday and say, ‘‘You know what. We are going to believe in American manufacturing again. We are going to make it here to sell it around the world, 
make it with our hands, create wealth, create something.’’ I know that my friend from Ohio shares that passion. 
One of the things that I am so committed to when we talk about this is the STEM, the science, technology, engineering, mathematics need of education policy going forward. That is what our advanced manufacturing bill with JOEKENNEDY was all about. 
And working with the Senate in a bicameral and getting it signed into law was to take these publicprivate partnerships, to take our schools, our universities, our colleges, work with our manufacturers to develop those skills that are necessary to do this manufacturing. 
been in many of the manufacturing facilities, just as I have—when you go and you look at these machines, you look at how these operations and assembly lines occur, you need high education. This is highly skilled stuff. You can just see the pride in the workers when they explain to me how they learned that computer program or they learned how to do that assembly line work. I will tell you, it is inspiring. 
I yield to the gentleman if he has got 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Yes. It is not like 
it is a 4year degree either. It is something that can be learned in a year or two because you are focused on exactly where you are going to be. 
starting at $60,000plus. You think about, if you could do that, start making $60,000 a year at 20—it takes a lot of people, schoolteachers, for example— how long does it take in Corning, New York, or Youngstown, Ohio, to get to $60,000? It is a little while. 
save, invest, put in your retirement, whatever, your kids’ college. I mean, you have that money not starting at $30,000, but starting at $60,000 or $70,000. And that can go vertical, too. 
are in the right position in the right company, you can start making upwards of $100,000 as a welder. That is a lot of money that, if you plan your finances properly, you can have a lot of savings. 
To that point as well, I was at Stark 
State Community College, which is just outside of Canton, a few weeks ago, and there were kids there from Barberton High School and Norton High School, about 10 or 15 of them. They just started a program where these kids in high school were earning credits for the welding certificate. 
earn 13 credit hours for a 30hour certificate. So by the time you graduate from high school, if you get in as a junior and you do it your junior and senior year, you will have 13 of 30 credits. So you don’t need much longer. You are over a third of the way to your certificate, and you just graduated from high school. 
things I think we need to continue to figure out how to incentivize and create. Part of it is the awareness that we were talking about, that it is okay for your kid to be a welder because of what we have already talked about. 
streamline the education process, to get kids on a track so, when they are 18, 19, 20 years old, they have a job and they are not sleeping in our basements? 
yeah, think about this. As we see the cost of colleges and your college degree, kids coming out of school—I came out of law school at the end of the day owing over $110,000. I was raised by a single mother. I am the youngest of 12. I have 8 older sisters and 3 older brothers. To start life after school with a $110,000 mortgage on my head was a very difficult thing. 
women who are going into these programs—it is not just welding. It is manufacturing. It is HVAC. It is plumbing. It is all of the things that go into U.S. manufacturing—and they are getting through school with these guaranteed programs or these community college programs. 
in the district that have a certification process system that they put together where they guarantee 100 percent hiring at the end of the certificate program for these kids after—I think it is 24 weeks, if I remember correctly. 
They are getting into that job, making that type of salary, and have no debt to pay for that college degree. That is a winwinwin. And they enjoy it. And they enjoy it. I am sure the gentleman knows these stories and has seen those people firsthand. 
great. Let’s keep it rolling and figure out what we can do moving forward in a bipartisan way like you and Congressman KENNEDY did. 
the ecosystem around different kinds of manufacturing in auto and additive and all the rest. We stand ready to work with you on the Democratic side to make that happen. 
aisle, on behalf of the people that we represent in western New York, you have that commitment, that I will continue to fight with you, stand with you to fight for U.S. manufacturing. I will not fight against you, but fight together so that we can advance U.S. manufacturing. 
It has been a pleasure to call you a 
friend. It has been a pleasure to be part of this caucus. Our caucus is strong, Mr. Speaker. We have bipartisan representation across the country. 
As we started this conversation tonight, in celebrating National Manufacturing Day this Friday, this is not a partisan issue. I go across the entire country, and people always tell me they appreciate the work we do in the caucus, in the Congress, when it comes 
continue to make this a priority so that we can make it here to sell it around the world again, bring those jobs back to American soil and create these middle class jobs to a large extent so that families, men and women, sons and daughters, can enjoy the American Dream. I appreciate the gentleman for joining us this evening. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Thank you, sir. Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I 
just want to summarize some of the numbers that are associated with U.S. manufacturing. 
17.6 million jobs in the United States. That is about 1 in 6 private sector jobs. More than 12 million Americans are employed directly in manufacturing. They earn almost $15,000 more annually than the average worker. 
all about. It is about creating wealth. It is about creating opportunity for generations to come. 
I will tell you, as we continue our career here in Washington, D.C., I will be a voice for U.S. manufacturing every day. We will break down barriers across the world so that we can have an even playing field, so that we can make those products, build those products here, access those markets where 95 percent of the world’s consumers live outside of America’s borders so that we have a vibrant economy not only servicing the American demand, but the world demand. 
here, if we get that trade policy done correctly, if we get that tax policy done where we have a Tax Code that is simple, fair, and is competitive for the 21st century—I am very confident, Mr. Speaker, that what we will create is an opportunity not just for U.S. manufacturing, but all American citizens, but, in particular, U.S. manufacturing to prosper and grow for generations to come. 
Mr. Speaker. I am excited to share with such a good man from the State of Ohio a passion and commitment to a priority issue of U.S. manufacturing. 
Mr. Speaker, I just ask all of my fellow American citizens to take a moment this Friday, October 2, and celebrate National Manufacturing Day. Let’s come together to have a great opportunity for the future generations of America to come. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, 
H.R. 3614. An act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 136. An act to amend chapter 21 of title 
5, United States Code, to provide that fathers of certain permanently disabled or deceased veterans shall be included with mothers of such veterans as preference eligibles for treatment in the civil service. 
S. 139. An act to permanently allow an exclusion under the Supplemental Security Income program and the Medicaid program for compensation provided to individuals who participate in clinical trials for rare diseases or conditions. 
S. 565. An act to reduce the operation and 
maintenance costs associated with the Federal fleet by encouraging the use of remanufactured parts, and for other purposes. 
S. 2082. An act to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to extend certain expiring provisions of law administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes. 
reported that on September 29, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 2051. To amend the Agricultural Marketing Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 42 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, October 1, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter reporting a violation of the Antideficiency Act, Navy case number 1402, as required by 31 U.S.C. 1351; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
2970. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing Rear Admiral John N. Christenson, United States Navy, to wear the insignia of the grade of vice admiral, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777a; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2971. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Patricia D. Horoho, United States Army, and her advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777a; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Secretary of Defense, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s semiannual Defense Cooperation Account report, period ending March 31, 2015, and semiannual Coalition Contributions: Personal Property report period ending March 31, 2015, as required by 10 U.S.C. 2608; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
2979. A letter from the Chief Administrative Officer, transmitting Statement Of Disbursements For The Period July 1, 2015 through September 30, 2015, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a; Public Law 88454; (H. Doc. No. 114—61); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 
2984. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury providing an update regarding the Treasury’s ability to continue to finance the government and the extraordinary measures taken to avoid default; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s report entitled ‘‘Report to Congress: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1880. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to take into trust 4 parcels of Federal land for the benefit of certain Indian Pueblos in the State of New Mexico (Rept. 114–271). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 448. Resolution providing for consideration of the concurrent resolution (H. Con. Res. 79) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719, and providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 719) to require the Transportation Security Administration to conform to existing Federal law and regulations regarding criminal investigator positions, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–272). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Resolution 449. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3457) to prohibit the lifting of sanctions on Iran until the Government of Iran pays the judgments against it for acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules (Rept. 114–273). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2168. A bill to make the current Dungeness crab fishery management regime permanent and for other purposes (Rept. 114–274). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1541. A bill to amend title 54, United States Code, to make Hispanicserving institutions eligible for technical and financial assistance for the establishment of preservation training and degree programs; with an amendment (Rept. 114– 275). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
DEFAZIO, Mr. D ENHAM , and Mr. C APUANO): 
H.R. 3651. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to provide for the extension of certain deadlines related to positive train 
control, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
respect to women’s health; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
and increase accessibility to, the National Missing and Unidentified Persons System, to facilitate data sharing between such system and the National Crime Information Center database of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, to provide incentive grants to help facilitate reporting to such systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3654. A bill to require a report on 
United States strategy to combat terrorist use of social media, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Arizona, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. S MITH of 
Missouri, Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. B ABIN, and 
H.R. 3655. A bill to amend the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 with respect to Federal Government liability and to require reimbursement to the Judgement Fund for certain claims, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3656. A bill to prohibit the sale or distribution of tobacco products to individuals under the age of 21; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3657. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to require that supplemental nutrition assistance program benefits be calculated with reference to the cost of the lowcost food plan as determined by the Secretary of Agriculture, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H.R. 3658. A bill to provide grants to better 
understand and reduce gestational diabetes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3659. A bill to amend the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to remove citizenship and immigration barriers to access the Exchanges under such Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mexico, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. N ADLER , 
and Mr. M CGOVERN ): H. Con. Res. 80. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress on Hunger in our Communities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
consideration of the bill (H.R. 597) to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. 
sense of the House of Representatives that Sergeant Charles Martland, a decorated member of the Special Forces, should be reinstated in the United States Army; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to require the Clerk of the House to conduct the election of the Speaker of the House by secret ballot; to the Committee on Rules. 
Florida, Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. M AXINE  
sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Government should provide additional relief and assistance to the island of Dominica; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3651. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the several States). 
H.R. 3652. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3653. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3654. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3655. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3656. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3657. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 3658. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3659. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 167: Ms. S TEFANIK , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
H.R. 699: Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. L AMBORN , and 
H.R. 814: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 921: Mr. H URDof Texas and Mr. C RENSHAW . 
H.R. 969: Mr. R ICHMOND and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. J OLLY and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1399: Ms. M ATSUI and Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 1401: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 1475: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 1550: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 1600: Mr. L YNCH and Mr. D ANNY K. 
H.R. 1603: Mr. M OULTON , Mr. B YRNE , and 
H.R. 1610: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. J OYCE and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. H ANNA , 
Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. B URGESS, Mr. B UCK, Mr. H UELSKAMP , and Mrs. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. T ITUS and Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 2241: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
H.R. 2254: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. C ONNOLLY . 
H.R. 2408: Mr. H UFFMAN and Ms. T ITUS. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. M ILLER of Florida, 
Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 2622: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. Y OUNG of 
H.R. 2646: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S CALISE , and 
H.R. 2739: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2759: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. 
H.R. 2858: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
H.R. 2866: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C ARNEY , and 
H.R. 2896: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. B UCHANAN , 
H.R. 2903: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. H.R. 2944: Ms. E STY, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. T ED 
H.R. 3094: Ms. B ORDALLO and Mr. C OLLINS  
H.R. 3119: Mr. G IBBS and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 3268: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
POMPEO , Ms. G ABBARD , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. A GUILAR , and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H.R. 3381: Mr. F ARENTHOLD and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 3412: Mr. P OCAN and Mrs. D AVIS of 
H.R. 3457: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. L OUDERMILK , 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. 
H.R. 3475: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
CLAY, Ms. A DAMS , Ms. F UDGE , and Mr. C ARSONof Indiana. 
H.R. 3516: Mr. M CCAUL and Mr. W EBER of 
H.R. 3532: Mr. R OUZER , Ms. H ERRERA  
BEUTLER , and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 3542: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON , 
Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 3611: Mr. C RENSHAW , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. L UCAS , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. 
H.R. 3641: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
H.J. Res. 51: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. B RADY of 
Mr. Michael F. Doyle of Pennsylvania, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
TSONGAS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. D OLD, 
Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, and Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Res. 394: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. B ASS. 
H. Res. 416: Mr. R IGELL , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
H. Res. 438: Miss R ICEof New York and Mr. 
H. Res. 443: Mr. H ONDA and Mr. V ANHOLLEN. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7011 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 30, 2015 No. 142 