we are dealing with the defense authorization legislation, we should step back and look at the big picture. Are we taking tough stands dealing with escalating personnel costs, procurement issues, excess facilities? Are we honoring the responsibility of the military to clean up after itself? One of the best examples is a failure to deal with the rightsizing of our military facilities. It is no secret that our nuclear triad, 
which includes our landbased missiles, nuclear submarines, and bombers, are wildly in excess of anything we need for deterrence. 
The Pentagon’s 2013 report on nuclear employment strategy declared that ‘‘we can ensure the security of the United States and our allies and maintain a strong and credible strategic deterrence while safely pursuing up to a onethird reduction in deployed nuclear weapons from the level established in the New START Treaty.’’ 
Other experts, including a commission chaired by former Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General James Cartwright, suggest we could go even lower without jeopardizing security. 
over a trillion dollars in the decades to come on weapons that are largely irrelevant to the challenges of today: ISIS, 9/11type attacks, military activities in Iraq and Afghanistan, Russian aggression in the Ukraine. 
appropriate level for the nuclear deterrence. But until we face up to the fact that we ought to at least know what we are getting into, one simple step would have been to tell Congress what the longer term costs are going to be. 
amendment that was successfully approved to require the CBO to publish every 2 years a 10year cost estimate of our nuclear modernization. It has already proven extremely valuable to provide a set of numbers we can compare to the Pentagon’s estimates. Unfortunately, more and more of these expenses are being pushed outside the 10year window. 
at least required our being able to have a 25year cost of modernization, an estimate the Pentagon said they can do and one that we already have for the National Nuclear Security Administration. One other area that was equally puzzling was the failure to allow a bipartisan, fully offset amendment to upgrade our Air National Guard F–15s. The radar they are using dates to the 1970s. In fact, it went out of production 30 years ago. We had a simple, bipartisan, fully offset amendment to allow the Air Guard to at least get 10 planes modernized on an ongoing basis. 
tackle the big issues. We are not even given an opportunity to guarantee Congress knows what the longer term costs are, and we are shortchanging small investments that would make a big difference for our Air National Guard. 
I hope we are going to have an opportunity as the legislation moves forward for Congress to do a better job balancing our priorities, meeting the needs of our men and women in uniform, and protecting our longterm budget. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. BRIDENSTINE ) for 5 minutes. 
would like to take some time this morning to celebrate the life of a remarkable American, the late Smith Wildman Brookhart, III. 
22, 1935, and passed away last month. He is survived by his wife of 56 years, Gail Anderson Brookhart; three sons and their wives; and 10 grandchildren. One of Smith’s sons, Tom Brookhart, and his wife, Debra Brookhart, are my constituents and good friends in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 
Smith Brookhart’s life. After graduating from East High School in Duluth, Minnesota, Smith attended Iowa State College in Ames, Iowa, receiving 
his degree in 1957. He served our country in uniform as an ensign in the United States Navy. His service included two Antarctic expeditions. As a Navy pilot myself, I can tell you Antarctic expeditions are not something that are friendly; I will just say that. 
to Branson, Missouri, where he became the CEO of Ozark Mountain Bank. He served in that capacity for over three decades. He was very involved in the development of Branson, Missouri. My family and I have had occasion to visit Branson. It is a very familyfriendly town where Christians are very welcome. I know that Smith’s Christian faith was very important to him. 
transplant and was given a new lease on life. 
‘‘Smith would not want to be remembered for the accolades of his efforts, but for a life rich with friendships.’’ 
Brookhart, a remarkable American, father, grandfather, community leader, patriot, and servant of Christ. 
death nor life, nor angels nor demons, neither the present nor the future, nor any powers, neither height nor depth, nor anything else in all creation will be able to separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus our Lord.’’ 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
today, the House will consider amendments to the National Defense Authorization Act. That is the bill that tells the military what to do with all the money we give them. 
the military, the Democrats and Republicans whose job it is to examine these issues voted to include two studies of how immigrants are or are not included in military recruitment. 
on the Republicanled Republican majority committee these two amendments won their votes and were added to the bill. The Gallego and Veasey amendments were included. 
But no matter how many times Republican leaders have appeased the hardliners on the fringes of their right flank—to disastrous consequences, I might add—they have chosen to capitulate one more time and ruled last night that amendments can be stripped from the bill today, these two reasonable amendments. 
the Republicans, from their Presidential nominee all the way down to their local government candidates, are in very, very deep trouble when it 
Secretary of Defense to study the impact of letting immigrants who grew up for years in the United States, who have passed a criminal background check, and who have a legal work permit to be in the United States; it asked the Secretary to study whether including them in military recruitment would help diversify our military. A study. 
The second did not call for any action or any study at all. It simply said it is a sense of Congress that the Secretary review whether recipients of Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals be allowed to serve in the military. It is kind of telling the top brass: This is what we think you might want to do. That is the program where 700,000 young immigrants came forward, got right with the law, and got a work permit after they passed a criminal background check. 
of Defense ‘‘reviewing’’ something is, when it comes to the hardliners? Do you know what ‘‘studying’’ something related to immigrants who have deferred action is to the nativists? Do you know what the contingent of hardcore antiimmigration guys in the Republican Conference started shouting? You guessed it? The A word. Amnesty. 
I have the language right here: ‘‘It is the sense of the House of Representatives that the Secretary of Defense should review section 504 of title 10.’’ 
to Iowa to Texas began throwing around the amnesty attack. It is a backdoor amnesty, they said. We shouldn’t ‘‘reward’’ illegal aliens who want to risk their lives to defend their adopted country when we have red blooded Americans who want to fight and die. 
days ago, used the word ‘‘amnesty’’ 20 times in less than 1,400 words while ticking off the Members of the House of Representatives who might lose elections to more antiimmigrant candidates if the two studies are allowed to be included in the defense bill. 
the Little Mouse. I used to read it to my grandson, Luisito—the same story you probably read to your kids and grandkids. 
It goes like this. If you give a mouse 
a cookie, he is going to ask you for a glass of milk. And if you give him a glass of milk, he is going to ask for a straw. Anything you give the little mouse is going to lead to a newer and bigger request. That is what it must feel like to Speaker of the House BOEHNERwith his nativist wing of his party. 
patrol guards, Mr. Speaker, they are going to ask you for more deportation. If you give them a record number of deportations, they are going to ask the 
Speaker for a vote to more quickly deport vulnerable children. If you give them the vote for quicker deportation of children, they will demand a vote to deport all DREAMers who have permission to work in the United States legally—700,000. And if you give them a vote on deporting DREAMers, they will ask for a hearing on amending the Constitution to eliminate birthright citizenship. 
will change the Constitution of the United States. And then at some point they will demand that every single reference to anything related to immigrants without papers, even a research project, be declared an amnesty and stripped from legislation. 
If you give a mouse a cookie, he is 
going to want some milk, Mr. Speaker. And if you give the restrictionists a vote or hearing on every crazy idea they come up with, you will be relegated as a party to being a provincial party with power in the House of Representatives, and maybe from time to time being able to run the Senate, but you will never win the White House and you will never run the Supreme Court. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. POMPEO ) for 5 minutes. 
this body will take up the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. It has the noble intention of reducing the risk that the Iranians will develop a nuclear arsenal. Unfortunately, I think passage of this bill will do just the opposite. 
Mr. Speaker, Ben Rhodes, the President’s Deputy National Security Adviser, has said that the Iranian nuclear deal is President Obama’s secondterm ObamaCare. He meant that as a good thing, but we all know what a disaster that law has been for this country. And in reality, the Iranian nuclear deal, as it is being negotiated by this President, is far worse for the American people and for future generations than that healthcare law could ever be. 
agreement between the P5+1 and Iran that the President has talked about has never been written down. Everyone 
in this Chamber today knows exactly what the ultimate deal will entail, though. The United States and the international community will release Iran from its crushing sanctions in exchange for nearly nothing. 
the path of getting a nuclear weapon if this agreement is ultimately signed; but, instead of asserting congressional authority and constraining the President, the House today is considering a bill that will do just the opposite. 
check to sign a really bad deal with the largest state sponsor of terror in the world. The mullahs will be allowed to enrich uranium and to continue to build their missile program. 
grant such sweeping power to President Obama, allowing him to lift sanctions on Iran, no matter the cost to our national security, the security of Israel, and the entire world. 
do this today without having even one hearing, one amendment, a grand total of 40 minutes of debate about how we might actually reduce the risk to the world by constraining the President and the agreement he intends to sign. The House is giving this to the President without even trying. I can’t be part of that. 
We can’t even use the excuse of timing. The President says we have until at least June 30 before any deal can be struck. On this immensely important issue, an issue that my colleagues tell me is one of the most important facing our Nation—and I certainly agree with that—we will give too short a shrift and move too quickly without doing all that we can. 
Tehran was taken over for 444 days by the Iranians, they have been killing Americans. They have killed my friends with IEDs in Iraq by the hundreds. Today, Shia militias run rampant through that country. They talk of Baghdad as an extension of the caliphate. 
watched on the news as the Iranians were firing on cargo ships off the coast of Yemen. They have tried to kill an Ambassador to the United States in this very town; yet we are about to strike an agreement that will grant them the capacity to build a nuclear weapon. This body is not doing all that it can. 
this bill and work toward a real solution that has the opportunity to keep Iran from getting that nuclear arsenal. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ) for 5 minutes. 
Pacific Partnership trade agreement is the biggest trade deal our country has seen since NAFTA. With 12 participating countries, it encompasses 40 percent of the world’s gross domestic product, so we have to get it right. 
Working men and women in our communities are counting on us to get it right, not just fast, and that is why I oppose granting fasttrack authority. You can see the impact of fasttracked trade agreements in communities across the country, in the loss of hundreds of thousands of jobs, factory jobs, middle class jobs, and lower wages for hardworking Americans. In fact, the Economic Policy Institute estimates that since NAFTA, the U.S. has lost more than 700,000 jobs as production has moved to Mexico. The communities I represent in south central Wisconsin bear the scars of past trade agreements which have not lived up to what the supporters say for fast track. 
Pen has been in Janesville, Wisconsin, and employed at one time over 1,000 workers. Thanks to bad trade deals, in 2009, the remaining 150 jobs were shipped to Mexico. We are not just talking the last few years. We are talking the last few months. 
MerkleKorff Industries plant in Darlington, a town of 2,400 people, announced they are closing. Thirtysix familysupporting jobs are leaving that community. If that were proportional in Madison, Wisconsin, that would be like losing 3,600 jobs in a community that size. 
shipped out of the country, it pushes wages down for workers here. 
that the American people, through their elected Representatives, will lose their voice in Congress by limiting the ability of Congress to debate and to amend the trade agreement. 
fasttrack process, each Member would have a little over 2 minutes to debate that trade deal. Members would have no opportunity to offer amendments on an agreement that has 29 chapters, that covers everything from food safety to environmental standards, labor rights, intellectual property, and more. 
It would give Congress’ constitutional authority to the President for 6 years. That means this President, the next President, and potentially, the next President; and all Congress would be left with is a yesorno vote. 
Before Congress grants fasttrack authority, we need to get the TransPacific Partnership right. What does it mean to get it right? Well, one, it means having strong enforcement language to protect American workers and our environment, which we don’t currently have in the current deal. 
the labor and environmental chapters of the law. While, in some instances, the language is marginally better, it still lacks enforcement. 
With the Colombia free trade agreement, we can see exactly what happened. While language has been implemented in the law to protect labor rights, there has been absolutely no implementation of that language. In fact, in the 4 years since the Colombia free trade agreement has passed, 105 union organizers have been killed— murdered—in that country. The environmental chapter, I would argue, is arguably worse and still lacks the same enforcement capacity to protect our country. 
Getting TPP means scrapping the investor state dispute settlement provisions that put corporate interests 
They create a tribunal run by the same corporate trade lawyers who, on Monday, represent the multinational corporations; on Tuesday, are supposed to be the fair arbitrators of the law; and on Wednesday, are back on the corporate payroll. 
These provisions are only for multinational corporations and not for American small businesses or labor or environmental violations. 
Getting the TransPacific Partnership right means having other important provisions included, like currency manipulation, protections against human trafficking, and protections for human rights for LGBT individuals and for single mothers in countries that have implemented sharia law. 
Getting the TransPacific Partnership right means having open and transparent negotiations because there is still too much the American people don’t know about this secretive agreement. After all, only about 600 people have been involved in drafting this agreement, largely corporate CEOs, but not you and not me. 
jobs and wages. Another bad trade deal will cost more American jobs and lower our wages. 
We have seen how free trade agreements like NAFTA, CAFTA, and the U.SKorea Free Trade Agreement passed using the same fasttrack process have turned out to be a bad deal for American workers. 
fast. Congress must say ‘‘no’’ to the fasttrack process. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
morning to highlight and address, hopefully, an issue that needs to be held in check here in Washington, D.C. 
Mr. Speaker, our office has been contacted numerous times from individuals across the Nation about attacks on private property rights by Big Government. Big Government continues to increasingly address and impact private property rights day in and day out. 
We have heard stories of family farmers, people like Neil Vitale in my district, in western New York, who has been farming his land on the Pennsylvania border for years and years and years. Just yesterday, our Governor in the great State of New York banned the development of natural gas by banning hydraulic fracturing across the State of New York. 
Mr. Vitale was going to use the resources of the property rights represented in the natural gas mineral rights to the farm that he has taken 
care of for so many years in order to 
take care of the bills for him, his family, and his family farm, but now, that right has been lost because government action has taken that right away from Mr. Vitale. 
who was ordered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and the EPA to stop farming 30 acres of his land as they were determining it to be a wetland. 
for years. He had to go through court. He went to the U.S. district court, and they said he is okay. He can keep farming the land. 
That wasn’t enough for Big Government. They took it up to the court of appeals, and ultimately, the court ordered that Mr. Brace had to stop farming that 30 acres and pay a $10,000 fine and also hundreds of thousands of dollars in order to restore that property to the property that he has been using in his family for generations. When Mr. Brace tried to go to court to seek compensation for that right that was taken away, the court said: No, you don’t have a right here. 
fundamental belief in this country of private property rights and freedom. In the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution, it says that the government can act and it can take action, but it must provide just compensation when it impacts people’s private property. 
D.C., I have taken two concrete actions to address this issue, Mr. Speaker. Recently, I started the Private Property Rights Caucus with my colleagues in Congress. This is a caucus that has been made up of 14 original members, spanning from Maine to California, to highlight this issue and to say to Big Government, enough is enough. 
and the fundamental property rights that they have paid for, they have earned, that they take care of in maintaining their property, paying taxes on their property, and living the American Dream. 
I also introduced the Defense of Property Rights Act. The Defense of Property Rights Act is based on just a simple reading of the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution. It says just that, if you take action as Big Government has done, Big Government will have to take into consideration the impact on private property rights. 
we clarify the ability of individuals to go and follow the Constitution and at least get compensation from the government for taking those private property rights away from these individuals. 
simple principles that I think my colleagues on both sides of the aisle can join with me and say that is only fair because, if you really care about our fellow Americans, when their property rights are taken away because of Big 
Government action, we should at least say to them: we will stand with you as individuals and as Americans who believe in the fundamental principles of freedom and of private property rights, and we will at least get you some sort of compensation for the injury that you have suffered. 
As a result of that, I urge my colleagues to join the caucus, support the Defense of Property Rights Act, and join me in highlighting this issue so that we can say enough is enough. 
It is time to stand with our individuals, the constituents that we represent here in Washington, D.C., rather than the interests of Big Government and Big Government on all levels, Federal, State, and local. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ) for 5 minutes. 
today to recognize Frank E. Lee who, after 35 years as the familiar afternoon personality at WXRT, Frank welcomed his muchdeserved retirement last week. 
is a Chicago institution unto himself. Frank’s boss, Norm Winer, put it best when he said: ‘‘Frank’s wideranging love and knowledge of music, his remarkable verbal skills, his wry and sardonic sense of humor, impressive sense of professionalism, and generous nature have distinguished him among Chicago’s alltime great air personalities.’’ 
honoring Frank E. Lee for his career as one of Chicago’s finest radio personalities and most recognizable voices. We thank him for his years of service on the air. 
I was there in the studio as he closed 
off his career with the Stones’ classic, ‘‘Moonlight Mile.’’ We tried to capture the essence of how Chicagoans felt when he left. All I can say is I got silence on my radio. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize an institution that, for 50 years, has been the cultural heart of the city of St. Petersburg, Florida. 
Theater celebrates its 50th anniversary. Opening in 1965, the venue was originally called the Bayfront Center Complex, a combination arena and theater along the city’s most beautiful downtown waterfront. 
place for community and civic groups, and its many shows drew tourists from around the State. The artists that have performed at the Mahaffey could easily 
fill an entertainment hall of fame, from Louis Armstrong to Dionne Warwick to Liza Minelli to Johnny Mathis, Kenny Rogers, and even ‘‘The President’s Own’’ United States Marine Band, an event that was secured by the invitation of my predecessor, Congressman Bill Young. 
the venue occurred in 1987, and the Bayfront Theater became the Mahaffey Theater after a generous gift from St. Petersburg’s Mahaffey family. In 2011, Big3 Entertainment took over the management of the Mahaffey, with CEO and chairman Bill Edwards privately funding a number of major enhancements. 
Florida Orchestra, and it is the annual host site for the Miss Florida Pageant. 
The Mahaffey also supports, very importantly, the highly successful Class Acts program, which enables school children to experience the performing arts through intheater performances, as well as inschool outreach and extension programs. 
very important moments of American history. The theater was the site of the 1996 Vice Presidential debate between Al Gore and Jack Kemp. And in 2007, the Mahaffey hosted the nationally televised Republican Presidential primary debate, known as the very first YouTube debate, having Americans, for the very first time, submit questions via YouTube video clips. 
join me in recognizing the Mahaffey Theater, celebrating a venue that today anchors a growing and thriving Pinellas County arts community and serves as a stage that celebrates the arts but, most importantly, celebrates the remarkable human spirit, the creativity of so many performers, and the dedication and commitment of the greater St. Petersburg community. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) for 5 minutes. 
the floor of the House of Representatives again to introduce and talk to this body and to the American people about my constituent, Amir Hekmati. Amir is an American. He is a United States marine. He is a brother. He is a son. He is a Michigander. He grew up in my hometown of Flint, Michigan. He served this country in uniform, as I said, in the United States Marine Corps. He is of Iranian descent, though he was born in the United States. 
to Iran to visit family he had never met, a grandmother he had never seen. He traveled under his own name, notified the Iranian Government that he 
was going to be there; and after just a 
couple of weeks, he was apprehended, disappeared. His family didn’t know where he was for months until it was 
revealed that he had been tried, convicted, and sentenced to death for espionage, a charge that he is completely innocent of. In fact, the Iranian court of appeals, the appeals process, even set aside that conviction and set aside his death sentence. There was no evidence. 
him to 10 years, a conviction that is based on the fact that, under Iranian law, he is considered an Iranian citizen even though he was born in the United States and never had even been there before. But the fact that he had served in the Marine Corps created a set of facts that caused them to convict him of a crime and sentence him to 10 years. 
Amir Hekmati has sat in Evin prison, a notorious prison in Tehran. 
I have introduced, along with a number of other Members, a resolution calling for the immediate release of the Americans that Iran holds. It has 28 Republican cosponsors, 27 Democrats, and we are adding them every day. 
this is a nonpartisan question. It is beyond politics. This is about the rights of a free man being held in Iran. So I am asking my colleagues and the American people to get engaged, to call upon Iran to do what is right and release the Americans that they hold. And it is really important that this Congress speak with one voice and carry the voices of all the people that we represent, asking, telling Iran that if they think they can join the global community and continue to hold innocent Americans as political prisoners, they are wrong. 
the hashtag #freeamirnow to send a message to thank those Members, as I will, to thank those Members of Congress who have joined this resolution. I will be sending out on Twitter a thank you to each Member who has done so, using #freeamirnow. I hope other Members of Congress and those across the country will join us. 
Later today we will consider legislation that will define how Congress will review and offer its input on the potential Iran nuclear deal. It is really important that we negotiate with those who make this world more dangerous first before attempting other methods, and it is important that we give this negotiation a chance. But it is also very clear that it will be very difficult for this Congress and the American people to consider any understanding, any agreement, with Iran without considering their other behavior, whether it is this nuclear agreement or other engagement with this country. If they continue to hold Americans as political prisoners, it is impossible for us to ignore that fact. 
trade the freedom of innocent Americans for concessions at the negotiating 
table with Iran over their nuclear capabilities. Again, we should not make their freedom a part of this deal. They, meaning the American families who are worrying about their loved ones, don’t want this; and I know that Amir Hekmati, himself, does not want to be part of the consideration, does not want to be traded for concessions at the nuclear negotiating table. 
The onus is on Iran to do what is 
right, and it is critical that this body and all the people that we represent speak with a single voice and make it clear, as the Senate did in their resolution calling upon Iran to release these Americans. It is important that the people’s body speak for the people of the United States and tell Iran loud and clear that you cannot hold Americans as political prisoners and be accepted into the international community. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. 
the latest round of the P5+1 Iranian nuclear talks resume this week in Vienna, it is important for us to highlight just how weak and dangerous this deal is. 
Obama took office, he has sought the legacy of having achieved a nuclear agreement with Iran, regardless of the cost to our national security. In his first inaugural address, he promised to unclench his fist to dictators and followed that up in Cairo, telling the Iranian regime that he was willing to move forward ‘‘without preconditions on the basis of mutual respect.’’ 
regime has targeted and killed Americans since the Iranian revolution in 1979. This regime was responsible for killing and wounding thousands of our U.S. troops in Iraq. This murderous regime is destabilizing the region and mocking the U.S. by blowing up a mock U.S. aircraft carrier and chanting, continually, ‘‘death to America.’’ 
only access to billions of dollars, but also international legitimacy. Countries and businesses no longer fear doing business with Iran, even though the sanctions are still in place. They no longer fear looking like international pariahs, helping one of the world’s worst human rights abusers and the world’s largest supporter of global terror because President Obama has telegraphed to the world that he trusts the Iranian regime, giving it the legitimacy that it would have never gotten without this nuclear deal. 
announced that it will resume sales of its surfacetoair missiles to Iran before the ink could even dry on the framework agreement, and Putin has said that Russia will trade assets like 
grain and construction equipment in exchange for Iranian oil. Iran has also announced that China is going to help it build five additional nuclear power plants. 
According to reports, China and Russia have stated that they will not support snapback sanctions. Now, snapback sanctions are the cornerstone of the deal that the administration has praised as a victory. And U.S. oil executives have reportedly begun talks with Iranian officials in preparation for the opening of Iran’s economy—in Iran, no less. 
stopped a potentially illegal nuclear technology purchase by the Iranians earlier this year. So I asked the administration: Did the administration know, and did the P5+1 know about this violation? Did they choose to ignore it in order to forge this framework agreement anyway? All of this in exchange for a deal that allows Iran to continue to enrich uranium and to keep every key element of its nuclear infrastructure intact. 
after concession, giving up nothing but a few cosmetic and easily reversible changes. Since taking office, President Obama has capitulated to Iranian demands to cement his legacy of the President who normalized relations with Iran. 
verify this nuclear agreement, despite what the President promises, because he knows that access to Iranian sites rests with the Iranian regime. Access to military sites—where they would more than likely hide some of their nuclear infrastructure—isn’t in the deal either. It is foolhardy and dangerous to believe that Iran will give immediate and unobstructed access anytime, anywhere, to all of its sites. 
come clean on the possible military dimensions of its nuclear program, nor are we addressing its ballistic missile program, its support for terror, and its expansionist agenda throughout the Middle East. All we are doing is legitimizing one of the world’s worst and most dangerous regimes at the expense of regional and U.S. national security. 
continue spreading terror and fomenting instability and sectarian conflict across the globe. We have seen it in Yemen. We have seen it elsewhere. 
the brink of collapsing, yet the President continues on this dangerous quest for his Iran nuclear deal legacy. He has ignored the reality on the ground for political considerations and, in doing so, is putting our national security in jeopardy and that of our ally, the democratic Jewish State of Israel. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for 5 minutes. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, recently I visited the NewbergDundee bypass, a highway construction project in my district that will divert traffic around two small communities that are thriving but choked with congestion. Once completed, local residents and visitors will no longer be stuck in traffic, especially on the weekends. The many wineries and farms and other small businesses in the county won’t have to wait hours to get their customers in and their products out of the region. New businesses will see opportunity in relocating to the area, rather than obstacles to commerce. 
For this growing county, a comprehensive transportation network is critical to its success. This isn’t just true for my district; it is true across the country. Our roads, trains, buses, bridges, and ports are at the center of our economy. They are the way people get to work and businesses get their goods to market. 
transportation system continues to shrink. Spending on our infrastructure is now at its smallest share of GDP in the last 22 years. 
In my State, in a 2014 report, the Oregon Department of Transportation estimates that the current 20year forecast budget for the State highway system is insufficient to preserve and maintain pavement and bridges in their current condition. The report finds that not only will our roads deteriorate, but an increasing number of bridges will close to heavy trucks, forcing lengthy detours that will cost businesses time and money. 
maintenance costs, congested arteries, and traffic that delays the delivery of products; and, of course, the failure to update our trains and bridges threatens public safety. I implore this body, let us take action before another tragic accident. 
highway trust fund have left contractors and workers with uncertainty as they delay or even scrap construction plans. This costs us jobs and defers unnecessary maintenance and new construction while increasing expenses. 
the AFL–CIO Transportation Trades Department, said: ‘‘Years of congressional inaction on a longterm surface transportation bill has harmed our economy.’’ Congress needs to ‘‘get to work on a robust longterm bill that expands investments and job creation and is paid for with a sustainable revenue stream.’’ I couldn’t agree more. 
The NewbergDundee bypass was decades in the making. It is a partnership with local, State, tribal, and Federal support, and, quite simply, it wouldn’t be under construction without previously approved funding. The Oregon Department of Transportation couldn’t 
make a commitment without a commitment from the Federal Government as well. 
last week, it was clear that this project is putting people to work: contractors, 
construction workers, people down the supply chain, and many others. 
current transportation bill expires, I call on my colleagues to take up a robust, multimodal, longterm transportation bill. Funding transportation provides our communities with an economic boost now and reinforces our infrastructure in a way that will sustain and strengthen our economy years from now. 
discussions in this Chamber about global competitiveness and the U.S. role in the world. World class infrastructure is critical to securing and maintaining this role. We need to act. We need to act now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
to express my support for the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. While I wish it were stronger, it does force the administration to bring it before this body to review any deal. Last week, I traveled to Israel on a weeklong mission to strengthen the U.S.Israel relationship and convey the message that we stand with our Israeli partners on the security challenges that are in front of us. 
a nuclear weapon was at the forefront of literally everyone’s mind. The Israeli leaders that I met with, individuals across the political spectrum, all reiterated what I have said all along: concern about the direction of the P5+1 nuclear talks with Iran is not—I repeat, is not—a partisan issue. In fact, there was multipartisan support and appreciation in Israel for Prime Minister Netanyahu’s outspoken opposition to a bad deal. 
American and an Israeli issue. A nuclear Iran threatens the Middle East, and, I would argue, the entire world. 
Council are also skeptical of the deal taking shape. The leaders of Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Oman, and the United Arab Emirates have made their displeasure known by choosing to skip the President’s Camp David summit this week. 
proxy war with Iran in Yemen, will not sit idly by if we agree to a deal that legitimizes Iran as a nuclear threshold state. The last thing anyone in the P5+1 wants is a nuclear arms race further destabilizing the Middle East and, I believe, increasing the chance of a nuclear war. 
to vote in favor of this important legislation today to ensure that the American people have a say in any final 
that Congress will have an upordown vote on the future of any deal. It is that vote—the one which will occur after a deal is reached—that will be the pivotal moment in our efforts to stop Iran’s nuclear program. That will be the vote that decides whether Iran has an internationally accepted and legitimized path to a bomb or whether we will hold the administration accountable to its assertion that no deal is better than a bad deal. 
withstand the pressure and unequivocally reject any deal that leaves intact Iran’s nuclear infrastructure; cements Iran’s position as a nuclear threshold state; unwinds the sanctions architecture, giving Iran an infusion of literally billions of dollars that it will use to finance terror against Israel and around the globe; and legitimizes a suretofail inspection regime that falls short of ‘‘anytime, anywhere’’ inspections. Mr. Speaker, we must not be fooled into false choices, and Iran must not be left with any path to a nuclear weapon. 
Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to highlight something very concerning related to Syria which, I believe, has significant implications for any Iran agreement. Recent reports indicate a clear violation of the deal that this administration struck with Bashar al Assad 2 years ago to remove chemical weapons from Syria. Unfortunately, these serious violations are not receiving the attention and scrutiny they deserve. According to reports, an international monitoring body found traces of chemical weapons in Syria and reported this breach to the administration earlier this year. 
Robert Ford is quoted as saying: ‘‘The Syrian revelations shouldn’t be a surprise given the regime’s track record. It is a violation of the deal we struck with the Russians, and it is a violation of the deal the Syrian regime struck with the U.N.’’ 
repeat itself with a bad deal with Iran. This deal, if done incorrectly, has far reaching implications not just for the United States, Israel, and our allies, but for the world and future generations. 
of the legislation coming before this body today so that we can give the American people an opportunity to review what the deal is and have an opportunity to vote ‘‘yes’’ or ‘‘no’’ based upon what is in this agreement. 
Mr. Speaker, let me be clear. I strongly support the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and encourage my colleagues to join me in voting yes later today. 
agreement released in April because, as written, I believe it will legitimize Iran’s status as a nuclear threshold state. This is unacceptable, and we should not support any deal that permits this. 
this critical matter of national security, and Congress must have the opportunity to take an upordown vote on any final deal. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington (Mr. HECK) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, we hear a lot about rap sheets these days. We hear of a lot of young people defined simply by their brushes with the law. But for this man, Billy Frank, Jr., his story was so much more than the crimes for which he was arrested— not convicted I might add. His rap sheet, Martin Luther King’s rap sheet, Rosa Park’s rap sheet, and Congressman JOHNLEWIS’ rap sheet are just a 
piece of a larger narrative about the struggle for social justice. 
Northwest’s foremost advocate for restoration of Native American fishing treaty rights, a dream he lived and saw realized. He cherished clean water and salmon, and he was a key voice in the recovery of the Puget Sound, the largest estuary in the United States of America. Billy was also a proud patriot. He served in the United States Marine Corps where, ironically, he was a member of the military police. 
But he really isn’t gone. His story is here in the Halls of Congress, in which he was so often seen and which he roamed on behalf of his beloved causes, including protecting the Puget Sound, our fisheries, and the cause of clean water. 
Wildlife Refuge, which we now protect to give our wildlife a clean and sustainable place to live and which was made possible by a great former Member of the House of Representatives, Norm Dicks. Billy was born, raised, and grew up at Frank’s Landing, which was literally just a hop, skip, and a jump from the wildlife refuge and is where his family lived for perhaps thousands of years. He fished in the Nisqually River, which snakes through the Nisqually Wildlife Refuge, and that is the location of where he was arrested more than a dozen times—well, okay, it was actually 59 times. 
2270, will rename that refuge after Billy Frank, Jr., and it will also make the place of the signing of the Treaty of Medicine Creek a National Historic Site. It will make sure that the story of that site is told, especially by the descendants of those who lived that history. Those tribes will be involved in the development and the understanding behind that site and what it means to them now and before. 
How do you do this? How do you effectively advocate on behalf of clean water and salmon—as he did—over so many decades? Billy always had the same answer. He would say, ‘‘Tell your 
Frank, Jr., Nisqually National Wildlife Refuge, they will be able to see why— why—he held fishins. They will see why he risked arrest so many times. They will see why he ultimately worked with others to help protect his home and the home of the fish. They will see why he did all these things. 
fought for what he believed in, and later in his life he worked with lawmakers to build consensus. In fact, he was a master consensus builder. How do I know this? Well, he was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. He actually won the extremely prestigious Albert Schweitzer Prize for Humanitarianism award, and he has had not one but two books written about him. 
by the sign that directs them to the refuge, maybe they will feel a little bit of that Billy Frank, Jr., magic. Maybe they will wonder who he was, what he did, and find out about his story. For those of us who knew him, it will be a great reminder of a hero. In fact, I would count Billy Frank, Jr., a man I knew many decades and loved, more than a hero. He was truly a great man. He was the Pacific Northwest equivalent of Nelson Mandela or Martin Luther King, Jr. or Desmond Tutu. 
That is how great a man he was. Here 
is what Billy said: ‘‘I don’t believe in magic. I believe in the Sun and the stars, the water, the tides, the floods, the owls, the hawks flying, the river running, the wind talking. They are measurements. They tell us how healthy things are because we and they are the same. That is what I believe in. Those who learn to listen to the world that sustains them can hear the message brought forth by the salmon.’’ 
to be told, and that is why I invite my colleagues today to join in cosponsorship of H.R. 2270. Join me and all the members of the Washington State House delegation, and Mr. COLE and 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , the cochairs of the Native American Caucus, in cosponsoring the Billy Frank, Jr., Tell Your Story Act. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the month of May is Asian Pacific American Heritage Month. I am proud to say that we have many visitors—in fact, hundreds of visitors—who are here at the Capitol, many celebrating this month with us. Among those who are visiting are some of my friends and some of my colleagues, and some persons who are from other places than my congressional district, but they are still friends of mine. 
worked in our congressional office for sometime, and she is a visitor here 
today. She is the mother of the Confucius resolution that I brought before Congress and passed. 
Another is the father of the International District in Houston, Texas, Mr. Wei Le. He is a dear friend, and I am honored that he is here today. 
Kang, Dionne Cuello, Vickie Silvano, Ray Huang, and Lily Lee, all friends and visiting today. 
say a few words about Asian Pacific American Heritage Month, because the truth is America the beautiful is a more beautiful America because of Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
Wong Kim Ark. Wong Kim Ark was born in the United States, and in 1894, he decided that he would travel to China. Upon returning from China in 1895, he was denied entrance into the United States. 
into the United States because of the Chinese Exclusion Act. This act was 
one that was passed to prevent Chinese Americans from having ingress and egress into this country if you were not a citizen, of course. 
The 14th Amendment to the Constitution became the subject of his reentry into the country because when they declared him ineligible to return to the country, it was because they were saying he was not a citizen, notwithstanding the fact that he was born in California. But if you read closely the 14th Amendment to the Constitution, you will find that it reads: ‘‘All persons born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof’’—that is some key language, ‘‘and subject to the jurisdiction thereof’’—‘‘are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside.’’ 
thought that the term ‘‘and subject to the jurisdiction thereof’’ meant that since their parents were the subjects of the Emperor of China, he could not be a citizen of the United States of America. This case went all the way to the Supreme Court of the United States of America, and it was all because of the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882. 
thing. They ruled in his favor that he was a citizen of the United States of America. While that might seem such a small thing today, it is really a significant piece of world history in terms of how persons born in this country become citizens, because had they ruled otherwise, there are a good many people who could be born in this country but not be citizens of the United States of America. He was the test case that went before the Supreme Court. 
the United States of America to accord them citizenship—and I concur with this, by the way—but I also would add this: while it was given birth to because of the freed slaves, it was given clarity because of Mr. Ark who was denied citizenship for a brief moment, but finally, the Supreme Court ruled that Wong Kim Ark was a citizen of the United States of America. 
would like to simply say there are many contributions that Asian American and Pacific Islanders have made to this great Nation to make America a more beautiful America. 
thoughts to things such as dance, which is wonderful; the great food, which is great; to the beautiful clothing, which is a great thing as well. I think we have to go beyond these things and remember the transcontinental railroad that was constructed by the labor of tens of thousands of persons of Chinese ancestry. 
country if we are going to take a global look at the great history. I think, Mr. Speaker, that America the beautiful is a more beautiful America because they are here. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, May 13, was a significant day for 15 million college students who are entering next year’s academic year because it is the day that the U.S. Department of Treasury, based on their auction of 10year notes, sets the interest rates for the Stafford student loan program for all those students who will be borrowing for next year. 
The good news is that, based on yesterday’s auction, where 10year notes sold for 2.29 percent, the interest rates for next year’s Stafford student loan program will be 4.29 percent, which is actually lower than last year’s Stafford student loan interest rates. It is a savings of about a third of a percent—not a huge amount, but certainly headed in the right direction. 
Bipartisan Student Loan Certainty Act which prevented a doubling of interest rates for the Stafford student loan program. It was slated to go to 6.8 percent and, tying it to the interest charged by the Department of Treasury, moderated those costs for, again, 15 million college students all across the country who used the Stafford student loan program. 
begs the larger question, which is: What about all those people who are carrying high interest rate student loans who have already graduated over the last 10 years or so? The Federal Reserve Board tells us 
that over $1 trillion of student loan debt overhangs the U.S. economy today, more than car loan debt and more than credit card loan debt. 
find themselves in is that they cannot refinance that debt because it is noncollateralized loans and that those who hold it in the public sector, in the Stafford student loan sector, again, cannot, by law, refinance down and take advantage of these low interest rates that the Federal Government is benefiting from because of monetary trends in markets that exist today. 
Well, the good news is that there is a 
measure before the Congress, the Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, H.R. 1434, which would allow people both with private student loan debt and public student loan debt to refinance those loans down to 3 percent, taking advantage, again, of the fact that we have a very beneficial environment right now in terms of government borrowing. 
Today, the Federal Government actually makes money off those graduates who are paying 8 percent, 9 percent, 10 percent interest on their loans, which is unconscionable given the fact that that debt is causing great damage to those individuals in terms of starting their lives. 
issued a report last year where it talked about the fact that 40 to 50 percent of people in their twenties and early thirties are delaying marriage, they are delaying starting a family, and they are basically denied the access to get a starter home or a real estate mortgage because their debt to income ratios are thrown completely off kilter due to the fact that they are carrying such high rates of student loan debt. 
us that H.R. 1434 would basically result in half of that trillion dollars of debt being written down, putting millions of dollars of money into people’s pockets that they can spend on things in terms of getting their lives started. 
not a giveaway by the government; these folks are paying back the loans that they were able to acquire from the Stafford student loan program, but it allows them to moderate their interest rate to comport with what is out there for a 30year loan for a house or for credit cards or for car loans which, again, are lower than what student loan debt is today. 
House. Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to take up this emergency loan refinancing act to provide critical help for individuals who are getting killed out there with monthly payments and, again, inhibiting them to start their lives and do the steps in life that people in their twenties and thirties have done in generations before. 
pass a couple weeks ago—the House Republican budget resolution—that not 
only failed to take advantage of the fact that the government is able to borrow at historic low rates, but, in fact, compounds the problem because it is going to allow the Federal Government to charge interest while students who are carrying Stafford student loans in school are going to have interest charged while they are in school. 
loan program has provided one good benefit, which is they don’t charge interest while a young person is in their freshman, sophomore, or junior year. The Republican budget actually changed that rule so that interest is going to accumulate while students are in college, adding to their debt burden at the time that they graduate. 
H.R. 1434. Let’s take advantage of these low interest rates. Let’s help millions of Americans get a better start on life. 
Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 6 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
You so that, with Your spirit and aware of Your presence among us, we may all face the tasks of this day. 
House. Help them to think clearly, speak confidently, and act courageously in the belief that all noble service is based upon patience, truth, and love. 
earlier this week, Americans are reminded of the needs of our domestic infrastructure. May all citizens feel empowered to encourage their Representatives to use their best judgment in considering how to address the many needs of our Nation. 
May all that is done this day be for 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
from New York (Mr. H IGGINS ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. HIGGINS led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
year, our economy loses $33 billion to air traffic delays, $121 billion to highway congestion, and $200 billion to freight bottlenecks. Unless we increase spending on waterways, America will lose $270 billion in exports over the next 5 years. According to the Chamber of Commerce, our declining infrastructure costs $1 trillion a year in lost economic growth. Ignoring these facts is economically irrational and governmentally negligent, but that is exactly what Congress has done. 
and bridges and transit, and only 8 percent, or $46 billion, in 2009 economic stimulus went to infrastructure; yet we spent over $150 billion rebuilding the infrastructure of Iraq and Afghanistan. 
The American Society of Civil Engineers has identified an enormous deficit between the projected spending and what is needed to bring our infrastructure to a state of good repair. 
Building Here at Home Act to close this gap. It is time for Congress to make the investments we need and reject the pathetically weak policies that we can no longer afford. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of National Police Week and to honor the memory of law enforcement officers who have lost their lives in the line of duty. All Americans are grateful for these brave men and women and the ultimate sacrifice they made. 
Indianapolis and U.S. attorney, I witnessed firsthand the burdens and challenges faced by our law enforcement officers and their amazing families. Even more importantly, I witnessed men and women in blue who have overcome these challenges while displaying so much compassion and commitment to duty. Our Nation must embrace them and be forever mindful of their integrity and service. 
Sadly, we have learned it is estimated that, every 3
country, we lose an officer in the line of duty. This week, we will remember 117 officers killed in 2014, including four officers from Indiana: Jeffrey Westerfield of Gary, Perry Renn of Indianapolis, Nickolaus Schultz of Merrillville, and Jacob Calvin of Tipton County. 
send our thoughts and prayers to their loved ones. Without hesitation, we renew our appreciation and steadfast commitment to our heroic women and men in blue. 
today to express my unqualified support for those struggling with mental health issues. 
Month and an opportune time to reach out to those battling with this issue, 
Many of our veterans endured trauma during their time of service and, as a result, are now forced to face the negative perceptions and stigma associated with mental health care. I want to lend my voice to a national program designed to reducing those negative views. 
is encouraging veterans, along with their families and friends, to visit the Web site maketheconnection.net. Make the Connection allows veterans to tell their personal stories of mental health treatment and recovery. 
their loved ones hear from hundreds of other veterans who may be experiencing similar challenges and learn 
strategies for support and recovery. This is truly an excellent source of strength for veterans in need of hope. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, the House of Representatives overwhelmingly passed the USA FREEDOM Act, a bipartisan bill to reform the controversial domestic surveillance programs. 
result of strong bipartisan negotiations to strike a balance in order to protect American citizens’ rights without dealing a blow to lawful and warranted surveillance efforts. 
for any law to authorize the indiscriminate collection of personal information from Americans. The USA FREEDOM Act will help end government overreach, while ensuring intelligence agencies have the tools at their disposal to lawfully pursue suspected terrorists in efforts to protect all Americans. 
As a member of the bipartisan Congressional Privacy Caucus, I applaud the Judiciary Committee and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence for working together to write a bill that strikes a balance to protect our constitutional rights without compromising our national security. 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, in just 5 legislative days, the highway trust fund authorization will expire. Transportation projects all across the country will come to a screeching halt. Thousands of workers will be unnecessarily laid off. 
roads are rated as less than good condition. Twentyfive percent are in poor condition. In Texas alone, we have over 300,000 miles of public roads, almost 10 percent of which are rated poorly. 
longterm plan that will provide certainty, increase transit revenues, and keep workers in our construction industries on the job, especially during this upcoming construction season. 
system decays, it is imperative that we do our jobs and be responsible legislators. I urge my colleagues to enact a longterm bill as soon as possible. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, Williams syndrome is a rare neurological disease. May is Williams Syndrome Awareness Month. 
Association, there are between 25,000 and 30,000 individuals living with this rare disease, at least one of whom is a constituent of mine. His name is Brian Weaver. I had the pleasure of meeting him. 
an incentive for companies to test their drugs on a rare disease population. Over 150 rare diseases organizations wrote to us saying the OPEN Act ‘‘promises to improve the quality of life for the nearly 30 million Americans suffering from rare diseases.’’ 
could lead to advances in treating Americans with high blood pressure, diabetes, autism, and anxiety disorders. We must continue to fight for millions of Americans who suffer from rare diseases like Williams syndrome. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I appear here today filled with a sense of great pride but also deeply troubled. 
women every day in America, women like my grandmother, who raised family, put food on the table, and ensured that their children received the education and care that they deserved. 
today, more than 50 years after President Kennedy signed the Equal Pay Act into law, as a country, we are still, as women, seeking pay equality. Women are only earning 78 cents to every dollar earned by a man. For women of color, that gap is even greater. 
retirement security for women, American women, and all older Americans. Today, I am alarmed at our failure to 
provide women who work hard with basic benefits like paid sick leave and paid family and medical leave. 
Congress, by these problems. I and my Democratic colleagues are energized and united to correct this page in American history because we know, when women succeed, America succeeds. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to applaud the passage of H.R. 36, the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act. This legislation, which I cosponsored and voted for yesterday, will help protect unborn children by limiting abortion after 5 months, the point at which they can experience pain. 
the majority of Americans support limiting abortion after 5 months. It is a fundamental issue of human rights and dignity. 
pass the House PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act and join us in protecting the right of life, without which all other rights are impossible. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to acknowledge the important hard work of Chairman THORNBERRY  
and Ranking Member S MITH of Washington and all of the members of the Armed Services Committee, as well as the committee staff, on the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. I am particularly proud of the work of the Emerging Threats and Capabilities Subcommittee, and I am particularly proud of working with Chairman JOE 
national security priorities such as things like cybersecurity, one of the chief threats facing our Nation today, and also the work we have done on R&D, special operations, and counterterrorism. I also applaud the bill’s investment in important undersea capabilities, such as the Virginia class submarines, the Virginia Payload Module, as well as the Ohio replacement program. 
the NDAA reflects a budget approach that locks in sequestration and severs that critical link between our national security and our economic security. It is unfortunate that a measure that has historically represented such strong bipartisanship and regular order has been taken hostage by a refusal to address 
need to avoid sequestration, properly fund our national defense, and I hope that these concerns will be addressed as we continue working to support the brave men and women who defend this great Nation every day. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Times, get out of the way. Chicago Tribune, San Francisco Chronicle, not good enough; keep trying harder. 
of the publishing of Nevada’s oldest daily newspaper, the Nevada Appeal, published in its capital city, Carson City. 
I am here to say happy sesquicentennial birthday to the Nevada Appeal, which, by the way, was one of the first newspapers in the land that was owned by a woman, from 1878 to 1880. 
The paper has been a mainstay of Nevada journalistic enterprise. Forget it, Las Vegas ReviewJournal, Las Vegas Sun, Reno Evening Gazette. These are the folks that have been there for 150 years. 
matter of fact, in my more productive years, at the age of about 9 and 10, I was a paperboy for the Nevada Appeal and have a picture to prove it, with the paper bag with ‘‘Nevada Appeal’’ blazoned across it on the front of my Columbia Stingray bicycle that I delivered the papers on. 
to the publisher, Mark Raymond, and the editor, Adam Trumble. Way to go. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the life a remarkable philanthropist, family man, businessman, and friend from southwest Washington who has made a lasting impact on our region. He passed away this week at the age of 94. 
community. Known by all as caring and humble, Mr. LYNCH was truly a 
representation of a servant leader. He was a neighbor and a friend. 
moved to Washington State to make Vancouver their home. After serving as president of Kiewit Pacific, Ed dedicated the remaining years of his life to making our region, the region that he loved, a better place. 
heart and soul into southwest Washington and taught us all that transforming one’s community starts with a 
and provided unmatched support for businesses, historic societies, civics projects, the Columbia Springs Foundation, the Fort Vancouver National Trust, and the PeaceHealth Southwest Medical Center up until his last days. 
one of the most beloved individuals of our entire region. Whether it was something as simple as remembering your name or giving you a book from his collection, he did more for our community than almost anyone, yet he was never more than just ‘‘one of us.’’ I honor his memory today. 
New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
York. Mr. Speaker, when it comes to the highway trust fund, this Congress has kicked the can down the road so many times that pretty soon we will not even have a road. 
In just 5 legislative days—in 5 legislative days—the fund will expire, and with it, 660,000 goodpaying jobs will be on the chopping block. 
America cannot lead the next century with broken roads and bridges collapsing. We are spending barely enough to repair the infrastructure of yesterday, as China and Europe build a transit system worthy of the 21st century. 
large infrastructure projects—the Second Avenue Subway and the East Side Access—and both of them depend, as do large infrastructure projects, on Federal funding. They create thousands of jobs, and they will cut commute times. They are investments in productivity and economic growth for our country. 
it is time for a longterm highway bill. Our future depends on it. Our economic growth depends on it. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to draw attention to the serious issue facing my home State of Arizona. 
For several years, I have been actively involved in a troubling offreservation gaming issue in my home State of Arizona involving the Tohono O’odham Nation. The tribe has been attempting to move from their ancestral lands in Tucson into another tribe’s former reservation in the Phoenix metropolitan area for the sole purpose of building a Las Vegasstyle casino. 
of a voterapproved compact and their dismissal of a promise to build no additional casinos in Phoenix is not something that Congress can ignore when the result will be so harmful to what has been a national model. Furthermore, Tohono has falsely 
been claiming a victory in court. This sentiment is factually wrong. The Tohono won nothing based on the merits. Rather, the case was dismissed on the draconian doctrine of sovereign immunity, which we, Congress, have jurisdiction and oversight of, rather than the courts. 
commonsense legislation that has passed this same body last Congress and has already passed committee by unanimous consent. 
again, we are seeing a dose of demagoguery from the Republican leadership, who continue to threaten the elimination of the ExportImport Bank. 
The ExIm Bank ensures that American companies of all sizes have access to financing for the export of American goods, from electronics, to medical equipment, to smartphones and cases of soap. These exports contribute to the strength of the economy and support millions of American jobs. In fact, since 2009, the bank has supported 1.3 million private sector jobs. 
bank are threats to American workers, manufacturers, and our economy. Last year, New Jersey exported $36.8 billion in merchandise. Failure to reauthorize the ExIm Bank would put billions of dollars in New Jersey exports at risk. 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
only 5 legislative days until the highway trust fund expires. Once again, this House is governing by crisis and needlessly endangering 660,000 good paying jobs. This needs to stop. 
The American Society of Civil Engineers gives America’s infrastructure an overall grade of Dminus. Mr. Speaker, 35 percent of my State of Connecticut’s bridges are structurally deficient, functionally obsolete, or both. 
We shouldn’t wait until the trains derail, the bridges collapse, or projects shut down before we fund our infrastructure in this Nation. A great nation does not respond to crisis with duct tape. A great nation leads by bold action. 
who are ready to work together to pass a longterm, sustainable, robust highway and infrastructure bill. The time is act is now. POSITIVE TRAIN CONTROL 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
are still shaken by this week’s Amtrak derailment that took the lives of seven people and left more than 200 injured. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families who have suffered a loss. 
could have been prevented if the corridor had been outfitted with positive train control technology, PTC. All of us in southern California have known the importance of PTC since the horrible train accident in Chatsworth in 2008 that killed 25 people. Congress mandated that year that PTC be installed on all our Nation’s rail lines. 
the process of installing this lifesaving technology, but many are behind schedule. There was no PTC in place where this recent crash occurred. 
Yesterday, former Republican Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said, ‘‘The idea that Amtrak doesn’t need more money to implement positive train control . . . is nonsense.’’ And yet yesterday, Republicans in the House Appropriations Committee voted to cut the Amtrak budget by $252 million. 
today to talk with my colleagues about passing a longterm reauthorization of the highway trust fund. If we don’t do it now, it is about kicking the can down the road once again. 
we have here in Congress that we can’t get something done. People talk to us day in and day out about how disgusted they are. We can’t do things. They are crying out for predictability. 
paychecks, would you be thinking about buying a house? Of course not. Industries that rely on our roads and bridges to move goods and services need that predictability, that funding, to make good business decisions. Otherwise, it would be foolish for them to do that. 
We all say we want to help our economy grow, and certainly I do. Let’s give the job creators a reason to create jobs. Let’s reauthorize the highway trust fund for the long term. 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
strong support of the ‘‘When Women Succeed, America Succeeds: An Economic Agenda for Women and Families.’’ 
dedication to our Democratic Women’s Working Group and for women and families all across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, this agenda is about improving the future of our families and the economic security of all women. It is about increasing access to child care, retirement security, and equal pay for equal work. It is simply unacceptable in 2015 that women are still being paid 78 cents for every dollar that a man makes. African American women and Latinas are being paid even less, at 64 cents and 56 cents respectively, despite doing the same work as men. This is wrong. It is an embarrassment. 
We must do more to advance the economic security of all women, like providing access to high quality and affordable child care. As a single mother who raised two amazing boys, I know what it is like to struggle to make ends meet. When I was a student at Mills College in Oakland, California, oftentimes I took my sons to class with me because I could not afford child care. Now, that was in the day. This is 2015, and women deserve better. So let’s support this agenda and lift women up. When women succeed, America succeeds. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
strong support of retirement security for women. We celebrate the month of May as Older Americans Month. This year also marks the 50th anniversary of Medicare and Medicaid and the 80th anniversary of Social Security. 
the profound impact that these important programs have had on our country. They are vital programs to all Americans. We also know that they are especially key for women. 
lower retirement savings, and spend more on health care. I am committed to protecting and expanding Medicare and Social Security for women and for all seniors. 
to support caregivers—women and men—who may leave the workforce to care for a child or a sick family member. Strong retirement security policies help women succeed and America succeed. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Rules Committee just rejected an amendment to the defense bill that I offered to protect our troops on the front line by shifting funds from the A– 10, an airplane the Air Force and the Department of Defense don’t want, to unfunded priorities for IED protection and other things our frontline infantry troops desperately need. 
and women have been killed by IEDs in the past decade. If the A–10 is so critical, why has neither the Army nor the Marine Corps, which many troops feel provides the best close air support in the world, asked for A–10s themselves? With a limitless budget we would all love to have the A–10 and other weapons. But our troops know that we live in a real world with real tradeoffs. And America expects us to make the politically difficult decisions to protect our shared national security and the lives of young Americans whom we ask to defend it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia) laid before the 
House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Natural Resources: 
privilege to represent the people of the First Congressional District of Alabama in the U.S. House of Representatives. 
to serve on the Natural Resources Committee. However, due to my appointment to the Committee on Rules, I hereby resign my seat on the Natural Resources Committee. 
constituents of Alabama’s First Congressional District on the Committee on Rules during the 114th Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. Con. Res. 10. Appointments: Board of Visitors of the U.S. Naval Academy. 
Board of Visitors of the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Iran Nuclear 
The Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 
et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 134 the following new section: 
AGREEMENTS WITHIRAN AND VERIFICATION ASSESSMENT WITH RESPECT TO SUCH AGREEMENTS .— 
than 5 calendar days after reaching an agreement with Iran relating to the nuclear program of Iran, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership— 
terms, conditions, and duration of the agreement’s requirements with respect to Iran’s nuclear activities and provisions describing any 
reduced by the United States, and any other nation or entity, including the United Nations; and 
meets United States nonproliferation objectives, does not jeopardize the common defense and security, provides an adequate framework to ensure that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be inimical to or constitute an unreasonable risk to the common defense and security, and ensures that Iran’s nuclear activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclearrelated military or nuclear explosive purpose, including for any research on or development of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclearrelated military purpose. 
able to verify that Iran is complying with its obligations and commitments under the agreement; 
control mechanisms and other assurances contained in the agreement with respect to Iran’s nuclear program to ensure Iran’s activities permitted thereunder will not be used to further any nuclearrelated military or nuclear explosive purpose, including for any research on or development of any nuclear explosive device or any other nuclearrelated military purpose; and 
‘‘(iii) the capacity and capability of the International Atomic Energy Agency to effectively implement the verification regime required by or related to the agreement, including whether the International Atomic Energy Agency will have sufficient access to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of covert nuclearrelated activities and whether it has the required funding, manpower, and authority to undertake the verification regime required by or related to the agreement. 
by the agreement to conceal activities that violate its obligations and commitments under the agreement; and 
in order to impede efforts to verify that Iran is complying with those obligations and commitments. 
date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015; and 
Congress is primarily responsible for bringing Iran to the table to negotiate on its nuclear program; 
subsection, the phrase ‘action involving any measure of statutory sanctions relief by the United States’ shall include waiver, suspension, reduction, or other effort to provide relief from, or otherwise limit the application of statutory sanctions with respect to, Iran under any provision of law or any other effort to refrain from applying any such sanctions. 
breached the agreement or is in noncompliance with the terms of the agreement. 
week in providing inspectors access to facilities, people, and documents in Iran as required by the agreement. 
violation of the agreement or which could otherwise significantly advance Iran’s ability to obtain a nuclear weapon. 
time of acquisition of a nuclear weapon by Iran, if deployed. 
by Iran, including any covert nuclear weapons related or covert fissile material activities or research and development. 
financial institutions are engaged in money laundering or terrorist finance activities, including names of specific financial institutions if applicable. 
supported acts of terrorism, including acts of terrorism against the United States or a United States person anywhere in the world; 
fora, being taken by the United States to stop, counter, and condemn acts by Iran to directly or indirectly carry out acts of terrorism against the United States and United States persons; 
the United States and the safety of United States citizens as a result of any Iranian actions reported under this paragraph; and 
Iran, pursuant to the agreement, and a description of the relationship between each sanction waived, suspended, or deferred and Iran’s nuclear weapon’s program. 
internationally recognized human rights in Iran have changed, increased, or decreased, as compared to the prior 180day period. 
keep the appropriate congressional committees and leadership fully and currently informed of any initiative or negotiations with Iran relating to Iran’s nuclear program, including any new or amended agreement. 
fully implementing the agreement, including all related technical or additional agreements; ‘‘(ii) Iran has not committed a material breach 
with respect to the agreement or, if Iran has committed a material breach, Iran has cured the material breach; 
‘‘(iii) Iran has not taken any action, including covert activities, that could significantly advance its nuclear weapons program; and 
the nuclear program of Iran, including fair and appropriate compensation for Americans who were terrorized and subjected to torture while held in captivity for 444 days after the seizure of the United States Embassy in Tehran, Iran, in 1979 and their families, the freedom of Americans held in Iran, the human rights abuses of the Government of Iran against its own people, and the continued support of terrorism worldwide by the Government of Iran, are matters critical to ensure justice and the national security of the United States, and should be expeditiously addressed; 
agreement in no way compromises the commitment of the United States to Israel’s security, nor its support for Israel’s right to exist; and 
longterm agreement reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran, it is critically important that Congress have the opportunity to review any agreement and, as necessary, take action to modify the statutory sanctions regime imposed by Congress. 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘qualifying legislation’ means only a bill of either House of Congress— 
which is: ‘Any statutory sanctions imposed with respect to Iran pursuant to llllll that 
or laws under which sanctions are to be reinstated. 
the majority leader’s designee) or the minority leader (or the minority leader’s designee). 
or a motion to recommit the qualifying legislation is not in order. 
shall occur immediately following the conclusion of the debate on the qualifying legislation and a single quorum call at the conclusion of the debate, if requested in accordance with the rules of the Senate. 
Appeals from the decisions of the Chair relating to the application of the rules of the Senate, as the case may be, to the procedure relating to qualifying legislation shall be decided without debate. 
HOUSE .—If, before the passage by one House of 
qualifying legislation of that House, that House receives qualifying legislation from the other House, then the following procedures shall apply: 
same as if no qualifying legislation had been received from the other House; but 
‘‘(II) the vote on passage shall be on the 
HOUSE .—If one House fails to introduce qualifying legislation under this section, the qualifying legislation of the other House shall be entitled to expedited floor procedures under this section. 
If, following passage of the qualifying legislation in the Senate, the Senate then receives a companion measure from the House of Representatives, the companion measure shall not be debatable. 
The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply in the House of Representatives to qualifying legislation which is a revenue measure. 
the Senate and the House of Representatives, respectively, and as such are deemed a part of the rules of each House, respectively, but applicable only with respect to the procedure to be followed in that House in the case of legislation described in those sections, and supersede other rules only to the extent that they are inconsistent with such rules; and 
right of either House to change the rules (so far as relating to the procedure of that House) at any time, in the same manner, and to the same extent as in the case of any other rule of that House. 
on, the President’s authority to negotiate, enter into, or implement appropriate executive agreements, other than the restrictions on implementation of the agreements specifically covered by this section; 
means an agreement related to the nuclear program of Iran that includes the United States, commits the United States to take action, or pursuant to which the United States commits or otherwise agrees to take action, regardless of the form it takes, whether a political commitment or otherwise, and regardless of whether it is legally binding or not, including any joint comprehensive plan of action entered into or made between Iran and any other parties, and any additional materials related thereto, including annexes, appendices, codicils, side agreements, implementing materials, documents, and guidance, technical or other understandings, and any related agreements, whether entered into or implemented prior to the agreement or to be entered into or implemented in the future. 
congressional committees and leadership’ means the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Majority and Minority Leaders of the Senate and the 
Committee on Ways and Means, the Committee on Financial Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Speaker, Majority Leader, and Minority Leader of the House of Representatives. 
Plan of Action’ means the Joint Plan of Action, signed at Geneva November 24, 2013, by Iran and by France, Germany, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and the United States, and all implementing materials and agreements related to the Joint Plan of Action, including the technical understandings reached on January 12, 2014, the extension thereto agreed to on July 18, 2014, the extension agreed to on November 24, 2014, and any materially identical extension that is agreed to on or after the date of the enactment of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act of 2015. 
‘EUIran Joint Statement’ means only the Joint Statement by EU High Representative Federica Mogherini and Iranian Foreign Minister Javad Zarif made on April 2, 2015, at Lausanne, Switzerland. 
1 COUNTRIES .—The term ‘P5+1 countries’ means the United States, France, the Russian Federation, the People’s Republic of China, the United Kingdom, and Germany. 
‘United States person’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of the Comprehensive Iran Sanctions, Accountability, and Divestment Act of 2010 (22 U.S.C. 8511).’’. 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘A bill to 
provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iran’s nuclear program, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the order of the House of May 13, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from 
New York (Mr. E NGEL ) each will control 30 minutes. 
claim the time in genuine opposition to H.R. 1191. 
gentleman from New York in favor of the motion? 
Mr. ENGEL. I am. The SPEAKER pro tempore. On that 
basis, pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota will control 30 minutes in opposition. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) and ask unanimous 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 10 
minutes of my time to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ), my ranking member, and ask unanimous consent that he be allowed to control that time. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members of this body have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous materials on this measure. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. 
of this legislation to ensure that Congress is positioned to effectively and decisively judge and to constrain President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran should a bad deal be struck. I commend Chairman CORKER and Ranking Member C ARDIN for bringing this measure 
before their body. This bill received near unanimous support in the other body. I appreciate, as always, Ranking Member ENGEL ’s cooperation in bringing this to the floor. 
will go to the President for his signature. The Foreign Affairs Committee 
has held a series of hearings on the administration’s nuclear negotiations with Iran, a radical state sponsor of terrorism, which is creating turmoil in a strategically vital region. It is fair to say that there are deep, bipartisan concerns about where these negotiations are heading. I fear that the agreement that is coming will be too short, sanctions relief will be too rapid, inspectors will be too restricted, and Iran’s missile program will be plain ignored. 
march toward a nuclear weapon can be diplomatically stopped. This legislation should strengthen the administration’s hand at the negotiating table. But Secretary Kerry must put its added leverage to use immediately so that the U.S. can gain muchneeded ground in the negotiations over the next 2 months. 
that brought the Islamic Republic of Iran to the negotiating table was put in place by Congress over the objections of the White House and over the objections of both Republican and Democratic Presidents, and this is unfortunate. We would have had more pressure on Iran today if the Obama administration hadn’t pressured the Senate to sit on the RoyceEngel sanctions bill that the Foreign Affairs Committee produced and that this House passed by a margin of 400–20. 
has come around to support the legislation we are debating here today, but not with any enthusiasm. Having followed these negotiations since they began in November of 2013, I can tell you that the President would like nothing more than to have no such bill, to have Congress sit on the sideline and watch him negotiate an agreement, whether good or bad, and I fear bad. 
place, what is Congress’ position if the President reaches a deal with Iran? Currently, there is no limitation on the President’s use of waivers to suspend the sanctions Congress put in place, no requirement that Congress receive full details of any agreement with Iran, no review period for Congress to examine and weigh in on the agreement, no requirement that the President certify that Iran is complying, and no way for Congress to rapidly reimpose sanctions should Iran cheat. 
deal, and we, the United States Congress, are left to read about it in the paper. But with the passage of this bill, all that changes. Sanctions relief is frozen until Congress receives the agreement and then holds a referendum on its merits. Again, I believe that this gives the administration a better chance to get to a lasting and meaningful agreement. 
issue of verification. The ink wasn’t even dry on the framework announcement and the chants of ‘‘death to America’’ led by the Supreme Leader were still fresh when the leader asserted—when the Ayatollah asserted— 
that Iran wouldn’t allow international inspectors access to its military facilities. The deputy head of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps seconded that. He said: ‘‘They will not even be permitted to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.’’ 
When it comes to negotiating this inspections regime over the next 2 months, U.S. negotiators must know that these critical issues will determine Congress’ assessment of any final deal. 
Secretary Kerry sits across from the Iranians, he will now have on his mind: I have got to take this to Congress. 
improve these negotiations. I just hope it is not too late and that we aren’t too deep into a bad deal. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this legislation. Our negotiators continue to hammer 
out the details of an agreement with Iran that will hopefully foreclose all pathways to a nuclear weapon. As I have said again and again, if a deal is struck, Congress must have a proper role in assessing that deal. That is what we are doing now. That is the purpose of this legislation before us today. This legislation passed the other body by a vote of 98–1. 
things I will be looking for? First, what will sanctions really look like? Will it be a stepbystep process, so that Iran is forced to comply with the agreement? How will we ensure that this financial windfall for Iran won’t just be used to fund terrorism around the world? 
verification and inspection regime that will allow for snap inspections of nuclear sites? Snap inspections mean that the inspectors can go all over Iran. They don’t need special permission. We have not been hearing such positive things from the Iranian leadership who say that they will never allow inspectors on their military grounds. 
We need time to take a hard look at any deal and make sure there are no loopholes that Iran’s leaders might be able to exploit. The bill we are debating today will give us that time. 
My frustrations with these negotiations have stemmed from the fact that Iran was not required to cease its uranium enrichment while negotiating. When we sat down with Iran at the very beginning, more than a year ago, to negotiate with them, we should have said, While we are talking, you stop enriching. We didn’t say that. I think that was a mistake. 
continues its nefarious behavior around the world—in Syria, in Yemen, 
against Israel, support for terrorism. There is no sign that this agreement will lead to Iran stopping its support for terrorism or human rights violations; yet massive sanctions relief is on the table. 
The fact of the matter is it is very 
frustrating that we are talking with Iran only about their nuclear weapons; we are not talking about the fact that they are a leading sponsor of terrorism or they are making trouble in Syria, where so many hundreds of thousands of innocents have died, or making trouble in Yemen or supporting Hezbollah, supporting Hamas. 
talking about one aspect—their nuclear program—and meanwhile, they are free, apparently, to do whatever else they want. This really should not stand. 
is whether Iran’s leaders will ultimately be able to make the tough choices necessary to show the world that they are serious about living up to their commitments. This is a high bar to clear, and Iran’s leaders, unfortunately, have given us no reason to trust them. 
I remain concerned that the messages we are hearing from Iran directly contradict what the administration has told us. Iran’s leaders have said that sanctions will be lifted immediately upon the signing of an agreement and that Iran will never accept inspections of their military sites. 
This begs the question: Is Iran serious about these negotiations? We are told that any kind of sanctions relief will be incremental as Iran complies. The Iranian leaders are telling their public differently. We obviously have to settle this glaring discrepancy. 
provisions in case Iran reneges on its commitments. If Iran cheats, it would trigger immediate consideration of legislation that puts sanctions back in place, but let’s hope it doesn’t come to that. 
the Middle East is a negotiated solution to the Iranian nuclear crisis. I wish our negotiators success. I hope this legislation sends a clear message that Congress is taking its role seriously, that we aren’t playing politics with this issue and that we want these negotiations to result in a strong, verifiable deal that keeps a nuclear bomb out of Iran’s hands. 
says that no deal is better than a bad deal. The question is we want to make sure a bad deal isn’t sold as a good deal. That is why it is important for Congress to be engaged. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), chairman of the 
Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. Mr. 
Speaker, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member E NGEL and Senators 
doing their level best in the face of an administration which, throughout this process, has ignored and sought to exclude the legislature from its constitutional role in ratifying what is, in essence, a treaty—it is called an executive agreement, but it is a treaty—with the vicious, rightsabusing regime in Tehran, to salvage what we all can from an egregiously flawed framework and process. 
It is clear, from the trajectory of negotiations to date, that the administration has squandered the leverage gained through sanctions, and there has been slippage—or, rather, retreat— from the strong position staked out in a number of U.N. Security Council resolutions, including resolution 1929 agreed to in 2010. Resolution 1929 demanded that Iran: one, suspend all uranium enrichment; two, cooperate fully with the IAEA ensuring unfettered on site inspection; and, three, refrain from any activity related to ballistic missiles. 
to nuclear weapons and to the missiles to carry them to targets, including cities in the United States, while being relieved of sanctions. 
From what we know now of the proposed framework, over 5,000 centrifuges will be allowed. Furthermore, it is Iran’s understanding that military sites will be off limits—what?—off limits to inspection and that ballistic missiles, the delivery systems for nuclear bombs, are not part of the framework. 
with the regime in Tehran, I and others have argued that the administration should have insisted that all Americans held or missing in Iran, including Christian pastor Saeed Abedini be released. 
agreement under these terms—terms which, underscore that, we have backtracked in these negotiations—will give new meaning to the phrase ‘‘Pyrrhic victory.’’ 
my colleagues that we are here to talk about the best way to make sure that Iran does not acquire a nuclear weapon. I am convinced that what we do here today is not the best way to do that. I am convinced that the best way to 
make sure that Iran does not have a nuclear weapon is to allow the Commander in Chief, Chief Executive of this country, to negotiate a deal, and then Congress will be asked to relieve any sanctions, if that is warranted, and we will be able to weigh in at that time, which is the proper time. We will be able to have oversight hearings without regard to this legislation or any other, at any time we choose. 
improperly, in an unhelpful manner, restrains the President by tying his hands, significantly delaying the implementation of a peace agreement, weakens our negotiating position by strengthening Iranian hardliners—who will argue that the U.S. will not repeal sanctions even if Iran complies with the final deal—and sends a signal to the international community that the U.S. Congress is setting the stage to vote down a final agreement, compromising our relationships with NATO allies and international partners that have implemented the sanctions regime and that brought about Iran to the negotiating table. 
It is very important that we acknowledge it was not the U.S. sanctions alone that has brought Iran to the negotiating table. It has been the international community and the cooperation we have enjoyed with the international community that has brought them to the negotiating table. 
going to change the deal, we signal to our partners that we are operating in less than good faith, which could collapse the whole sanctions regime internationally. This is not U.S.Iran negotiating; this is the P5+1, and we must keep that in due regard. 
play in this agreement with Iran repealing statutory sanctions. The deal cannot be implemented without congressional action. There is no reason for us to act right now. The only thing that acting now will achieve is to undermine the chance of an agreement. 
oversight, but I don’t believe we should make this deal stillborn in the crib before it is even allowed to emerge. We don’t want to abort the deal before it is born. 
forward and the President should be allowed to make peace with a hostile nation before we start talking about what is wrong with it. We are anticipating what is wrong with it, and I don’t think that is a helpful thing. 
We are certainly not under any illusions about human rights, about exporting conflict from Iran. We know these things are the case. 
What do you do when you want to deescalate the prospect of war? You negotiate. That is what the President is doing. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I continue 
to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, it is now 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
my friend who is, I think, one of our very responsible and able leaders in this Congress, Mr. ELLISON . I appreciate his comments. 
floor, whatever their perspective is, thinks that the objective that the United States seeks and the objective that our P5 partners seek and the objective that the United Nations seeks— and that is a nonnucleararmed Iran— is best achieved through agreement. 
I think all of us would agree on that. 
The question is, however, for us to make it very clear the objective of that agreement and how it is achieved and how we are assured that that objective is, in fact, achieved. 
ranking member of the Foreign Relations Committee, for his hard work to reach this compromise with Chairman CORKER . I want to congratulate Mr. 
ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL for bringing it to 
to look carefully at the final agreement. For something of such consequence, that is essential. Not only is it desirable, it is essential that we do so. It will help ensure that our common goal is achieved, a nonnucleararmed Iran. 
I will say to my friend from Minnesota, my presumption is the Iranians want to get to this. They say they are not looking for nuclear arms; they want to have relief of the sanctions. It seems to me this is in their best interest, so they ought to be trying to accommodate this. I think, in fact, this can help, not hurt, our negotiating position. 
I believe this bill reflects the consensus among Members of both the House and Senate that Congress, which authored the sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table—I would say, again, to my friend from Minnesota, the reason the sanctions were effective in bringing the Iranians to the table is because our European allies joined in them. I think he is absolutely right. 
that because we don’t do that much business with Iran; the Europeans do. He is absolutely right that it was in partnership that we brought the Iranians to the table. 
our negotiating team for their tireless efforts to reach a framework agreement. 
didn’t sign the letter, but I absolutely agreed with the substance of the letter, which said the best way to get there is through agreement, and we ought to support our negotiators who are pursuing that end. 
As I have said before, any final agreement must prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon and include the most intrusive inspections and access regime we have ever seen in order to verify Iran’s compliance. There is no reason for us to trust Iran. 
Mr. HOYER. It must address potentially military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program and bring about Iran’s full cooperation with the U.N. Security Council resolutions. 
Iran to develop a nuclear weapon, and we will continue to stand shoulder to shoulder with Israel in defense of its security, which is very tied to our own security. That means ensuring Israel maintains its Qualitative Military Edge, including through robust support for antimissile systems and antitunneling defense programs. It also means supporting our gulf partners from Iran’s destabilizing activities. 
Preventing Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon is directly in America’s national security interest. A nuclear armed Iran is a threat to us all. This bill will ensure that Congress can review any final nuclear agreement with Iran to make certain that it meets the goals we and the President share and which he has articulated emphatically and repeatedly. I encourage my colleagues to support this bipartisan legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ). 
probably no more critical issue on our national agenda today than this matter with Iran. 151 Members of the House have joined together to encourage the President to ‘‘exhaust every avenue toward a verifiable, enforceable, diplomatic solution in order to prevent a nucleararmed Iran.’’ 
Iran’s nuclear program continue, we urge you to stay on course, building on the recently announced political framework and continuing to work toward a strong and verifiable agreement between the P5+1 countries and Iran that will prevent Iran from having a nuclear weapon. We commend you and your negotiating team, as well as our coalition partners, for the significant progress made thus far. 
too great, and the alternatives are too dire. We must exhaust every avenue toward a verifiable, enforceable, diplomatic solution in order to prevent a nucleararmed Iran. If the United States were to abandon negotiations or cause their collapse, not only would we fail to peacefully prevent a nuclear 
armed Iran, we would make that outcome more likely. The multilateral sanctions regime that brought Iran to the table would likely collapse, and the Iranian regime would likely decide to accelerate its nuclear program, unrestricted and unmonitored. Such developments could lead us to war. 
War itself will not make us safe. A U.S. or 
Israeli military strike may set back Iranian nuclear development by two or three years at best—a significantly shorter timespan than that covered by a P5+1 negotiated agreement. We must pursue diplomatic means to their fullest and allow the negotiations to run their course—especially now that the parties have announced a strong framework—and continue working to craft a robust and verifiable Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action by June 30. 
space and time necessary to build on the progress made in the political framework and turn it into a longterm, verifiable agreement. If we do not succeed, Congress will remain attheready to act and present you with additional options to ensure that Iran is prevented from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
nucleararmed Iran. We look forward to continuing our shared work on this important matter. 
Ashford, Karen Bass, Joyce Beatty, Xavier Becerra, Ami Bera, Donald S. Beyer, Jr., Sanford D. Bishop, Earl Blumenauer, Suzanne Bonamici, Madeleine Z. Bordallo, Robert A. Brady, Corrine Brown, Julia Brownley, Cheri Bustos, G. K. Butterfield, Lois Capps, Michael E. Capuano, Tony Ca ´rdenas. 
Cartwright, Kathy Castor, Joaquin Castro, Judy Chu, David N. Cicilline, Katherine M. Clark, Yvette D. Clarke, Wm. Lacy Clay, Emanuel Cleaver, James E. Clyburn, Steve Cohen, Gerald E. Connolly, John Conyers, Jr., Joe Courtney, Elijah E. Cummings, Danny K. Davis, Susan A. Davis, Peter A. DeFazio. 
DelBene, Mark DeSaulnier, Debbie Dingell, Lloyd Doggett, Michael F. Doyle, Tammy Duckworth, Donna F. Edwards, Keith Ellison, Anna G. Eshoo, Elizabeth H. Esty, Sam Farr, Chaka Fattah, Bill Foster, Marcia L. Fudge, Ruben Gallego, John Garamendi, Al Green, Rau ´l M. Grijalva. 
Heck, Brian Higgins, Rube ´n Hinojosa, Michael M. Honda, Jared Huffman, Sheila Jackson Lee, Hakeem S. Jeffries, Eddie Bernice Johnson, Henry C. ‘‘Hank’’ Johnson, Jr., Marcy Kaptur, William R. Keating, Robin L. Kelly, Daniel T. Kildee, Ron Kind, Joseph P. Kennedy, III, Ann M. Kuster, James R. Langevin, Rick Larsen. 
John B. Larson, Brenda L. Lawrence, Barbara Lee, John Lewis, Ted Lieu, David Loebsack, Zoe Lofgren, Alan S. Lowenthal, Ben Ray Luja ´n, Michelle Lujan Grisham, 
Stephen F. Lynch, Sean Patrick Maloney, Doris O. Matsui, Betty McCollum, Jim McDermott, James P. McGovern, Jerry McNerney, Gregory W. Meeks, Gwen Moore, Seth Moulton. 
Richard M. Nolan, Eleanor Holmes Norton, Beto O’Rourke, Donald M. Payne, Jr., Nancy Pelosi, Ed Perlmutter, Pedro R. Pierluisi, Chellie Pingree, Stacey E. Plaskett, Mark Pocan, Jared Polis, David E. Price, Charles 
B. Rangel, Cedric L. Richmond, Lucille RoybalAllard, Raul Ruiz, C. A. Dutch Ruppersberger, Bobby L. Rush. 
Janice D. Schakowsky, Robert C. ‘‘Bobby’’ Scott, David Scott, Jose ´E. Serrano, Terri A. 
Sewell, Louise McIntosh Slaughter, Adam Smith, Jackie Speier, Eric Swalwell, Mark Takai, Mark Takano, Bennie G. Thompson, Mike Thompson, Paul Tonko, Norma J. Torres, Niki Tsongas. 
Walz, Maxine Waters, Bonnie Watson Coleman, Peter Welch, Frederica S. Wilson, John A. Yarmuth. 
this particular call for diplomacy, additional colleagues have made clear that they intend to prevent any attempted congressional veto of a strong, verifiable agreement. An agreement not based on trust, not based on liking Iran, but an agreement based on strong verification and intrusive verification. 
body who have embraced the wrongheaded advice of former President Bush’s U.N. Ambassador John Bolton, who said that, ‘‘To stop Iran’s bomb, bomb Iran.’’ These are some of the same Members who rejected the interim nuclear Joint Plan of Action before they had even read it. They are some of the same Members who were so eager to launch an unnecessary war in Iraq that only strengthened Iran and who seem to have learned very little from their previous failure, and they forget that Iran is bigger than Afghanistan and Iraq put together. 
Bombing may set back Iranian nuclear development by two or three years at best—a significantly shorter time than that covered by a P5+1 negotiated agreement—but it will make an Iranian nuclear weapon more likely. Bombing will enflame sectarian and regional tensions. It will threaten the security of Israel and of our other allies and ultimately, it will jeopardize the safety of every American family. 
That does not mean that any agreement with Iran is an acceptable agreement. Iranian hardliners, like hard liners elsewhere, may, ultimately, prevent an adequate verification in this agreement, but we must use every diplomatic means available, especially now with the announcement of this strong framework, and continue to work and craft a robust Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. To do otherwise—to withdraw, to fail to support such an agreement—would likely collapse the multilateral sanctions among our allies and some that are not our allies but have joined with us in this regime that brought Iran to the table in the first place and would only accelerate an Iranian nuclear program that would then be unrestricted and unmonitored. Final sanctions—certainly sanctions which I have personally voted on a number of occasions in favor of—cannot be lifted without a vote of Congress, but that would not 
occur until we have conclusive evidence of Iranian compliance. 
trust war as the answer must continue working together to support a peaceful resolution and overcome the bellicose voices whose only alternative is the perilous course of war. We want a strong, verifiable arms accord. I favor and will vote for oversight and review today, but President Obama should know that he has the support in this House to fulfill our obligations under a verifiable agreement for a safer world and to avoid war. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the 
Committee on Homeland Security and a member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
this bill will ensure that Congress has a final say on the Obama administration’s naive negotiations with Iran over its nuclear program. 
Israeli Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu, where I heard, once again, from our top ally in the region about the deep concern his country has over the dangerous agreement currently being hammered out by President Obama and the Ayatollah. 
For years, my colleagues on the Foreign Affairs Committee have worked to ratchet up the pressure on Tehran through the toughest and most comprehensive sanctions ever devised. The sanctions passed in Congress brought Iran to the negotiating table. Last Congress, our committee, once again, passed another robust sanctions bill to give President Obama even more leverage over Tehran; but rather than accept our help, the President and his allies in the Senate opted, instead, to relieve Iran of the sanctions we had worked so hard to build. 
agreement that allows the world’s leading state sponsor of terror to maintain a vast nuclear infrastructure whose centrifuges will never stop spinning and, according to President Rouhani, for an agreement that does nothing to address the military dimensions of Iran’s nuclear program, such as the development of intercontinental ballistic missiles, which the Ayatollah says it should mass produce, or for an agreement that frees up billions of dollars that Iran can use to fund terror around the world. 
say in any final agreement with Iran, and this bill will do just that. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member on the 
strong support of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, which will ensure Congress a role in evaluating any final deal reached between the P5+1 countries and Iran. 
As the author of the crippling sanctions that brought Iran to the negotiating table, Congress’ continued oversight role is critical. Serious concerns remain about the proposed framework, particularly of the enforcement and verifiability of any deal, and whether it will, indeed, close all possible pathways to a bomb. 
Any deal must include full and unfettered inspections by the International Atomic Energy Agency of any facility, military or otherwise—including Parchin, Fordow, Natanz—and Iran must account for the possible military dimensions of its past activities. Given Iran’s history of deception, sanctions should remain in place until Iran has taken major nuclearrelated steps that demonstrate their sincerity. 
but as long as Iran’s leaders continue to refer to Israel as the ‘‘barbaric’’ Jewish state that ‘‘has no cure but to be annihilated,’’ we must approach any deal with the utmost scrutiny. That is why I urge the immediate passage of this important legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington State (Mr. MCDERMOTT ). 
of us want nuclear weapons in Iran; and while the White House may regard this bill as the least harmful option offered by a persistently intractable Congress—a Congress that has sought to derail all of his efforts in the past—I cannot and will not support this particular piece of legislation. 
policy objectives, this is the boldest and the one that could have a meaningful impact on regional and global stability. The option of war or of increasing the sanctions simply has run its course. The time has come for diplomacy. The framework that the administration has presented to us is fair and smart. It is a good deal, one that guarantees a world safe from the threat of Iranian nuclear weapons. 
argument out here is about people who are sure of what the details are going to be. That is why this is not the time to be passing this legislation. President Obama, Secretary Kerry, and our partners—and don’t forget that this is an historic thing in that we have partners of the P5+1. They deserve immense credit in their determination and commitment to a diplomatic solution to, arguably, the most dangerous and complex foreign policy challenge of our time. 
the negotiators the time they need. The time for us to make decisions 
about what happens about the sanctions will come to this floor. There is no question about it. We don’t need to pass a bill saying we don’t like what the President is doing. We ought to be grateful for the tenacity with which he has persisted in this diplomatic effort. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
thank the chairman for his leadership on our committee. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill serves as a reminder of the unanswered questions surrounding the nuclear negotiations with Iran. 
We know Iran can’t be trusted. Everything we have seen from Iran since 1979 shows that the regime is willing to lie, to cheat, to obfuscate to achieve its agenda, and part of that agenda is to attack and to undermine the United States and our regional interests. 
Can we verify Iran’s compliance? No, because Iran controls the access 
of the IAEA to its sites. Iran hasn’t even come clean on its possible military dimension of its nuclear program yet. The regime is also likely to get a $50 billion signing bonus, when a deal is signed, in exchange for nothing. 
around the globe, stoke sectarian violence as we have seen all over the Middle East, repress its own citizens, and, just today, five Iranian boats fired shots across the bow of a Singapore flagged cargo vessel in the gulf. 
According to reports, China and Russia have stated that there will not be any automatic snapback sanctions whatsoever to reimpose on Iran even if the regime is caught in violation. 
Once again, the Obama administration is playing a game of smoke and mirrors to get this deal finalized and to cement a legacy that the President has been seeking since he entered office. The deal is dangerous and will only jeopardize our national security. 
my pleasure to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), 
the ranking member on the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee and a very valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee. 
of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act. When it comes to the security of our Nation and our partners around the world, the American people deserve a voice, but when Congress is unable to review or respond to policies of great consequence, like a potential nuclear 
In recent days, we have heard another debate about another major international agreement also negotiated in secret, the TransPacific Partnership. Why do I bring that up in this context? Well, some of my colleagues who oppose this critical legislation have serious concerns about TPA and TPP. I share those concerns. I oppose fasttracking TPP without the details on protecting jobs and workers and the environment and consumers and without any chance at making changes. 
to acknowledge and respect my concerns about approving a deal today with Iran when too many questions remain unanswered. On matters of national and international security, bullet points in a framework just won’t do. Before Iran gains access to billions of dollars in frozen assets, I want the details. I want details on conditions for sanctions relief and access to military sites and unannounced inspections, and you should, too. No one here knows what a final deal would look like or even if we will get one, but I know you agree that, if we do, Congress should get to review the terms. 
On behalf of our constituents, Congress must have a say. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. 
yielding and also for his tremendous leadership on this very important issue. Also, I want to thank our ranking member, Mr. ENGEL , and Chairman 
ROYCE for their leadership on the Committee on Foreign Affairs and for all of the bipartisan work that you have done over the years together. 
of this bill by the other body, and I still have concerns about the timing and effect of considering this legislation, but the President believes that this legislation, as written, will not undermine the administration’s efforts. All of us have the same goal, and that is to prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. 
program enter a critical phase, Congress must give the President and our negotiators the space they need to succeed, and with the announcement of a framework agreement last month, we are closer to a strong and verifiable agreement between the P5+1 countries and Iran. 
be given an opportunity to review any final agreement on Iran’s nuclear program before the President can waive or suspend any sanctions. Supporters of this bill argue that they simply want to ensure congressional oversight of any final international agreement, and of course we all believe that there is a role for that, but we know that since negotiations began, there have been 
countless initiatives by Congress to purposely and deliberately thwart the success of a final deal. 
Any efforts to undermine the negotiations or a final deal with Iran over its nuclear program will not make us safer, and it will not stop Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. In fact, it will do just the opposite. 
led to a firststep agreement that has significantly reduced Iran’s nuclear stockpile and their ability to create a nuclear weapon. Without these negotiations and the current framework agreement, Iran’s nuclear program would be unmonitored and unrestrained. Continued negotiations remain the best route to ensuring national and regional security while preventing us from going back on the path to a confrontation with Iran. 
the majority of the American people. An April ABCWashington Post poll found that Americans by a nearly 2–1 margin support striking a deal with Iran that restricts the nation’s nuclear program in exchange for loosening sanctions. We simply cannot afford the alternative to the negotiations, and the alternative to the negotiations, I believe, is war with Iran. 
Instead of taking actions to undermine our President and international negotiators as they work to secure a final deal, Congress should be working to ensure their success. Now, let’s hope that this bill does that. I hope that this Congress does not use passage of this bill as a cynical ploy to set up a vote against any final deal should there be a deal, one that prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. Simply put, diplomacy is the best way to cut off any potential pathway to an Iranian nuclear weapon. 
HOLDING ). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Minnesota has 8 minutes remaining. 
Ms. LEE. I will conclude by just saying in 2013 I introduced legislation calling for an end to the no contact policy with Iran and calling for a diplomatic initiative. I am convinced that that is the only way to ensure regional stability. Let’s hope that the President’s legacy does include preventing a war with Iran. What a great legacy to leave for the world. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a member of the 
support of this legislation. I want to thank Mr. ROYCE from California for 
his leadership on this issue as chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, as well as Mr. ENGEL from New 
an Iran nuclear deal. They want their Representatives in Congress to debate it. If facts come out that it turns out that this is a bad deal, which many are concerned we are on that pace for, they want Congress to reject it. I have had colleagues just now listening to those speaking in opposition talking about a nuclear framework agreement that was announced last month, people saying it is a good deal. There is no framework agreement. 
and within 24 hours the Iranian Foreign Minister went on his Twitter feed saying it was just spin, the Ayatollah chanting ‘‘death to America’’ on the streets of Iran, saying that that fact sheet was just spin. 
In order to have a deal to reach an 
agreement, both sides need to agree. The message to the colleagues today, I mean, this vote matters, but the work is not over. The tough work, the tough votes are still ahead. 
part of the negotiations: Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism, work to overthrow foreign governments, development of ICBMs, pledging to wipe Israel off the map, chanting ‘‘death to America’’ on the streets, unjustly imprisoning United States citizens. That is not even part of the deal. That is not even part of the negotiations. 
want to read a deal in English. They want to know that it is accurately translated, and the Iranians are reading their deal the same way that we are. If there is no agreement on specific terms, is there broad, vague language being used so that both sides can spin whatever they want to interpret this deal is for whatever best serves their own domestic politics? 
We are elected to represent our constituents, and they are concerned about the direction of this deal. I have grave concerns. I feel like it is on pace to trigger a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I thank the chairman, again, for his effort on this. 
gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ), a very respected member of 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the bipartisan Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and I want to remind everyone why it is so important that we prevent Iran from becoming a nuclear state. Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism supporting Hamas, Hezbollah, and the brutal crackdown in Syria. Iran’s efforts to expand its influence is destabilizing Iraq, Lebanon, and now Yemen. 
The Iran regime systematically violates its own citizens’ basic rights and, as terrifying, has the potential for nuclear proliferation. If Iran becomes a 
race for the bomb spreading the world’s most dangerous weapons through the world’s most unstable region. 
Mr. Speaker, Congress played a critical role in bringing Iran to the negotiating table. Iran cannot be trusted, and Congress must continue to be vigilant. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE). 
thank my colleague from Minnesota and rise today in cautious support of this legislation. 
Our nuclear negotiators, with the cooperation of a fragile coalition of longstanding allies and new partners, have made historic progress toward preventing Iran from developing a nuclear weapon, a critical foreign policy imperative for our country. 
a chance and allow our negotiators to build on the framework agreement they negotiated earlier this spring. 
of Representatives agree, Mr. Speaker. Just last week, Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY , Congressman D OGGETT , and I 
sent a letter to the President urging persistence in negotiations, a letter that was signed by 148 of our colleagues. 
preventing a nucleararmed Iran; it is the only way. Opponents of the President’s efforts have yet to provide a single viable alternative to diplomacy short of military action, and military action, defense experts tell us, would only delay nuclear development for a few years. 
Members of the House and Senate insisted upon congressional review of a final deal with such historic implications, I have strongly refused to support legislation or other congressional 
intervention that was likely to drive Iran from the negotiating table or to alienate our international partners. We must not set impossible goals for these negotiations or insist that every outstanding issue our country has with Iran be resolved before the core nuclear issue can be addressed. 
of a thoughtful compromise between Senator CORKER and Senator C ARDIN , 
Republicans and Democrats, does none of these harmful things. It is free of riders designed to undermine the negotiations, and it provides a reasonable path forward that allows for Congress to weigh in on a final deal without setting it up for failure. 
bill because I believe it clears the way for the President’s negotiators to do their job, to work with our international partners to secure a comprehensive, verifiable nuclear agreement that will prevent Iran from developing a nuclear weapon and thereby will make the world a safer place. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
thank Chairman R OYCE for his leadership and Ranking Member E NGEL for 
believe the greatest threat we have to our own national security here is a nucleararmed Iran, an entity that has said time and again that they want to wipe Israel off the face of the map, that they want to drive them into the sea, that they are the Little Satan, which naturally begs the question, Mr. Speaker, as to who is the Big Satan, and it is the United States of America. 
that has been announced, the one that Iran basically said, We didn’t think that was the framework. The chants of ‘‘death to America.’’ What they said is that they have to take all the sanctions off immediately upon the signature of a deal and that the IAEA will not be granted access to inspect facilities that are military facilities. Well, frankly, that is not a deal. I recognize that is a framework. 
talking about Congress having the ability to say: Is this a deal that we can live with or is it not? Because, frankly, leaving Iran as a nuclear threshold state is not going to be a deal. What we 
are going to be debating today is, in essence, just allowing us to be able to take the next vote. That is the important one. 
versus right. This isn’t about Republicans and Democrats. This is about right versus wrong. This is about making sure that we do this right. If we don’t do this right, if Iran is set for a path to a nuclear weapon, it is going to set an arms race in a dangerous neighborhood that will be devastating for peace and security around the globe. This is one where we are going to join hands together as a nation to make sure that the safety and security of the world is what we are going to put first and foremost. 
Israel. I had the opportunity to speak with people on multiple sides. To the person, they are all united behind the idea that a nucleararmed Iran is unacceptable and that this will be a bad deal. 
‘‘yes’’ on this piece of legislation to allow us to have the opportunity to take a look at this deal to move forward. With that, I sincerely hope that this is a bipartisan effort. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific of the Foreign Affairs Committee. 
will yield to Chairman ROYCE for a colloquy, and I will ask him the following 
not enact a Joint Resolution of Disapproval, that failure to enact a Resolution of Disapproval cannot be read as Congress approving an agreement. 
not enact a Resolution of Disapproval, the sole effect of that is to continue current statutes so that the President would retain his authority to provide sanctions relief. 
Do you agree? Mr. ROYCE. That is correct, Mr. 
SHERMAN . I see no way that a failure to 
override a Presidential veto or otherwise enact a joint resolution of disapproval would be construed as Congress approving a bad Iran deal. It would be that the Congress didn’t have a supermajority of votes to stop the President from exercising the considerable leeway he has for the sanctions that are in place. 
that this bill gives us the chance to have that vote. Otherwise, the President could act to waive sanctions the day after a deal is struck. 
about congressional intent being misconstrued, we always have the ability to make our intent crystal clear by passing a resolution or concurrent resolution, which are not subject to Presidential presentment or veto. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the gentleman for his clarification. 
If this deal is signed, I do not think 
that Congress will enact a Resolution of Disapproval over the President’s veto—maybe not even vote for it on the floor. It is even less likely that Congress will enact a Resolution of Approval. 
Congress will not have acted, and as the chairman points out, Congress would not have approved this agreement. 
signs an agreement, Iran will get certain benefits and certain funds will be made available to them. At the same time, Iran will ship its stockpiles out of the country—or a substantial portion of them—decommission some centrifuges, and thereby delay its effort to get a nuclear weapon. 
thereafter, future Congresses and future Presidents will have to determine what American policy is. We would be free to demand a renegotiation of the agreement, or to simply continue it in force. A President could reactivate sanctions, or continue to waive them. Congress could enact new sanctions, or repeal existing sanctions. 
All options will be on the table in the 
years to come. And the only thing I am certain of is that we will be on this 
floor debating Iran and its nuclear program for many years to come. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
much better, through the hard work of Senators Corker and Cardin, and I appreciate their efforts to deescalate the conversation. I fear it is the wrong message at the wrong time. There are no good alternatives to letting negotiators prevent a nucleararmed Iran. 
Now, Congress seldom advances diplomacy. Usually, we politicize issues, playing to the bleachers. Our judgment is often suspect: the record from ignoring the lead up to World War II; misjudgments on Vietnam; the reckless rush into the war in Iraq; even maintaining a foolish policy regarding Cuba, until the President exercised leadership lately. 
now with what the P5+1 have done, making unprecedented progress— progress we wouldn’t have imagined 2 or 3 years ago. They did so using a unified force with these six countries, using the tools of the sanctions that we could not have imposed unilaterally. And we don’t want to lose the leverage of those allies. 
issues with Iran. It is troubling, a number of their activities. It is also ironic that our interests are aligned in some areas. And I will never forget on 9/11 there were demonstrations of support for America in Tehran. The Iranian people actually like Americans, their leaders do not—and that is why working forward to make this historic agreement a reality could be an important pivot point for the troubled relationships between our countries. 
Make no mistake, there are hardliners in Iran, just as there are hardliners in the United States, who want to blow this agreement up. But I have been impressed, taking advantage of offers from the White House for numerous briefings on this issue, reviewing the materials, that we have made tremendous progress. We shouldn’t complicate it. 
there is no good alternative to a negotiated agreement with Iran. It is the only way we can prevent them from getting nuclear weapons. 
people hinted at, others would welcome, would not stop their ultimate acquisition of nuclear weapons. It is very likely to accelerate it. And to imagine going back into that area, fighting a country with a population that is larger than Iraq and Afghanistan combined—over a huge area— would be devastating. 
Let’s stay the course. Let’s be patient. Let’s try to constrain congressional interference. 
balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Madam Speaker, I yield 
In closing, let me first say I appreciate the thoughtfulness that I have heard during this debate from all sides. And I think that is really Congress at its best. I am proud to be a Member of Congress when I hear debates like this. 
carefully to ensure that Iran would hear a unified and bipartisan message from Congress. Why is this important? It was Congress’ work with the layers and layers of sanctions. And Mr. ROYCE  
has been my partner from day one. We have worked together so hard on sanctions and speaking with a unified voice in the Foreign Affairs Committee, and we have tried so hard to make the Foreign Affairs Committee the most bipartisan committee of Congress because foreign policy should be bipartisan. And what I have heard today from all across the aisle here is bipartisanship. And it is a good feeling. But it was Congress’ work—the layers and layers of sanctions—that brought Iran to its knees and compelled Iran to come to the negotiating table. 
I believe that it will be the threat of 
congressional action that will compel Iran to make the tough choices in these negotiations. But this congressional action must be bipartisan. Iran must not be able to dismiss a bill as a partisan stunt. 
voice. We are stronger when we are unified. We are stronger when we act in a bipartisan manner. The international community followed our lead on Iran when we were unified. Iran came to the negotiating table when we were unified. And this vote should be no different: no poison pills, no extraneous messaging items that could torpedo this carefully crafted bill. Let’s get this bill to the President’s desk with a single voice. 
trepidation. The fact that Iran was allowed to enrich uranium all these months and months of talking I think was a mistake. The fact that we are talking only with Iran about their nuclear program, not about their support for terrorism, not about Americans held in Iranian prisons, not about their ballistic weapons, not about their mischief in Iran, not about their support for international terrorism, not about their support for Hezbollah and Hamas, not about their threats of death to Israel and death to America, I think is a mistake. 
But I do think negotiations are important, so I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote for this very, very sensible bipartisan piece of legislation. Let’s get this bill to the President’s desk with a single voice. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ELLISON. Madam Speaker, I 
In closing, I want to thank the ranking member and the chairman for this considered debate. I will say that I do believe that this is a big deal. It is important that we debate this. I respect the position that I have heard here today, but ultimately I don’t think what we are doing is necessary, and I don’t believe it will help enhance peace for the United States or the world. 
already in place, which is our right to have hearings on anything we want, the role we will have to play to remove any sanctions if we are satisfied, and the fact that we don’t have to if we are not. We have the cards. We do not have to choke this deal in the crib, which is what I think this particular bill threatens. 
Madam Speaker, about what the President is doing here. I have a list of examples that very closely correlate to the President’s effort to negotiate a nuclear deal with Iran: the Helsinki Act in 1975, the Nuclear Suppliers Group in 1975, and the Australia Group in 1985. I don’t have time to go into what all these things are, but I can say there are a number of situations where Presidents, Republican and Democrat, have used their authority to negotiate agreements with other countries in which Congress did not have to try to intervene. 
Let me also point out that this situation that we are in, where we have had the framework agreement and now we are hoping to get a full agreement, I am hopeful and optimistic it will be something that is good and meaningful. So far, so good, in my opinion. 
that the framework deal that has been struck already between the P5+1 in Iran would destroy about 14,000 centrifuges. That is what we are talking about here. Iran would destroy 97 percent of its uranium. That is 97 percent. Iran will have zero military nuclear capability. 
keeps Iran from getting a nuclear weapon, and we need to support this effort. I intend to vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. 
to a nuclear weapon is a mortal threat to the United States and to our allies. And when I say it is a threat, consider for a minute the fact that Iran has, with its Quds forces, forces right now in Lebanon. It has forces in Syria. It has forces in Iraq. Its forces have just helped lead a militia to topple the government in Yemen, a government that was our ally. So that is the type of regime that we are talking about. 
Iran was passing tens of millions of dollars to Hamas. But they gave a reason. It was to rebuild the three dozen or so tunnels that were built underneath Israel so that Hamas could conduct attacks to try to capture hostages and take them back into Gaza. 
clear. That kind of strategy would ensure that our ally Israel would have to fight block by block by block to get captives back. The one that I was in with Mr. ENGEL was not far from where 
This is the reality of the type of regime we are dealing with. It is not just transferring the money. It is also transferring the new rockets and the new missiles to Hamas. 
they said the inventory is low because of the rockets fired off—this is the reality of the types of intentions that this regime has. Many times, they telegraph those intentions. When they are yelling, ‘‘Death to the Great Satan, death to the little Satan,’’ it is not as though they are not telling us the Ayatollah’s intent. He is, after all, the Supreme Leader here. 
Iran’s support of terrorism and destabilization in the region will be far more intense, frankly, if it possesses a nuclear weapon or, indeed, if it had undetectable nuclear breakout capability. 
is why we need a good agreement, and I hope that all the Members support this legislation. It may not be a perfect bill, but it is a good bill. It is an important and responsible response to an administration that otherwise would shut out Congress. 
so long to embrace it. Weeks ago, the White House was issuing veto threats and pushing back hard. Were it to pass, it would be the end of diplomacy as we know it, they said at the time. Now, they are on board, and it is good that they are on board. 
this is the great upside—Congress will be in a much better position to judge any final agreement that the President strikes with Iran, and I believe that our diplomacy will have a better shot because of it. 
Instead of Iranian negotiators knowing that they can wear down the administration, this now injects Congress as an important backstop. It gives us leverage to address these issues like what we discussed today, to address the issue of: Will our inspectors, the international inspectors, have the right to go on military bases? 
Let me tell you, I was part of the 1994 
framework agreement, and the consequences of not getting the ability of weapons inspectors, international inspectors, to go on to military bases, not having that right to go anywhere, anytime, had profound consequences. It is why we are dealing with North Korea having the weapon today that they possess. 
diplomats should now head to the negotiating table with a stronger hand. They should work for a credible deal, a verifiable deal, and then present it to Congress to be judged. That is only appropriate, given the incredible consequences for the region, for our allies, and for the national security of the United States. 
I urge the passage of this legislation. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 1191. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2297) to prevent Hezbollah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
HEZBOLLAH AS A SIGNIFICANT FOREIGN NARCOTICS TRAFFICKER AND A SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION 
It shall be the policy of the United States 
financial network from operating in order to curtail funding of its domestic and international activities; and 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act and annually thereafter, the Secretary of State shall provide to the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a briefing on the following: 
Internet, or other providers that knowingly provide material support to alManar TV, and any affiliates or successors thereof. 
that have been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 (September 23, 2001); and 
that have not been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order No. 13224 and, with respect to each such provider, the reason why sanctions have not been imposed. 
transaction or transactions of a person designated for acting on behalf of or at the direction of, or owned or controlled by, Hezbollah; 
Treasury shall prescribe and implement regulations to carry out this subsection. 
the date of the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— 
significant verifiable steps toward terminating the activity described in such subsection; and 
PAYABLE THROUGH ACCOUNT .—The terms ‘‘account’’, ‘‘correspondent account’’, and ‘‘payablethrough account’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 5318A of title 31, United States Code. 
the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
goods’’ has the meaning given the term in section 1027.100 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. 
term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning of such term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations, and includes a foreign central bank. 
term ‘‘domestic financial institution’’ has the meaning of such term as determined by the Secretary of the Treasury. 
of which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(II) who is identified on the list of specially 
designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Asset Control of the Department of the Treasury as an agent, instrumentality, or affiliate of Hezbollah; and 
of State as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
the Treasury may further define the terms used in this section in the regulations prescribed under this section. 
HEZBOLLAH AS A SIGNIFICANT FOREIGN NARCOTICS TRAFFICKER AND A SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATION 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate committees of Congress a detailed report on whether the Hezbollah meets the criteria for designation as a significant transnational criminal organization under Executive Order No. 13581 (76 Fed. Reg. 44757), and if the President determines that Hezbollah does not meet such criteria, a detailed justification as to which criteria have not been met. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that details actions taken by the Department of State through the Department of State rewards program under section 36 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act (22 U.S.C. 2708) to obtain information on fundraising, financing, and money laundering activities of Hezbollah and its agents and affiliates. 
the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
GOVERNMENTS TO DISRUPT GLOBAL LOGISTICS NETWORKS AND FUNDRAISING, FINANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES OF HEZBOLLAH. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
Hezbollah, or in which Hezbollah maintains important portions of its global logistics networks; 
(ii) in the case of a country the government of which is not taking adequate measures to disrupt such networks— 
by the United States to encourage such government to improve measures to disrupt such networks; 
or any of its agents or affiliates, conducts significant fundraising, financing, or money laundering activities; 
(ii) in the case of a country the government of which is not taking adequate measures to disrupt such activities— 
by the United States to encourage such government to improve measures to disrupt such activities; and 
of its agents or affiliates, utilizes to raise or transfer funds, including tradebased money laundering, the use of foreign exchange houses, and freetrade zones. 
‘‘global logistics networks of Hezbollah’’, ‘‘global logistics networks’’, or ‘‘networks’’ means financial, material, or technological support for, or financial or other services in support of, Hezbollah. 
ACTIVITIES RELATED TO FUNDRAISING , F INANCING , AND MONEY LAUNDERING WORLD WIDE.—Not later than 90 days after the date 
of the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads (or their designees) of other applicable Federal departments and agencies shall provide to 
the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the disposition of Hezbollah’s assets and activities related to fundraising, financing, and money laundering worldwide. 
Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and 
the Committee on Finance, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
made by this Act shall apply to the authorized intelligence activities of the United States. 
later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
is 30 days after the date on which the President certifies to Congress that Hezbollah— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material they might wish for the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
support of this measure, and I want to especially thank the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. MARK MEADOWS , 
New York for their bipartisan leadership on this critically important issue. 
Last July, the House passed legislation by a vote of 404–0. This was the bill that was passed by that measure, with a few tweaks, but 404–0. Unfortunately, the other body, the Senate, failed to take it up. The threat posed by Hezbollah and other Iranian proxies has only expanded since then, and now, Hezbollah is ascendant in the region. 
aimed at Israel; that arsenal has exploded. I was in Haifa in 2006 as Hezbollah’s rockets rained down on that city, targeting civilian neighborhoods. Those Iranian and Syrianmade rockets were slamming into people’s homes, and they were being targeted, 
and the hospital also was being targeted. Every rocket contained 90,000 ball bearings. The only intent was mass killing and maiming. 
talked to many of the victims. There were 600 victims of these rockets in there, and that was nearly 10 years ago. At that time, Hezbollah started that effort with about 15,000 rockets at their disposal, and they fired close to 5,000 at civilian targets. That was their work. 
size and in sophistication. By the way, it has been done at the behest of Iran. They have given these new rockets, with longer range, to Hezbollah. Now, they have an arsenal; the estimate is some 100,000 unguided rockets. It has also expanded its arsenal to include the sophisticated antiship and antiaircraft missiles and groundtoground rockets. 
both its arsenal and activities, with Iranian backing, and its longestablished worldwide network of members and supporters and sympathizers to provide this terrorist group financial and logistical and military and other types of support. 
reach of Hezbollah, to deny it the funds needed for its terrorist activities, we must effectively target its financial network. That is the goal of the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015. 
This bill builds on the existing sanctions regime by placing Hezbollah’s sources of financing under additional scrutiny, particularly those resources outside of Lebanon, given that many Lebanese banks have stepped up their game to prevent money laundering. 
organization’s diverse financial networks, the legislation also requires the U.S. Government to focus on 
Hezbollah’s global logistics network and its transnational organized criminal enterprises, including its vast drug smuggling operations. 
and cooperation with allies and other responsible countries in confronting the increasing threat posed by Hezbollah, and I strongly urge my colleagues to support this critical measure. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
in strong support of H.R. 2297, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
begin by, once again, thanking Chairman ROYCE for his thoughtfulness, his 
intellect, his bipartisanship. I agree with everything he said in his opening statement. 
work on this important legislation to sanction Hezbollah, Iran’s terrorist proxy. 
Congress passed into law the Syria Accountability and Lebanese Sovereignty Restoration Act, which was designed to end Syrian support for terrorism, including Hezbollah. I was proud to have that bill pass both Houses of Congress and signed into law by thenPresident Bush. 
Now, Hezbollah is a more sophisticated terrorist organization, but their goals remain the same. They continue to support Iran’s dangerous agenda throughout the region. 
war in favor of Assad. Assad would most likely be losing or out of power by now if not for the fact that Hezbollah has come in from Lebanon into Syria to aid Assad in his murderous treachery against his own people, where hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians have perished. 
He would not be in power today if it 
wasn’t for Iran and if it wasn’t for Iran’s proxy, Hezbollah, fighting that civil war. He would be losing that civil war. It is Hezbollah that has propped him up and caused him to be ahead in that war. 
bill just before, I mentioned my concerns about a potential nuclear deal with Iran. At the top of their list is how sanctions relief will be handled and what Iran will do with a new influx of resources. 
Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. The Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Quds Force sow instability throughout the region. Perhaps the most destructive has been Iran’s support for Hezbollah. 
people of Lebanon from building a better future. Hezbollah’s support has allowed the Assad regime to cling to power, and Hezbollah has stockpiled tens of thousands of rockets on Israel’s front doorstep. 
has been able to funnel resources to Hezbollah, despite the burden of the most crippling sanctions regime in history. What is going to happen if that pressure is lifted? 
Congress must act now to impose stronger sanctions on Hezbollah. We should choke them off from their Iranian patrons. This bill would give the administration every tool it needs to confront this dangerous group. 
knowingly doing business with Hezbollah. We need to send a clear message to companies getting tangled with this terrorist group: Walk away. Walk away, or face the consequences. 
light on AlManar, Hezbollah’s television station, itself a Specially Designated Terrorist Group. Hezbollah uses AlManar for logistical, propaganda, and fundraising purposes. It defies reason that this station is still carried by the satellite providers all over the world. We need to expose this puppet organization and this dangerous organization for what it is. 
We passed this bill in the last Congress by a vote of 404–0. Today, let’s take another stand against the violence, murder, and terrorism that Hezbollah has sown in the region. It is time for an independent and free Lebanon. It is time for an end to terror and for a transition in Syria, and it is time for the threats against Israel to end. 
important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
4 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ), a member of 
the Foreign Affairs Committee, chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Subcommittee on Government Operations. 
year’s legislation on this subject which passed with 404 votes, and he is a principal coauthor, along with Mr. TED 
DEUTCH , of this bill which we are bringing up today. 
thank the chairman for his kind words and for his leadership because we would not be here today without the great work of the chairman; the ranking member, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL ; and my 
who has dropped everything to try to make sure that we address this critical issue. 
of Defense and the military men and women that we have serving the great American interests, many Americans believe that the terrorist organizations are poorly organized, they are rogue operations, and some, most of them believe that they are just thousands of miles away; yet terrorist organizations have been thriving for decades and have killed thousands of Americans. 
day, and hopefully today is the beginning of what we do to make sure that that happens. 
globalization, Hezbollah has become illusive and has found ways to raise millions of dollars. You would think that it is just in some faraway place, but we find them as close as our own borders in this hemisphere and, indeed, in my home State of North Carolina. 
We must do all that we can to cripple 
Hezbollah and send a message to other terrorist organizations that the United States will not back down. We will protect our people and our allies. We can do this today by enacting the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act. 
ever before because, as we discuss this particular potential deal with Iran, what we do know is that, as sanctions are relieved, that money will flow. And because the real leader and founder of this vicious terrorist organization is really the Iranian regime, we must act today, Madam Speaker, because we 
will save American lives, we will save allied lives, and we will stand with our greatest ally in the Middle East, Israel. 
So I want to close by, indeed, thanking Chairman EDROYCE for his willingness to engage with our leadership and for their decision to bring this to the floor in a very expeditious manner. I thank Chairman TOMPRICE of Georgia, 
to the Lebanese bankers because many would believe that everybody there is involved in this. We had credible Lebanese bankers who came in and said, ‘‘We want some help.’’ We want to make sure that the good actors are rewarded and the bad actors are put away. 
staff that has worked incredibly hard— Matt Zweig, Ansley Rhyne, and Mira Resnick—from the Foreign Affairs Committee. They have worked very closely together to make this a good piece of legislation, one that will be a tool so that this administration can finally put the boot on the throat of Hezbollah and all likeminded terrorists. 
4 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), who 
is also the ranking member of the Middle East and North Africa Subcommittee. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the bipartisan Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015. 
their leadership on this critical piece of national security legislation. I especially want to acknowledge the leadership of my friend from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) in championing this effort and diligently pushing to make sure that we have the opportunity to hear this important bill. And I want to thank Representatives MENG, ZELDIN , 
role that they have played in bringing this bill to the House floor. 
has attacked American citizens: in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in Beirut in 1983, killing 63, including 17 Americans; in the U.S. Marine barracks bombing in October 1983, which killed 241 American and 58 French servicemen; in the bombing of the U.S. Embassy annex in Beirut in 1984, which killed 24; in the hijacking of TWA flight 847 in 1985, in which a U.S. Navy diver was shot in the head and his body dumped on the tarmac; and in the Khobar Towers attack in Saudi Arabia in 1996 that killed 19 airmen. 
terrorist organization since 1997. And while it claims to be a resistance group, it is a very dangerous terrorist 
Americans. It launches attacks not just on Israel. It attacks around the world. 
Embassy bombing in Argentina, which killed 29, and the 1994 bombing of the AMIA Jewish center that killed 85 people. It attacked a busload of tourists in Bulgaria in 2012. And since 2008, attacks plotted by Hezbollah have been foiled in Cyprus, Azerbaijan, Georgia, and Turkey. 
In 2012, a Hezbollah plot to assassinate the Ambassador of Saudi Arabia to the United States right here in a Washington, D.C., restaurant was uncovered. This attack, had it gone forward, would have resulted in innocent civilian deaths here in our Nation’s Capital. 
helping Bashar al Assad slaughter innocent civilians in Syria. Hezbollah’s fighters and operatives are on the ground in Syria, propping up the Assad regime as it drops barrel bombs on Syrian towns and uses chlorine gas on its own people. 
Iran’s bidding. Backed by millions of dollars from Iran, Hezbollah is keeping Assad’s grip on power to preserve Iran’s lifeline to its proxy. 
before it has the potential to become even stronger. 
set up cells all around the world. It gets significant funding for its worldwide terror through its criminal activities, such as money laundering, narcotics trafficking, and the selling of counterfeit goods. And shockingly, it fund raises in communities all over Latin America and Europe. 
toward cutting off Hezbollah’s global reach by imposing sanctions on those financial institutions that facilitate Hezbollah’s activities. We can severely hamper its ability to move the funds needed to fund its terror campaigns. 
This bill will also require the administration to look into satellite providers that continue to broadcast the Hezbollahrun AlManar television station. A terrorist organization should not be allowed to freely broadcast its propaganda and its messages of hate. In fact, more than 10 years ago, back in 2004, France’s highest administrative court moved to ban AlManar, ruling that the Beirutbased outlet had repeatedly violated the country’s hate laws and made antiSemitic statements. 
and the administration greater insight into Hezbollah’s criminal activities by requiring reports on Hezbollah’s narcotrafficking and its transnational criminal network. 
clearer sense of Hezbollah’s global reach, as it requires reporting on what 
countries around the world are doing to disrupt Hezbollah’s activities. 
Madam Speaker, Hezbollah has destabilized the Middle East for over 30 years. It has been a significant and deadly threat to U.S. interests. It stands ready, with more than 100,000 rockets and missiles aimed at Israel, many capable of striking anywhere with high precision. This is one of the most deadly organizations in the world, and the U.S. must use all of its economic might to shut down Hezbollah’s global operations. 
what Congress can do to address the many dangers that we face in the world. This legislation is a step forward in protecting Americans and American interests and American lives. Similar legislation passed the House unanimously last year, and I urge my colleagues to again support this vitally important national security bill. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ), the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Middle East and North Africa. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Madam Speaker, I thank Chairman ROYCE for the 
wonderfully bipartisan way in which he leads our committee, and I especially want to thank the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. MEADOWS ) for his 
of this bill, to broaden sanctions against Hezbollah, a U.S.designated Foreign Terrorist Organization. 
been responsible for propping up the murderous Assad regime in Syria. Hezbollah continues to be a major threat to our closest friend and ally, the Democratic Jewish State of Israel. Hezbollah and its patron Iran continue to seek ways to attack and undermine U.S. national security interests, especially with its increased presence in our own area, in the Western Hemisphere, and its increasing role in global narcotics trafficking. 
countering Hezbollah’s illicit activities is by cutting off its major source of funding and support. Once the administration gives Iran a signing bonus of $50 billion and lifts the sanctions against the regime, when this bad and dangerously weak nuclear deal gets signed, you can be sure, Madam Speaker, that the spigots will open and that money will flow directly to Hezbollah. So we must make sure that the administration fully and vigorously enforces these sanctions against Hezbollah and doesn’t find any loophole or waive any of the provisions. 
willingness to work with the Iranian regime and the Cuban regime, I might add, it wouldn’t surprise me to see the administration take steps to follow the European Union and split Hezbollah into a military and political wing to 
try to avoid these sanctions and appease the Iranian regime. 
Hezbollah is a terrorist organization and that there is no split among the terror group whatsoever. You cannot differentiate between its supposed wings. It is all one terrorist organization. That is why I strongly support this bill, and I call upon the President to do more to counter this threat from Iran and its proxy, Hezbollah. 
now my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG), a valued member of the Foreign 
pleased to be a lead cosponsor of the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act. This legislation will broaden financial sector sanctions against Hezbollah, compel other critical designations against it, and target Hezbollah’s media outlet AlManar. 
A lot of work has gone into this bill 
over two Congresses, and we have worked hard, especially with the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ), to 
ensure the inclusion of language that would disrupt Hezbollah’s global logistics networks and its fundraising and moneylaundering activities. 
This section requires the Obama administration to shed light on those countries that either covertly or overtly enable any sort of Hezbollah activities within their borders. The provision is particularly important in the Hezbollah context because there are far too many countries that outwardly condemn Hezbollah’s military and terrorist activities while privately fostering environments where Hezbollah can operate politically and financially. Well, no more, not if you want to do business with the United States. 
This legislation is also timely because it sends a strong message to Iran that no matter what happens in relation to nuclear negotiations, the United States will aggressively counter its promotion of terror in the Middle East. 
In the last decade, our sanctions policy has led the way in crippling rogue regimes and terrorist groups, and 
today we take a big step forward in crippling, among the worst of them all, Hezbollah. 
Ranking Member E NGEL , Mr. M EADOWS , 
3 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), a member of the 
Committee on Foreign Affairs, one of the principal cosponsors of this bill, and a leader in confronting Iran in its support for terrorism around the world. 
thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership on the Foreign Affairs Committee, as well as Ranking Member ENGEL , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mr. M EADOWS , Ms. M ENG, and 
This has been a strong bipartisan effort that was started before I came to Congress this past January. Some of my fellow lead cosponsors on this bill have worked tirelessly over years. 
apologize for. We are a great, free, exceptional nation. Being the leader of the free world is, this body, today, passing legislation, the Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act, to tackle a rising threat in the Middle East and to United States interests all around the world. American leadership is on display here in the Halls of Congress. 
Hezbollah has helped Assad fight Syrian rebels in that country. It is estimated that Iran has provided Hezbollah $60 million to $100 million per year in financial assistance. 
The Dubaibased Gulf Research Center estimates Hezbollah’s armed wing at about 1,000 fulltime fighters and 6,000 to 10,000 volunteers. According to the Iranian Fars News Agency, Hezbollah has up to 65,000 fighters. 
the need to pursue foreign banks that knowingly do business with entities that facilitate Hezbollah’s activities. This legislation addresses the need to counter Hezbollah’s other criminal enterprises, which include money laundering and counterfeiting of goods and pharmaceuticals. 
helps address the need to obtain more information on Hezbollah’s fundraising, financing, and moneylaundering networks. It requires the administration to provide a comprehensive overview of countries supporting Hezbollah as well as those countries that aren’t doing enough. 
his leadership with this legislation, Mr. ENGEL , and my fellow colead sponsors 
as we tackle this rising tide of radical Islamic extremism in the Middle East with Hezbollah, Hamas, al Qaeda, Boko Haram, and ISIS. Every day, our 24 hour news cycle is dominated with our constituents watching, reading, and hearing about this threat that exists in the Middle East, understanding that if we do not defeat it overseas, we will be facing it here at home. 
with my fellow coleads and my colleagues from both parties as American exceptionalism is on display here. I rise in support today, and I encourage my colleagues to vote for this legislation. 
myself the balance of my time for the purpose of closing. 
in the Middle East and around the world have only added to the volatility that has plagued the region. Hezbollah’s stockpile of rockets is growing on Israel’s doorstep, threatening to ‘‘confront aggression at any time, any place, and in any form whatsoever.’’ The irony is they are the aggressors. Hezbollah fighters terrorize 
the people of Syria, serving as the only thing between Assad and his own demise. Hezbollah has made itself into a state within a state of Lebanon, denying the Lebanese people their right to selfdetermination. 
Madam Speaker, it is time to redouble our efforts to stop Hezbollah from continuing its campaign of terror across the region. So I urge my colleagues to pass this legislation because it is so important. The United States has the clout to do so, and we should always let the people—the average people—know that the United States stands by them. 
Hezbollah is one of the worst terrorist organizations. Hezbollah tries to terrorize Israel, but they have never succeeded and will never succeed, and they terrorize the people of Lebanon and Syria. We need to put an end to that. That is why this legislation is so important. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support it. I thank Chairman ROYCE once again for his leadership, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
member of the Committee on Financial Services, a cosponsor of the bill, and someone who has been relentless in warning about the threat of Iran and Hezbollah. 
to thank the chairman and the ranking member for your leadership and for yielding the time. I also want to thank Mr. MEADOWS , Mr. D EUTCH , and all 
The Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act is one that is important. We need to choke off funds to a wellknown terrorist organization that has been engaged in terror for decades. We know a lot, Madam Speaker, and we have talked a lot about the threat of ISIS, what is going on in Syria, what is happening with Iran, Iran being the greatest state sponsor of terror in the world, using its proxies, one of which is Hezbollah. But I want to make sure that we are not losing sight of Hezbollah and the dangers that they pose. That is why this is such an important piece of legislation. 
They are one of the most deadly terrorist organizations in the world. They are a major threat not only to the United States; they are a threat to our one true ally in the Middle East, the State of Israel. The buildup of Hezbollah’s rocket arsenal is a concern, Madam Speaker, to everyday Israelis, and it should be a concern for all of us. 
off that financing, it is absolutely critical that we speak with one clear voice here in the United States, that we focus on these cells, and that we focus on how Hezbollah is getting its resources. This is, again, another issue on which I am delighted that we are working together in a bipartisan fashion because this is not about partisanship. This is about making sure that the world is a safer place and shining a light on terrorist organizations, Hezbollah being one of the worst. 
was in Israel, and we went into the Golan. We went north to the border, and we looked off over the border, not only into Syria; we looked into Lebanon as well. We met with lone soldiers, members from Chicago who went over to Israel to join the IDF and fight, and they are terrified and prepared for attacks from Hezbollah. 
an important bill, one that makes sure we do not lose sight of the threat posed by Hezbollah, and one that we have to make sure that we are vigilant, that we know where the resources are going. 
This is a bill that, again, I want to 
thank the chairman for his leadership on, and I want to thank Mr. ENGEL , the 
ranking member, for his leadership, and TEDDEUTCH , a good friend, and 
doing. This is something that, again, I encourage my colleagues in this body to come together and unite behind another unanimous vote to make sure the world knows that we will not sit idly by, that we will do everything in our power to make sure that we track down the funders of this terrorist organization to make sure that they do not have the tools necessary for a reign of terror on Israel and the West. 
think about an organization that was once a limited regional threat. Today, it really is global. It is an organization conducting terrorist and criminal activities all over the world, one that has actively targeted the United States now, if we think about it, for 30 years. I think it shows no signs of letting up as Iran, the regime there, shows no signs in letting up in its support for Hezbollah. 
11, Iran’s proxy was responsible for the largest number of American deaths by terrorist organizations up until that point when al Qaeda carried out that attack. This included the 1993 bombing of the United States Embassy in Beirut and the bombing of our United States Marine Corps barracks again that same year. Hezbollah was responsible for providing funding and weapons to Iraqi militias that killed hundreds of Americans in Iraq at the behest of Iran. Hezbollah is behind the Iraniansponsored slaughter that is going on right now in Syria, and it is Hezbollah that is now not only on the northern border of Israel, but also, with the support from Iran, it is now up on the Golan Heights. It is now up just off the Golan Heights in Syria there. 
Hezbollah is now involved in supporting the Iraniansupported Houthi takeover in Yemen. Hezbollah is a model; and as you heard the debate recently on the Internet, should the Hezbollah model be replicated not only among the Shia Houthi but in other parts of the region, we must remember that any sanctions relief that we provide to Iran for a nuclear agreement will have an impact on Iran’s ability to further support Hezbollah and the ability of that organization to carry out future attacks on Americans, on our allies, or on other unfortunate souls who oppose an Iranian takeover of that region. 
Yet Hezbollah and their sponsor remain vulnerable. They are still reliant on Iran’s largesse and on proceeds from Hezbollah’s illicit activities. It is precisely those illicit activities, those vulnerabilities, that we must target. So, Madam Speaker, passing the Iran and the Hezbollah bills today will be a one two punch against terrorists backing Iran’s nuclear weapons drive. 
Members to support this measure. Again, I thank Mr. ELIOT ENGEL for his 
work and the other cosponsors of the bill as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 260 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11414. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. 
the nature of a substitute made in order as original text shall be in order except those printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution. 
of the Committee on Rules shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. 
printed in the report of the Committee on Rules or against amendments en bloc described in section 3 of this resolution are waived. 
the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution not earlier disposed of. Amendments en bloc offered pursuant to this section shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their respective designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. 
of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Alabama is recognized for 1 hour. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Alabama? 
260 provides a structured rule for consideration of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. It is my privilege to present this rule to the House as a member of the Rules Committee. It is also my privilege to 
do so as a member of the committee of jurisdiction over this bill, the House Armed Services Committee. 
record number of amendments to the bill; heard nearly 6 hours of testimony from our colleagues; and, in this rule, have made in order 135 amendments for consideration on the House floor. 
chair of the Armed Services Committee authority to offer such amendments en bloc to facilitate consideration of such a large number of amendments. 
the way for the passage of the National Defense Authorization Act. This law, this bill, governs the defense of the United States of America, provides for the servicemen and women that defend this country. It is the single most important function of this House. 
today, but we need to make sure, as we hear this debate, that we focus on what we are here about, and that is to defend the people of the United States. While there are other things that may be brought up that are important and good, they are not about the defense of the United States and would not be in order for this bill. 
Services Committee, I have followed this bill from the start. Counting the 
Rules Committee hours and the hours in committee, I have personally spent over 25 hours in debate on this bill. 
process: 335 amendments were filed at the Armed Services Committee level; 211 amendments were adopted by the House Armed Services Committee in markup, including 96 Democrat amendments; 135 amendments were made in order by the rule—69 of those are Democrat or bipartisan amendments. That is over 450 amendments that have been considered since we started this process. 
Act has a history of bipartisanship, which is only appropriate on the single most important thing that we do, defending the people of the United States. 
Armed Services on a vote of 60–2. It has been completed every year since 1962 on a bipartisan basis. That is 53 straight years, and we need to make it 54. 
country. For the first time in a long time, Americans are ranking national security as their number one concern, even ahead of the economy. 
he has never seen more threats to our country at any other time in his 33 years in the business. Most alarmingly, he says that we are at risk of another attack here in the United States. Our military men and women need this bill to do their job and help keep us safe. 
Statement of Administration Policy and indicated in there that the President’s advisers would recommend a veto of this bill. I sincerely hope the President would not do so, given the bipartisan effort to pass a bill so critical to the security of our Nation. 
President Obama requested authorization for $612 billion in military spending, and this bill matches that request dollar for dollar. 
with that, and they quibble with that because, as you can see in this light blue area at the very top, in the President’s recommendation, there is a certain amount of money that he wants to be in the categorization of overseas contingency operations, OCO. 
increases OCO by a small amount—that you can see here—and increases the base by a larger amount. In essence, what we have done here is gotten to the same place as the President by making a very small alteration to the OCO. 
use our military men and women as pawns in an effort to boost nondefense discretionary spending. That is plainly wrong and reprehensible. 
our country, and it is important that we debate them, but we should never hold up this piece of legislation that is historically bipartisan to make a point on something that has nothing to do with the defense of the United States of America. 
who are keeping our Nation safe. They have elected to serve our Nation. The least we can do is give them the resources and the policy they need to do their job. Now, some of my colleagues want to use them as political bargaining chips. That is hard for me to believe that anyone would consider doing that in this House. 
number of very complicated issues. There are a couple that I know we are going to talk about today that I briefly want to touch on now. 
the overseas contingency operations account and how it affects this whole issue of sequestration. Long before I got here, there was this deal within Congress that was proposed by the President that, in essence, resulted in this artificial sequestration of funds that would otherwise be appropriately sent to the military, and we are operating under the artificial constraints of that sequestration law today. 
back then because I wasn’t here, but that rationale, whatever it was, doesn’t make sense today when the number one concern of the American people is defending the United States of America, when experts on this issue are telling us, over and over again, the American interests abroad—and, yes, here at home—are threatened. Why should we feel that we should be 
limited to that at a time when we need to be stepping forth and defending the American people? 
Now, there may be a time and a place 
to revisit the sequestration law, but that time and that place is not on this law. This law is for us to do what we must do to defend the United States of America, and this bill does that. 
a lot today is a proposed amendment by my colleague from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ), and that deals with the issue 
of immigration. Now, you may ask: Why are we talking about immigration in regard to a bill on national defense? That is a good question. We should not be. 
During the Armed Services Committee’s consideration of this bill—and it went for 18 hours late in the process— one of our members offered an amendment to insert the immigration issue into this bill. It was unfortunate, and it was inappropriate. 
take it out, and we are going to have spirited debate during this rule, I predict, and during the debate on the bill; but make no mistake about it, however important you think or I think the immigration issue is, however much we think that that should come to this floor for consideration, this bill, a bill on the defense of the United States of America, is not the right bill for us to consider it in. 
There are other committees of jurisdiction that are supposed to do that— Homeland Security, for example. Those committees need to go through their process and make sure they do what they need to do, and then it can come to this floor, but it should not come to this floor to confuse this bill that deals with the defense of the United States of America. 
This rule, Madam Speaker, is an extremely fair rule made after a lot of debate, allowing an enormous number of amendments, and I urge its support. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
want to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for yielding me the 
were submitted to the House Rules Committee on a wide variety of issues relevant to the National Defense Authorization Act. Of those, only 135 were made in order, or about 38 percent. That means that the Republican majority of the Rules Committee rejected over 60 percent of amendments submitted by their House colleagues. 
rule. The amendments included under this rule are important amendments, worthy of the time and attention of this House, but I believe that all the 
amendments submitted merited debate and should have been included under an open rule. 
under this rule only receives 10 minutes of debate maximum, equally divided. That is no way to treat debate of significant issues regarding our national security. 
Congress long enough that I remember when it used to take 4 or 5 entire days to debate the NDAA. Amendments that would significantly affect our defense policies and operations were provided with enough debate time so that all Members had the opportunity to speak and air their views. 
when the House actually worked 4 or 5 full days each week. That simply doesn’t happen anymore. There are fewer and fewer Members in this Chamber who remember when matters of substance were given the time, attention, and debate that they deserve. 
2016 defense authorization bill, but there is also much to be concerned about, from dangerous spending to increase our nuclear arsenal, to continuing to tie the hands of the administration on how to handle the transfer of prisoners out of Guantanamo who have been cleared of all charges. 
One of the most blatant and egregious demonstrations of excess spending in the NDAA is what the bill has done to the President’s overseas contingency operations fund, the socalled OCO fund. 
fund on top of the $51 billion requested by the President to fund our various wars. This $38 billion will not be spent on warrelated costs, but instead, it transfers money from the operations and maintenance account to the OCO to fund what should be base bill requirements, all as a ruse to evade the Budget Control Act caps. 
In the coming weeks, my House colleagues will see at least four appropriations bills come to the House floor that are prepared to cut more than $20 billion in urgently needed domestic programs, all in the name of staying within the caps set by the Budget Control Act; yet, when it comes to the Pentagon, nearly twice that amount is added to the OCO as a slush fund in order to avoid those very same caps. This is madness, Madam Speaker, absolute madness. 
health, welfare, and prosperity of our people and our communities—requires that we invest in our transportation and infrastructure; in our urban and rural development; in science, engineering, and technology; in medical research and our healthcare and education systems; in our children, our families, our workers; in our local businesses and new entrepreneurs. 
is based on so much more than just our 
force of arms. It is based on the role of 
the Federal Government in supporting strong quality of life for each and every one of our people, regardless of age, income, geography, or political affiliation. No one is offering them a slush fund; instead, we are cutting those programs to the bare bone. 
When it comes to helping the neediest among us, Madam Speaker, the majority in this House has, once again, prevented debate on this critical issue. I am disappointed that an amendment offered by my friend from California (Mr. VARGAS ) was not made in order for 
Under current law, military servicemembers who do not live on base are provided with a basic allowance for housing. Because this stipend is offered to military families in lieu of onbase housing, it is exempted from Federal taxes and from being considered as income when determining eligibility for certain tax credits. Unfortunately, there is still a lack of uniformity in how the allowance is treated for various basic needs programs. 
For example, the basic housing allowance is being considered as income for the purpose of calculating SNAP benefits, which results in eligible households receiving a lesser SNAP benefit or being cut off from the program altogether. These are families who are struggling, and it makes absolutely no sense that receiving housing assistance means our military families should receive less food assistance. 
number of military families are struggling to make ends meet. More and more of these families are relying on SNAP benefits to put food on their tables, and we need to be having a larger conversation about how to make sure that our servicemen and servicewomen and their families who have sacrificed so much for our country have economic security. 
and we must make sure that they are receiving all the necessary assistance that they deserve. 
simply excluded the basic housing allowance from any calculation of income or resources for any purpose under Federal, State, and local law. It is a good amendment, and it is a commonsense amendment, and this House should have had the opportunity to debate this important amendment; but while we shortchange the American people, local communities, and our neighbors living in poverty, we have plenty of time to add to the national deficit and debt by funding a myriad of wars on the national credit card. 
the U.S. is currently engaged, last night in the Rules Committee, Congressman WALTER JONES of North Carolina, the distinguished ranking member of the Armed Services Committee— Congressman ADAM SMITH of Washington—and I offered an amendment 
that would do one simple thing: it would have the President tell Congress next year what our mission is in Afghanistan and how much longer our servicemen and servicewomen would continue to be deployed over there. Then Congress would have 30 days to vote on whether or not to authorize or to modify that mission. 
nearly 14 years. It is the longest military engagement in U.S. history. Over the past few years, the mission of our Armed Forces has been constantly altered. Supposedly, we ended combat operations at the end of last December; yet our forces still engage in combat. We are now supposed to be engaged in training the Afghan military and police forces and be out of Afghanistan by the end of 2016; but every day, I open up the newspaper, and I read how we are going to need to remain in Afghanistan for much, much, much longer. 
says that the U.S. should remain engaged in counterterrorism and special operations after 2016. All the President is required to do is let us know if he wants to keep our troops in Afghanistan to continue training Afghan forces until they can stand on their own. 
Is it too much to ask for the President to tell us next spring what the plan is for keeping our uniformed men and women in Afghanistan and then having a vote on that plan? Don’t our troops and don’t their families deserve much more from us? 
I guess it is too much to ask because 
this Congress—once again, the majority on the Rules Committee—decided not to make the McGovernJones Smith amendment in order. 
our blood and our treasure—simply continues on and on and on and on. It is a long, endless war that Congress barely pays attention to anymore, not even as members of our Armed Forces come home in coffins or wounded in body, heart, and mind. One of my constituents was the first to fall this year under our new postcombat operations mission in Afghanistan. Who will be the last U.S. servicemember to die in Afghanistan? 
This House—this Congress—is incapable of being accountable for the wars we so easily send our servicemembers to fight and die in, and it is completely incapable of carrying out its constitutional responsibilities to specifically and explicitly authorize these military operations. 
United States began sustained combat operations in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State. Last year, the Speaker said that it was not right for the 113th Congress to vote on this new war started on its watch. It should be up to the next Congress—this Congress, the 114th Congress—to authorize the war. Then the Speaker complained that 
Congress couldn’t act until the President sent us an AUMF. Madam Speaker, the President sent Congress an AUMF on February 11. That was over 3 months ago. It is not an AUMF that I would support, but the President did his job, and still Congress fails to act. Why? Because the leadership of this House says it can’t find its way to 218 on an AUMF. 
is not how it works. The job of the Congress is to take a vote on an AUMF— period. If you don’t like what the President’s proposal is, then change it, vote against it, or bring another version to the House floor. Congress has the constitutional obligation to authorize the use of military force to combat the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria or elsewhere. Congress has the responsibility to specifically debate and authorize sending servicemen and servicewomen into hostilities in Iraq and Syria. The party in charge of the House and the Senate has a responsibility to legislate. We don’t have the right to say, ‘‘Oh, this is just too tough of a job, and we don’t want to deal with it.’’ 
If you want to be in charge, then you 
have to govern. Unfortunately, Madam Speaker, I don’t see the leadership interested in governing on this most serious matter. 
a privileged resolution under the provisions of the War Powers Resolution to force a debate on whether our troops should remain engaged in combat operations against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria or whether they should withdraw. 
We have been patient. We have waited and waited and waited for the Republican leadership of this House to tell us when it would act on an AUMF for Iraq and Syria, but it has now become clear that this House has no intention of debating an AUMF on the fight against the Islamic State. It is perfectly happy to just drift along and not take any responsibility whatsoever for the lives that we are putting at risk in Iraq and Syria and for the millions of taxpayer dollars that we are spending each and every day. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Madam Speaker, I yield 
have just heard from the gentleman from Massachusetts, I was struck by the fact that so much of it had to do with things other than national defense. I said in the very beginning that this is the authorization of the defense of America. Those are important issues—health care, education, transportation—and we need to debate those, but not in this bill. That is why those sorts of amendments were not made in order. 
debate the defense of the United States of America. 
President’s policy in Afghanistan, and I do think that we should consider at some point in time an appropriate AUMF for the conflict in Iraq. This House has been asking the leadership for briefings and other information about the proposed AUMF that we got from the administration, and we haven’t received them yet, so we can’t have the sort of deliberativetype review of his AUMF until we receive that information. 
issues are, they are not in order under this bill. This is a bill that we have historically adopted in a bipartisan fashion. Let’s stay focused on the defense of the United States of America in this bipartisan bill and not wander off onto other things that we are either not prepared for or that are not in order under this bill. 
At this point in time, Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ), my colleague. 
Speaker, the NDAA, as amended by Congressman RUBEN GALLEGO , undermines America’s border security and ratifies parts of Obama’s illegal amnesty for illegal aliens. 
During the early morning, sleepdeprived portion of the Armed Services Committee NDAA hearing, the Gallego amendment, which encourages the Secretary of Defense to take military service opportunities from Americans and from lawful immigrants in order to give them to illegal aliens, passed on a close 33–30 vote. As Members ponder my amendment to strike the Gallego amendment, we should consider how much American families are struggling in an anemic job and wage market and how much the Gallego amendment makes job and income prospects for Americans even worse. 
American economy gained 5.6 million jobs in the 16 to 65 age bracket—Americanborn citizens suffered a net loss of 127,000 jobs. These job losses, combined with population growth, mean that there were 17 million more jobless Americanborn citizens than there were 14 years earlier. Hispanic Americans, African Americans, Caucasian Americans—American men and women—all lost economic ground. While Americanborn citizens suffered economic hardship, job losses, and wage suppression, foreignborn persons gained 5.7 million jobs. 
In the context of this anemic economy, GALLEGO ’s amendment to take 
military service jobs from Americans and from lawful immigrants in order to give them to illegal aliens is outrageous and unconscionable. I encourage Members to represent the interests of Americans and lawful immigrants by voting to strike the Gallego amendment from the NDAA. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
that my friend on the Rules Committee said when he said that this bill is all about issues that have to do with the national defense of our country. 
I don’t know what we are doing in Afghanistan or what we are doing in Iraq again or what we are doing in Syria now if it isn’t supposedly in the name of the national defense of our country. I mean, this is the bill considered by the Armed Services Committee. If this is not an appropriate place to talk about war and about all of the military equipment we are sending halfway around the world, then I don’t know what bill is appropriate. We are told over and over and over again that these are inappropriate vehicles in which to talk about war. This is the Armed Services Committee. This is the National Defense Authorization Act. This is the bill. This funds the wars. 
belong here. Well, where the hell does it belong? This is important stuff, and we treat war as if it is nothing. 
way, and we don’t even debate whether or not the mission is something that we support or not. This is ridiculous. This is disgraceful. It is outrageous that amendments that are germane to this bill—that the Parliamentarian tells us are germane to this bill—are denied over and over and over again. These aren’t just mine. Ms. LEEhas 
amendments on repealing the old AUMFs from 2001 to 2002—denied, denied. They are germane, but no one wants to talk about it. We are going to force you to talk about it. We are going to have a privileged resolution. We are going to force this debate. 
amendment. I have to tell you that I am always amazed at the antiimmigrant rhetoric on the other side of the aisle. The notion that we can’t allow the Secretary of Defense to make decisions on whether or not DREAMers can actually serve our country in the Armed Forces to defend our Nation is ludicrous. 
Just so people understand this, unlike a lot of things that my friends on the other side of the aisle do, this was not snuck into something. This actually went through regular order. It was actually debated and voted on by the House Armed Services Committee. They voted ‘‘yes’’ to accept it. By the way, the Army has already allowed almost 50 DREAMers to enlist in our Armed Forces. 
to find these people and tell them that they have now been discharged? 
I feel a great kind of sense of pride 
that there are people in this country who have been mostly raised in this country and who want to serve this 
country. That is something, I think, that every American takes pride in. That the rhetoric is so nasty and so demeaning, I think, is beneath what this House is about. 
against the rule that we are considering to the National Defense Authorization bill. 
last night, as you can imagine, when the Rules Committee decided not to make my amendment in order for today. 
a token thankyou to the World War II merchant mariners. These brave men suffered the highest losses of any military branch in World War II, and they did not receive veterans’ benefits under the GI Bill. 
mariners are now in their eighties and their early nineties. There are only 5,000 living today. We can’t continue with the slow wheels of bureaucracy. We can’t do a study to see if they deserve it or if we can afford it. Congress should act swiftly and with a sense of urgency. 
When final victory is ours, there is no organization that will share its credit more deservedly than the merchant marine. 
It is too late for this bill today, but 
it is sad, as we are about to vote on a bill that authorizes our defense of this country, that we couldn’t take a moment to give a token thankyou to those who were involved in the defense of this country. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
today in support of the amendment offered by my friend and colleague, MO 
simple. It keeps the immigration debate out of the national security debate. That is it. 
language during the markup to require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a review under section 504 of title 10, United States Code, relating to whether or not those who have received amnesty under President Obama’s DACA initiative should be able to enlist in the services, but that very statute already provides the Secretary of Defense the authority he or she needs to make such a determination if there is a readiness crisis. It is already there. 
him to ‘‘authorize the enlistment of a person . . . if the Secretary determines that such enlistment is vital to the national interest.’’ 
appear to be simple, a sense of Congress to some, in function it will be 
of the President’s executive overreach. Those lawyers will say, you see, even the House of Representatives has passed language that recognizes DACA. 
Mr. GOSAR. The Center for Immigration Studies agrees the Gallego language is unnecessary and is simply meant to undercut the ongoing litigation about the legality and unconstitutionality of DACA. 
If the Brooks amendment is not accepted and this language is left in the NDAA, it potentially jeopardizes passage of critical legislation. My colleagues, I have fought the President on his executive actions and will fight here again. It is our purview. Once again, I said, the House has moved three times to demonstrate that DACA is illegitimate. This should be the fourth time. I urge my colleagues to vote for the Brooks amendment, stripping the Gallego language. 
in opposition to the latest efforts by leadership to appease hardliners on immigration. Today, this body is allowing their loudest antiimmigrant voices to overrule the adoption of the Gallego amendment by none other than the Republicancontrolled Armed Services Committee, controlled by the Republican majority. Not only are they throwing their highly touted regular order out of the window, they are taking one more dive down the antiimmigrant rabbit hole. 
Arizona simply expresses a sense of the House that the Secretary of Defense should review whether recipients of deferred action should be allowed to serve in the military. It doesn’t say the military must allow them to serve. It says, let’s do a review, a study, a sense of Congress. We woke up today and this is how we feel. Remember that these same 700,000 recipients who grew up here in America, passed a criminal background check, and now have a legal work permit to reside in the United States, they are ready to risk their lives to defend the only country they know. It just says, Hey, do you guys want to take a look? 
Veasey amendment calling for a similar study of how executive actions of President Obama and prosecutorial discretion could expand the pool of potential military recruits and how enlistment of DACA applicants would impact military readiness. They missed that one. I guess NumbersUSA didn’t give you a call over on the other side or Heritage Action forgot to tell you about that provision. 
the Gallego amendment. Seeing the word ‘‘review,’’ all they heard was the 
word ‘‘amnesty.’’ If the majority party is unable to allow a nonbinding study approved by the committee of jurisdiction where they are the majority because it includes the word ‘‘immigrants’’ without slapping the amnesty label on it, how on Earth will you be able to fix our broken immigration system or win over the fastestgrowing group of voters in this country? 
who is ready to embrace immigrants and protect DREAMers and their families may as well start measuring the drapes at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and I think I know what her name is. 
SMITH of Nebraska). Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. 
minute to the gentleman from Iowa (Mr. KING), my friend. 
Mr. KING of Iowa. I thank the gentleman from Alabama for yielding. 
that neither the gentleman from Massachusetts nor the one from Chicago can quote any antiimmigrant statements from anybody over on this side. That is their tired rhetoric. It is not a fact. 
What is a fact is we initiated a lawsuit called Crane v. Napolitano clear back when these first unconstitutional acts were delivered by the President. He clearly has violated the Constitution. I don’t actually think there is any worthy debate to the contrary, and this Congress has voted three times— three times—to shut off the funding or to eliminate the President’s lawless, unconstitutional actions, Mr. Speaker. That includes June of 2013, King amendment, and very similar language in August of 2014 and January of 2015. 
So I wanted to announce to this Congress that we will stand on the Constitution. This Congress cannot send a message to ratify the President’s lawless actions. We must defend the Constitution because that is our oath, to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. His oath is to take care to faithfully execute the laws, and instead, he has done the opposite. So we have proamnesty people on the other side. 
amendment, but I will not support the NDAA if the amendment fails. 
Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). 
thank the gentleman for yielding but also for his tremendous leadership on the Committee on Rules and also just in terms of making sure that we, as Members of Congress, do our job. So thank you very much. 
rule and to the bill. I offered three bipartisan amendments to H.R. 1735, the 
National Defense Authorization Act, and I am very disappointed to say that, once again, two of my amendments to address the Authorization for Use of Military Force were not made in order. The first, offered with Representative WALTER JONES , would have repealed 
the 2001 blank check for endless war, which has been used more than 30 times, mind you, to justify military action around the world. 
Representative JONES , would have removed the unnecessary 2002 Iraq Authorization for Use of Military Force that continues to be on the books. This is years after the White House has said they no longer needed it and encouraged Congress to repeal it. 
Mr. Speaker, it is past time for Congress to live up to its constitutional obligations in matters of war and peace. We need to rip up that 2001 blank check for endless war, and we need to repeal the unnecessary 2002 Iraq AUMF instead of leaving it on the books indefinitely. 
making in order a commonsense, bipartisan amendment offered by Representatives BURGESS , SCHAKOWSKY , and myself that would require the DOD to rank all departments and defense agencies in order of how advanced they are in their audit readiness. As the only Federal agency that has yet to complete an audit, the Pentagon has never been held accountable for the potential loss of billions of dollars to waste, fraud, and abuse; so we need to bring vital congressional oversight and accountability to the Pentagon and to ensure that the Pentagon follows the law. 
troubling provisions in this bill. This bill authorized $715 million to train and equip Iraqi forces and an additional $600 million for Syrian opposition forces. That is more than a billion dollars for the now 8monthlong war against ISIL. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California. 
you how much that is. That is more than a billion dollars for the now 8 monthlong war against ISIL. That is a war that Congress has yet to debate and authorize. 
make Congress do its job and to schedule this critical debate. 
MCGOVERN for offering a privileged resolution. It is really a shame that we must do this, but we must take our heads out of the sand here and be responsible to our constituents and our country. 
the Pentagon slush fund known as the overseas contingency account; $38 billion of this would go back into the base 
simply unacceptable. Instead of continuing to use budget gimmicks to further bloat the Pentagon budget, Congress should be working to ensure accountability and transparency by forcing an audit of the Pentagon. 
BurgessSchakowskyLee amendment and to oppose the underlying bill. It is time for Congress to stop the policy of endless war and to bring some accountability to the Pentagon. 
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ). 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ) for the 
this important legislation, the FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman THORNBERRY for bringing a transformative bill to the floor that will strengthen our armed services and provide stability to the brave men and women of our military. 
which includes the text of the SESO Act, a bill I have introduced that ensures small entrepreneurs have a fair seat at the table. 
But on the other side of this dichotomy is what I fear to be a truly unfortunate path for this body to take. Included in the underlying text of this bill is language that would request the Defense Secretary study the feasibility of allowing young men and women who were brought to this country as children the opportunity to serve in our armed services. 
I am very supportive of this sentiment, Mr. Speaker, and let’s keep in mind, this is a nonbinding sense of the House. However, there are Members of this body who are threatening to vote against final passage of the NDAA if this sense of Congress isn’t stricken from the bill. 
women were brought to our great country very early in life, often by no choice of their own. They have grown up in our neighborhoods and attended the same schools as our own children. For most of these young people, the United States is the only country they have ever called home. Allowing the Secretary of Defense to consider their service in our military should be something our country is proud to support, not something that will kill this bill. 
With that, Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Brooks amendment and look forward to working with my colleagues to pass this bill that will benefit all those who serve. 
want to say I want to commend the gentleman for his very sensible remarks, and I appreciate it. 
minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ). 
here today to ask my esteemed colleagues to stand with me in declaring, Let our DREAMers serve. Let the young men and women who were brought here as children, through no fault of their own, serve their country. Let them serve the country that educated them. Let them serve the country they love. Their ability to serve benefits us all. It provides an expanded pool of willing and capable applicants helping to uphold and even increase the rigorous standards to enlist in our military. The Army recently tripled its pool of immigrant applicants, and DREAMers should be a part of that pool. 
To those who claim that this is amnesty, I have a simple message. As a Marine Corps combat veteran, I can assure you, Parris Island ain’t amnesty. As my late father, a career soldier, told me, serving your nation in uniform is the highest expression of American citizenship. From German immigrants serving in the Continental Army at Valley Forge to over 100,000 who have been naturalized through the military since 2002, immigrants have always been a part of our fighting forces. 
put their life on the line for this Nation, we should give them the opportunity and honor their willingness to serve. 
the Brooks amendment, which would strip this provision from the NDAA. 
gentleman who just spoke as well. I think we wouldn’t be having any of this debate if my friends on the other side of the aisle would have allowed us to vote on a comprehensive immigration reform package last year, the one that the Senate passed in a bipartisan way. Anyway, they chose to deny us that ability to even have a debate and a vote on that. 
rule before us today allows for an amendment that touches on a matter very personal to me, an issue that impacts our Nation on the battlefield and for families struggling with an immigration system that is certainly dysfunctional. 
that seat, I was sitting by my grandson’s side when I was sworn in as a Member of this House, one of the 
proudest days of my life. Certainly, my grandson was looking forward to it. 
DREAMers that we are debating here later today were in effect, my grandson wouldn’t be here. My granddaughter wouldn’t be here. 
South Korea when he met a girl who was serving our great Nation. They fell in love and got married. They moved back to Fort Hood, Texas, serving our country, where they had my first grandchild, one of the proudest days I have ever seen. They continued to serve our great country, raising their child, when I got a call late one night with my son crying, saying: ‘‘They are going to deport my wife.’’ 
We didn’t know she wasn’t an American. She volunteered to lay down her life for our country. My son didn’t know she wasn’t an American citizen; yet she is that DREAMer that we are talking about. She is the American Dream, one who comes to this country and decides to serve it. 
grandson is here; yet we are still debating. For the people that volunteer, the greatest thing they can do is lay down their lives for our country, and we are denying them an opportunity for them to serve our country. 
melting pot? The strength that makes our country is where we all come from. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
only knew America. As far as her memory went, she was here. She went to school with all the other kids, as you heard other people speak about. That is why I am urging us to reject what I think is one of the most cruel things we can do to those who come to our country and want to be American citizens. 
the amendment and not deny those people who want to serve our country that ability to serve. 
minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). 
to thank the Rules Committee for allowing Mr. BROOKS ’ amendment to be 
in order. I want to also address these concerns about allowing people to join the military. 
against a bill that would allow sequester, allow the gutting of our Defense Department. I said it was a mistake. I was told it would never happen. Well, it did. 
If both sides of the aisle want to find 
cuts in other programs so we can rebuild our military and let anybody that wants to join the military that is qualified, I am for it, but right now, we are gutting our military. We are telling people who have put their lives in 
up as judicial notice by the appellate courts to tell Judge Hanen in south Texas Federal court: You were wrong. We are lifting the injunction, the very injunction that our Republican leader said we were relying on in breaking our promise. 
then let’s work on building the military back up. 
would just say to the gentleman that we are not cutting the military. My friends created a slush fund so they can get around sequestration, with regard to the Pentagon. 
would like to thank the gentleman. I know a lot of hard work has gone into the preparation of the underlying bill. We are approaching Memorial Day and then celebrating Veterans Day, as we acknowledge our soldiers on the front 
Jackson Lee amendments dealing with the outreach to small businesses and minorityowned businesses with the Department of Defense to deal with HBCUs, which are very, very important in equalizing the research opportunities and working to ensure the protection of the DOD software. 
I am hopeful that we will have an opportunity to address my issue dealing with posttraumatic stress disorder. I put the first center that was not in a veterans hospital in Houston. I believe we need to realize how devastating PTSD is and ensure that we have the opportunity for more funding. 
citizens who are stuck in Yemen. We must address that. 
I also want to make sure that we do 
not strike the very favorable language dealing with our DREAMers who want to serve their country. 
We should have comprehensive immigration form. We should not vote for the MOBROOKS amendment. 
Finally, let me say, Mr. Speaker—although not dealing with this—let us acknowledge with sadness those who lost their lives in Pennsylvania and do a better job in infrastructure. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the rule for 
H.R. 1735, the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act of 2015’’ and the underlying bill. 
I would like to thank both Chairman THORN BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their 
The U.S. war on terror has been waged for 
over a decade and the lesson is clear: our adversaries adapt very quickly because they are not constrained by geographic limitations. 
the list includes Boko Haram, Al Shabaab, and ISIS/ISIL. 
must expand its capacity to meet the terrorist threat where it emerges. At the same time, we must be constantly 
searching for innovative ways to utilize defense technologies and resources for the betterment of the American people. 
2015 takes important steps toward achieving these goals, and I am proud to have authored several amendments which were made in order on this bill. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #55 calls for outreach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities prior to conversion of certain functions to contractor performance. 
Contracts issued by the Department of Defense represent a substantial portion of. 
and adoption of Jackson Lee Amendment #64, which provides guidance to the Secretary of Defense on identifying HBCUs and minority serving institutions to assist them in developing scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities. 
the coming years, both for a powerful economy and for the Department of Defense to operate at its maximum potential. 
other minority serving institutions, such as Houston’s own Texas Southern University, which have strong science and engineering programs, the DOD can greatly expand its pool of qualified applicants. 
was made in order is #125, which ensures that changes made to DOD computing systems using software bought and modified for agency operations will not result in the disruption of DOD operations. 
and other agencies has resulted in incredible breakthroughs in operations and efficiency. 
functions for the security of our nation, it is imperative that steps be taken to ensure those functions will continue unhindered by any changes to their computing systems. 
Although I am proud to have these amendments included in the NDAA of 2015, several of my other amendments were not included, each of which would have a substantial impact on the wellbeing of the men and women of the armed services as well as veterans who bravely serve our nation. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #76 calls for increased collaboration between the DOD and the National Institutes of Health to combat Triple Negative Breast Cancer. 
TNBC is a rare from of breast cancer which 
is highly difficult to detect, and which disproportionately affects African American and Hispanic women. 
it is unaffected by what are normally the most effective and targeted treatments, as well as being extremely aggressive. 
70% of women with metastatic triple negative breast cancer do not live more than five years after being diagnosed. 
874 military women were diagnosed with breast cancer between 2000 and 2011. 
that we should commit all available resources to combating this horrible condition, including those from the DOD. 
Jackson Lee Amendment #77 seeks to relieve the terrible realities of posttraumatic stress disorder by authorizing an additional 
Posttraumatic stress disorder is a devastating condition that affects an estimated 20% of veterans. 
PTSD seek assistance, and those who do often receive care that is only ‘‘minimally adequate’’. 
to lose their jobs, their homes, and even their own lives. 
rate for veterans at approximately 5,000 per year, and male veterans are more than twice as likely as civilians to attempt suicide. 
veterans under the age of 65 and 590,618 who are over the age of 65. There are over 1,689,759 veterans living in our State. 
for me, since Houston is both the third largest military retirement community in the United States and the second largest recruiting district among all the armed services. 
from us, and we must do everything in our power to ensure that they receive the proper care. 
A final issue regarding the NDAA is the concerns expressed by the White House over the spending levels and other provisions included in the bill as written. 
The administration has expressed its objection to funding levels that it considers too low and incapable of adequately providing for necessary force structure and weapon systems reforms, leading senior advisors to recommend that the President veto the bill if it leaves Congress in its current state. 
myself and by my fellow Members of Congress, as well as by the leaders in the Senate, will address the President’s concerns, and that we can resolve this impasse quickly and effectively. 
1 minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ). 
Mr. CROWLEY. I thank the gentleman from Massachusetts for yielding. 
down your life for another. It is a paraphrase. It is biblical, secular. 
DREAMers, who are American in every way possible. They have been schooled here in America, raised here in the United States. Their dream is to become American citizens, and they want to give back to a nation that has helped make them who they are. 
for his amendment and his success in committee. I want to congratulate the bipartisan Rules Committee that saw this amendment through here to the floor. I want my Republican colleagues to question the motivations of those who would try to strip this out. 
never comes to actually sacrificing one’s life, but please don’t deny those who want to help serve and protect the 
the opportunity to serve in some capacity and to sacrifice maybe their lives for this country, the country that we love, the country that they love, the only country that they have ever known. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
the brightest, and the bravest the opportunity to serve in our Nation’s Armed Forces. 
Mr. Speaker, as I said, there is a lot 
in this bill that we all support, and there is much in this bill that many of us find very objectionable. 
I still have a tough time understanding why this House refuses to deal with the fact that we are engaged in a number of wars around the world and this Congress refuses to live up to its constitutional responsibilities to deal with it. 
not the place. Well, the OCO account is in this bill. It funds some of the wars, so the bill that funds wars seems like the place you would go to talk about these wars; yet not only the amendment that I offered, along with the ranking member of the Armed Services Committee, Mr. SMITH, and W ALTER  
amendments that my colleague B ARBARA LEEof California offered on the 
AUMFs, we were told we can’t debate them—no debate. 
harm’s way, but we are not going to debate the wars. We are not going to talk about whether this is a good mission. We are not going to talk about the future of the missions. We are not going to talk about how much it is going to cost. We are not going to talk about anything. We are going to make believe that that is not part of our national defense discussion. It is unconscionable. 
For the life of me, I can’t quite understand why the leadership of this House and the leadership in the Senate refuse to do their job. If you can’t handle it, then maybe it is time to leave. 
the Gallego amendment. I remind my colleagues it is germane to this bill. This is not some extraneous thing that has nothing to do with this bill. The Parliamentarian said it is germane. The Armed Services Committee, the committee of jurisdiction, debated it. That is what committees are supposed to do. They even voted on it, which is what committees are supposed to do, and they voted ‘‘yes’’ in favor of it. 
strike it, but save all this antiimmigrant rhetoric, this nastiness. Stop belittling these men and women who came to this country as children, who know no other country than this country, who want to serve this country, who want to put their lives on the line for this country. Please don’t diminish what they want to do or what some of them are already doing. 
about immigration. It isn’t about immigration. This is about the military. The only people that are making this about immigration are my friends on the other side of the aisle, the ones that are saying: If we don’t strip the Gallego amendment from this bill, we are going to vote against the whole NDAA. 
immigrants has resulted in this kind of kneejerk reaction that we can’t support anything because of that. It is ludicrous. 
my colleagues on both sides of the aisle vote against the Brooks amendment and vote for the Gallego amendment. We can do better than this. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
As I predicted in my opening statement, we have heard a lot about a number of things that don’t have to do with the defense of the United States of America. 
the United States and the Presidents of the United States have worked together in a bipartisan fashion to pass a National Defense Authorization Act to provide for the defense of the American people, the number one job we have under the Constitution; yet we find ourselves here today literally tearing ourselves apart as a body over issues that don’t have anything to do with defending America. 
however they feel about all these issues, to understand that whether you win or lose your amendment on the committee or the floor, at the end of 
the day, we come together as Americans, and we defend our country. That is what our constituents send us here to do. If we can’t come together on that, then we are truly lost as a nation. 
I don’t think we are lost, but we wander off in places we shouldn’t go when we have debates like we have had today. It is unfortunate. 
dare say virtually everybody in this body is a descendant of immigrants. It is not even debatable that immigration is good for this country, or the vast majority of us wouldn’t even be here. That is not the point of this bill. The point of this bill is to defend the country. 
We heard a lot about the OCO account. It was called a slush fund. This President and Presidents before him have asked for an OCO account every year since it was first created. Not once has it been a slush fund. It has been used to defend the United States of America, as the OCO account that is in this bill will be used to defend the United States of America. The gentleman from Massachusetts 
has been around here longer than I have, but I am sure he knows that the primary jurisdiction of the House for an AUMF—and this Congress—is with the Foreign Affairs Committee, not with the Armed Services Committee that was the committee of jurisdiction on this bill. 
working on an AUMF, but they are waiting for information from the White House, which they haven’t gotten yet. 
from the White House, get to work on the AUMF, and get it to this floor in the appropriate vehicle, but the National Defense Authorization Act is not the appropriate vehicle and so ruled the Rules Committee, and that is what is in this rule. 
I have heard a lot of talk about what 
is germane to the bill and what is not germane to the bill. This is not about germaneness. This is about a central function of the Federal Government. It is about defending the American people. 
As I stand here today during this debate, I am reminded of the great sacrifices our men and women in uniform and their families make on a daily basis so that we may continue to debate and deliberate in an open way. 
foundation of our democracy, and we owe that to our Nation’s military. The least we can do is honor that tradition of service and sacrifice by continuing the bipartisan tradition of passing an NDAA for the 54th straight year. 
that want to vote against the bill because there is something in the there they don’t like about immigration or people on the other side are trying to make a partisan point by telling their side, ‘‘Don’t vote for the bill because of OCO,’’ or because we are worried about what it might do to domestic policy programs, we need to put that out of our minds. 
amendments are added or not added to this bill, it is our job to pass this bill to defend the country. 
for partisan disagreement down the road, but not on this issue. At this time, we need to come together, not as Democrats, not as Republicans, but as Americans. 
these amendments, all 135 of them, but most importantly, let’s pass this act. Let’s give our military men and women the resources they need to do their job. 
of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the resolution will be followed by 5minute votes on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 1191; and the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2297. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 181, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger 
Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
JACKSON LEE, Messrs. CARNEY and GARAMENDI changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
many of us are taught that death can come unexpectedly, like a thief in the 
night. The thief came to Texas and Arkansas this past weekend in the form of deadly tornadoes and flash floods. 
were left two dead in Nashville, Arkansas; one in Cisco, Texas; one in Corsicana, Texas; and in the Fifth District that I am proud to represent, one in Henderson County, Texas, and two next door in Van Zandt County, Van, Texas. They have left families, they have left friends, and they have left great holes in their communities that cannot be filled. 
were many who are left injured, and in the case of Van, Texas, onethird of the town is either damaged or destroyed by tornado. 
the future of Van, Texas, as the Member of Congress, I can tell you you need not worry. The citizens of Van, I know their resilience, I know their values, I know their faith, and I know their can do optimism. Van, Texas, will be rebuilt. 
Congressman B ARTON of Texas, Congressman B URGESS of Texas, and Congressman C ONAWAY of Texas. Their districts were hit. Lives were lost in their districts as well. 
called upon to vote, we are called upon to speak, we are called upon to lead, and there are times we are called upon to mourn. In many of our faiths, we are taught there is a time for everything, including a time to mourn. Now is that time. 
well, I would ask that all Americans remember these good citizens in their prayers and their thoughts. Mr. Speaker, I would ask that the House join us in honoring those who perished by observing a moment of silence. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 1191) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 400, nays 25, not voting 7, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell 
Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Babin Blumenauer Brat Buck Burgess Collins (GA) Conyers DeFazio Ellison Farenthold 
Fleming Garrett Gohmert Harris Hudson Huelskamp Johnson (GA) Jordan Massie 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. CAPPS. Mr. Speaker, I was not able to 
be present for the following rollcall votes and would like the record to reflect that I would have voted as follows: rollcall No. 225: ‘‘no,’’ rollcall No. 226: ‘‘yes,’’ rollcall No. 227: ‘‘yes.’’ MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
DATE OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY REFORM ACT OF 2014 
ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2252) to clarify the effective date of certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF THE BORDER PATROL AGENT PAY REFORM ACT OF 2014. 
Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–277) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to insert extraneous material on H.R. 1735. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 260 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. POE(Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, May 13, 2015, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 255 had expired. 
further general debate shall be in order. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Armed Services, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–14. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled,&caret; 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’. 
authority for Arleigh Burke class destroyers and associated systems. 
Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet special operations requirements. 
industrial capability assessments of a determination about defense acquisition program requirements. 
to enter into a contract for the sustainment, maintenance, repair, or other overhaul of the F117 engine. 
foreign entities that could be manufactured in United States arsenals or depots. 
authorized to be on active duty for operational support. 
excluded from an allfullyqualifiedofficers list because of administrative error. 
component special selection boards as limited to correction of error at a mandatory promotion board. 
regarding key positions disqualifying Federal officials from continued service in the Ready Reserve. 
and equipment requirements for the nonFederalized National Guard to support civilian authorities in prevention and response to noncatastrophic domestic disasters. 
pilot programs on career flexibility to enhance retention of members of the Armed Forces. 
record to reflect change in gender identity after separation from the Armed Forces. 
regarding Secretary of Defense review of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces. 
former dependents of members and former members of the Armed Forces. 
related offenses of the availability of assistance from Special Victims’ Counsel. 
preliminary hearing under Article 32 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
for conviction of certain sexrelated offenses committed by members of the Armed Forces. 
members of the Armed Forces who report or intervene on behalf of the victim in instances of sexual assault. 
Martial to require consistent preparation of the full record of trial. 
annual reports regarding Department of Defense sexual assault prevention and response. 
of mental health records of Department of Defense medical treatment facilities in cases involving any sexrelated offense. 
mobilization duty authorities exempt from fiveyear limit on reemployment rights of persons who serve in the uniformed services. 
credentialing for skills required for certain military occupational specialties. 
local educational agencies that benefit dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees. 
family support programs for immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. 
DEERS to track dependents of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian employees who are elementary or secondary education students. 
for dependents of members of the Armed Forces attending specialized camps. 
of the military departments regarding revocation of combat valor awards. 
the Armed Forces who were victims of the Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, bombing. 
Institute of Technology to charge and retain tuition for instruction of persons other than Air Force personnel detailed for instruction at the Institute. 
suicide prevention organizations and agencies to assist in reducing suicides. 
transportation allowance for survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces from the Vietnam conflict. 
contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration for members of the Armed Forces and military dependents at military treatment facilities. 
functions of the Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces. 
to be submitted by offeror in procurement of major weapon systems as commercial items. 
risk management in development of major defense acquisition programs and major systems. 
to determination of contract type for major defense acquisition programs and major systems. 
qualified HUBZone small business concerns located in a base closure area. 
the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff review of the unified command plan. 
functions of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force development activities. 
performed by civilian or contractor personnel to performance by military personnel. 
National Nuclear Security Administration to sustain nuclear weapons modernization and naval reactors. 
inactivation of Ticonderoga class cruisers or dock landing ships. 
the transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
documents relating to transfer of individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
documents relating to the transfer of certain individuals detained at Guantanamo to Qatar. 
64 Apache helicopters from Army National Guard to regular Army and related personnel levels. 
for modifying command and control of United States Pacific Fleet. 
firearms to Corporation for the Promotion of Rifle Practice and Firearms Safety . 
transportation costs incurred by Secretary of Defense for congressional trips outside the United States. 
Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclearpowered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan. 
for certain positions at Department of Defense research and engineering facilities. 
reserve components of the armed forces appointed to competitive service; clarification of appeal rights. 
products and services produced in countries along a major route of supply to Afghanistan. 
assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. 
of Iran’s nuclear program and its malign military activities. 
in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Russian 
testing, production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the ClubK cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
70th anniversary of the end of Allied military engagement in the Pacific theater. 
for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation. 
to prevent and respond to gender based violence globally. 
destruction of existing stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions. 
Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
for Distributed Common Ground System of the United States Special Operations Command. 
for Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. 
the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands. 
protections relating to reporting on cyber incidents or penetrations of networks and information systems of certain contractors. 
cooperation and collaboration between United States and United Kingdom on nuclear issues. 
defense systems of China into missile defense systems of United States. 
defense systems of Russian Federation into missile defense systems of United States and NATO. 
for Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army. 
air and missile defense capabilities of the United States. 
base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense base closure account. 
thresholds for reserve facility expenditures and contributions to reflect congressional notification thresholds for minor construction and repair projects. 
contributions from Kuwait for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
conditional gifts of real property on behalf of military service academies. 
infrastructure in connection with realignment of Marine Corps forces in AsiaPacific region. 
Japan contributions toward realignment of Marine Corps forces in AsiaPacific region. 
in connection with land conveyance, Fort Bliss Military Reservation, Texas. 
for fixed site radiological portal monitors in foreign countries. 
for provision of defense nuclear nonproliferation assistance to Russian Federation. 
national security aspects of the Merchant Marine for fiscal year 2016. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. 
delegation of milestone decision authority for the AN/TPQ–53 radar program to the Program Executive Officer for Missiles and Space; and 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall issue guidance regarding the fielding of upgraded UH–60 Blackhawk helicopters to units of the Army National Guard. Such guidance shall prioritize for such fielding the units of the Army National Guard with assigned UH– 60 helicopters that have the most flight hours and the highest annual usage rates within the UH–60 fleet of the Army National Guard, consistent with the force generation unit readiness requirements of the Army. 
REPLACEMENT OF UH–60A BLACKHAWK HELICOPTERS OF ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
Not later than March 1, 2016, the Secretary of 
the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing detailed options for the potential acceleration of the replacement of all UH–60A helicopters of the Army National Guard by not later than September 30, 2020. The report shall include the following: 
affect such acceleration, including with respect to the production schedules for the other variants of the UH–60 helicopter. 
on the planned replacement of all UH–60A helicopters of the regular components of the Armed Forces by September 30, 2025. 
resources required to train members of the National Guard to operate and maintain UH–60M aircraft in order to achieve such replacement of all UH60A helicopters by September 30, 2020. 
materiel and equipment in support of the construction of the Ford class aircraft carriers designated CVN–80 and CVN–81 in economic order quantities when cost savings are achievable. 
may carry out the nuclear refueling and complex overhaul of each of the following Nimitz class aircraft carriers: 
FUNDS FOR EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS UPGRADES FOR C–20 AND C–37 AIRCRAFT. 
for the national security interests of the United States; and 
FORRETIREMENT .—Except as provided by section 132, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any A–10 aircraft. 
Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure the Air Force maintains a minimum of 171 A–10 aircraft designated as primary mission aircraft inventory. 
FORSIGNIFICANT REDUCTIONS IN MANNING LEVELS.—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to make significant reductions to manning levels with respect to any A– 10 aircraft squadrons or divisions. 
Force shall commission an appropriate entity outside the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the A–10 aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
aircraft mission set to include troopsincontact/ close air support, air interdiction, strike control and reconnaissance, and combat search and rescue support in both contested and uncontested battle environments. At a minimum, the needs analysis should specifically address the following areas: 
(II) The ability to effectively target and destroy moving, camouflaged, or dugin troops, and artillery. 
tanks and armored personnel carriers, including with respect to the carrying capacity of armor piercing weaponry, including mounted cannons and missiles. 
of friendly forces and targets to facilitate responsiveness to ground forces and minimize re attack times. 
(VI) The ability of the pilot and aircraft to 
survive direct hits from small arms, machine guns, MANPADs, and lower caliber antiaircraft artillery organic or attached to enemy ground forces and maneuver units. 
with ground forces and downed pilots, including in communications jamming or satellitedenied environments. 
(IX) The ability to deliver multiple lethal firing passes and sustain long loiter endurance to support friendly forces throughout extended ground engagements. 
dirt, grass, and narrow road runways and to generate high sortie rates under these austere conditions. 
FORRETIREMENT .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, or place in storage or on backup aircraft inventory status any EC–130H aircraft. 
Force shall commission an assessment of the required capabilities or mission platform to replace the EC–130H aircraft. This assessment would represent preparatory work to inform an analysis of alternatives. 
130H aircraft electronic warfare mission set to include suppression of sophisticated enemy air defense systems, advanced radar jamming, avoiding radar detection, communications, sensing, satellite navigation, command and control, and battlefield awareness. 
more sophisticated air defenses and advanced commercial digital electronic devices which counter the airborne electronic attack capabilities of the United States by state and nonstate actors. 
EC–130H fleet to meet to meet tasking requirements of the combatant commanders. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Air Force may be obligated or expended during such fiscal year to divest or transfer, or prepare to divest or transfer, KC–10 aircraft. 
the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that provides a detailed test and evaluation plan to address the effectiveness, suitability, and survivability shortfalls of the joint battle command–platform identified by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation in the fiscal year 2014 report of the Director submitted to Congress. 
MH–6 MISSION ENHANCED LITTLE BIRD AIRCRAFT TO MEET SPECIAL OPERATIONS REQUIREMENTS. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy for replacing A/MH–6 Mission Enhanced Little Bird aircraft to meet the rotarywing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
wing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements and platforms particular to special operations, including key performance parameters of future platforms. 
platforms satisfying future rotarywing, light attack, reconnaissance requirements particular to special operations. 
shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability to conduct an assessment of the anticipated future demands of the combat logistics force ships of the Navy and the challenges such ships may face when conducting and supporting future naval operations in contested maritime environments. 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support the Navy and the naval forces of allies of the United States that are operating in a dispersed manner and not concentrated in carrier or expeditionary strike groups, in accordance with the concept of distributed lethality of the Navy. 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support the Navy and the naval forces of allies of the United States that are engaged in major combat operations against an adversary possessing maritime antiaccess and areadenial capabilities, including antiship ballistic and cruise missiles, landbased maritime strike aircraft, submarines, and sea mines. 
of the United States Combat Logistic Force to support distributed and expeditionary air operations from an expanded set of alternative and austere air bases in accordance with concepts under development by the Air Force and the Marine Corps. 
OF ENHANCED 5.56 MM AMMUNITION BY THE ARMY AND THE MARINE CORPS. 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the use in combat of two different types of enhanced 5.56 mm ammunition by the Army and the Marine Corps. 
Army and the Marine Corps to use in combat two different types of enhanced 5.56 mm ammunition. 
that have resulted from the use of such different types of ammunition. 
Army or the Marine Corps to eventually transition to using in combat one standard type of enhanced 5.56 mm ammunition. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation as specified in the funding table in section 4201. 
the congressional defense committees a report on the advanced development and manufacturing activities under the medical countermeasure program that includes the following: 
and efficiency reviews conducted by the Secretary that justifies the manufacturing and privately financed construction of an advanced manufacturing and development facility rather than using other programs and facilities of the Federal Government or industry facilities for advanced development and manufacturing of medical countermeasures. 
FUNDS FOR F–15 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT. 
the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the requirements and cost estimates for the development and procurement of infrared search and track capability for F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft of the Navy and the Air Force. The report shall include the following: 
the F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track development efforts of the Navy and the Air Force. 
the F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track capability development efforts of the Navy and the Air Force. 
and the Air Force to field different F/A–18 and F–15 aircraft infrared search and track systems. 
shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the F135 engine program. 
and cost reduction efforts with respect to the F135 engine program, including— 
cost challenges to the program as of the date of the assessment; and 
design changes needed to address such root cause; and 
is amended by inserting after ‘‘mathematics,’’ the following: ‘‘technology transfer or transition,’’. 
HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY SERVING INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION. 
departments shall each develop a strategy for how to engage with and support the development of scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities of covered educational institutions in carrying out section 2362 of title 10, United States Code. 
engineering, and mathematics capabilities at covered educational institutions, including with respect to measuring progress towards increasing the success of such institutions to compete for broader research funding sources other than setaside funds. 
used to develop, maintain, and grow scientific, technical, engineering, and mathematics capabilities. 
and postgraduate students at covered educational institutions for inclusion into research or internship opportunities within the military department. 
carried out individually or jointly by the military departments under the plan. 
including with respect to directedenergy weapons, hypersonic strike systems, autonomous systems, or other technologies as determined by the Secretary. 
and providing feedback both to the developers of the advanced weapons technology and the military departments. 
AUTONOMIC LOGISTICS INFORMATION SYSTEM FOR F–35 LIGHTENING II AIRCRAFT. 
Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the autonomic logistics information system for the F–35 Lightening II aircraft program. 
equipped with various software and hardware configurations, for the autonomic logistics information system element of the F–35 Lightening II aircraft program, as of the date of the report. 
the autonomic logistics information system, and an assessment of the ability of the F–35 Lightening II aircraft program to maintain such schedule. 
other personnel involved in operating and maintaining F–35 Lightening II aircraft in testing and operational units. 
required for maintenance personnel to input data and use the autonomic logistics information system. 
fielding of the autonomic logistics information system program and an assessment of the capability of the program to address performance problems within the planned resources. 
and costs for the shallow water combat submersible program. 
the period beginning with the delivery of additional articles and ending on the full operational capability date. 
Commander of the United States Special Operations Command determine appropriate. TITLE III—OPERATION AND 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
waiver under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees notice of the waiver. Any such notice shall include each of the following: 
blended liquid hydrocarbon fuel designed as a direct replacement for a traditional fuel with comparable performance characteristics and compatible with existing infrastructure and equipment. 
military operations, including training, exercises, large scale demonstrations, and moving and sustaining military forces and military platforms; and 
commodity price of the fuel plus the total cost of all personnel and assets required to move and, when necessary, protect the fuel from the point at which the fuel is received from the commercial supplier to the point of use.’’. 
631 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Navy shall establish areas, to be known as ‘Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas’, for national defense purposes. Such areas shall include each of the following: 
SPECIES ACT OF 1973 .—Sections 4 and 9 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533, 1538) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
102 of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371, 1372) shall not apply with respect to the incidental taking of any southern sea otter in the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas in the course of conducting a military readiness activity. 
readiness activity, any southern sea otter while within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas shall be treated for the purposes of section 7 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1536) as a member of a species that is proposed to be listed as an endangered species or a threatened species under section 4 of the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1533). 
any other Federal law shall be construed to require that any southern sea otter located within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas be removed from the Areas. 
shall conduct monitoring and research within the Southern Sea Otter Military Readiness Areas to determine the effects of military readiness activities on the growth or decline of the southern sea otter population and on the near shore ecosystem. Monitoring and research parameters and methods shall be determined in consultation with the Service. 
term ‘optimum sustainable population’ means, with respect to any population stock, the number of animals that will result in the maximum productivity of the population or the species, keeping in mind the carrying capacity of the habitat and the health of the ecosystem of which they form a constituent element.’’. 
Public Law 99–625 (16 U.S.C. 1536 note) is repealed. 
REQUIRED REVIEW OF PROJECTS RELATING TO POTENTIAL OBSTRUCTIONS TO AVIATION SO AS TO APPLY ONLY TO ENERGY PROJECTS. 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4200; 49 U.S.C. 44718 note) is amended— 
and local officials or the developer of a renewable energy development or other energy project’’ and inserting ‘‘from a State government, an Indian tribal government, a local government, a landowner, or the developer of an energy project’’; 
and’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘readiness and to clearly communicate actions being taken by the Department of Defense to the party requesting an early project review under this section.’’; 
that provides for the generation or transmission of electrical energy. 
other legal entity that owns a fee interest in real property on which a proposed energy project is planned to be located.’’. 
Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 42 U.S.C. 17142) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘This section shall not apply to the Department of Defense.’’. 
The Secretary of Defense may not enter into a 
contract for the planning, design, refurbishing, or construction of a biofuels refinery any other facility or infrastructure used to refine biofuels unless such planning, design, refurbishing, or construction is specifically authorized by law. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2463 the following new section: 
Contract Support’’’) or successor guidance, consistent with the needs of the Department with respect to factors other than cost, including quality, reliability, and timeliness. 
of a new requirement that is inherently governmental, closely associated with inherently governmental functions, critical, or required by law to be performed by members of the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilian employees. 
as affecting the requirements of the Department of Defense under policies and procedures established by the Secretary of Defense under section 129a of this title for determining the most appropriate and costefficient mix of military, civilian, and contractor personnel to perform the mission of the Department of Defense. 
assigned to a Department of Defense civilian employee consistent with the requirements of this section— 
the size of the civilian workforce in terms of man years, end strength, fulltime equivalent positions, or maximum number of employees; or 
pay or benefits or require a reduction in civilian fulltime equivalents or civilian endstrengths; and 
such requirement without regard to whether the employee is a temporary, term, or permanent employee. 
‘‘2463a. Assignment of certain new requirements based on determinations of costefficiency.’’. 
AND INDUSTRIAL CAPABILITY ASSESSMENTS OF A DETERMINATION ABOUT DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
Section 341 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. 
‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113– 291; 128 Stat. 3345) is amended— 
for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and all that follows through ‘‘is paying’’ and inserting ‘‘Senior Acquisition Executive of the Air Force has determined that the Air Force has obtained sufficient data to establish that the Air Force is paying’’; and 
FROM FOREIGN ENTITIES THAT COULD BE MANUFACTURED IN UNITED STATES ARSENALS OR DEPOTS. 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the improved management and oversight of the systems, processes, and controls involved in the disposition of excess nonmission essential equipment and materiel by the Defense Logistics Agency Disposition Services. 
for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2016, as follows: 
in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. 
units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
(dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2016 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: 
status technicians employed by the Army Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 595. 
dual status technicians employed by the Air Force Reserve as of September 30, 2016, may not exceed 90. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘or whose name was not placed on an 
MANDATORY RETIREMENT FOR AGE OF A GENERAL OR FLAG OFFICER SERVING AS CHIEF OR DEPUTY CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS OF THE ARMY, NAVY, OR AIR FORCE. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
1253 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
at the beginning of chapter 63 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 1253 and inserting the following new item: 
GENERAL RECOMMENDATION ON THE DEFINITION AND AVAILABILITY OF COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICERS AND THEIR AIDES. 
Defense shall direct the Director, Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness and the Secretaries of the military departments, to define the costs that could be associated with general and flag officers, such as security details, Government air travel, enlisted and officer aide housing costs, additional support staff, official residences, and any other associated costs incurred due to the nature of their position, for the purpose of providing a consistent approach to estimating and managing the full costs associated with these officers and aides. 
than June 30, 2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report describing the costs associated 
with general and flag officers and their enlisted and officer aides. 
Section 10149 of title 10, United States Code, is 
key position whose mobilization in an emergency would seriously impair the capability of the parent Federal agency or office to function effectively are not retained in the Ready Reserve.’’; and 
or any official specified in the order of presidential succession in section 19 of title 3. 
III Judge, who is a member of the Ready Reserve and desires to remain in the Ready Reserve, must have his or her position reviewed by the Chief Judge of the affected Judge’s Circuit. If the Chief Judge determines that mobilization of the Article III Judge concerned will not seriously impair the capability of the Judge’s court to function effectively, the Chief Judge will provide a certification to that effect to the Secretary concerned. Concurrently, the affected Judge will provide a statement to the Secretary concerned requesting continued service in the Ready Reserve and acknowledging that he or she may be involuntarily called to active duty under the laws of the United States and the directives and regulations of the Department of Defense and pledging not to seek to be excused from such orders based upon his or her judicial duties. 
Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘reductions’’ the following: ‘‘(including temporary reductions by furlough or otherwise)’’. 
TRAINING, AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS FOR THE NONFEDERALIZED NATIONAL GUARD TO SUPPORT CIVILIAN AUTHORITIES IN PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO NONCATASTROPHIC DOMESTIC DISASTERS. 
prevention, protection, mitigation, response, and recovery activities in connection with natural and manmade disasters, as collected by the Department of Homeland Security from the States. 
risk assessments of the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security, and the States. 
at the beginning of chapter 1011 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 10504 and inserting the following new section: 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
operational use of the National Guard and recognizes that the basic premise of both the National Incident Management System and the National Response Framework is that— 
units of the National Guard shall be authorized to support firefighting operations, missions, or activities, including aerial firefighting employment of the Modular Airborne Firefighting System (MAFFS), undertaken in support of a civilian authority or a State or Federal agency. 
the principal military authority, when acting in his or her State capacity, and has the primary authority to mobilize members and units of the 
National Guard of the State in any duty status under this title the adjutant general deems appropriate to employ necessary forces when funds to perform such operations, missions, or activities are reimbursed.’’. 
Chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, is 
such policies and procedures for the armed forces under their respective jurisdictions as the Secretary considers necessary to carry out this chapter. 
manpower utilization and expenditure of appropriations, each order shall cite the purpose of the order to active duty as provided under subchapter III of this chapter. 
component shall not be ordered to active duty or retained on active duty beyond the limitations and restrictions specified in the purpose of the order to active duty. 
member to serve on active duty changes, the order to active duty shall be amended to cite the new purpose and applicable funding code, but the member shall remain on the same order to active duty. 
member is released from active duty and subsequently ordered to active duty or fulltime National Guard duty with a break in service of 24 hours or fewer, the period of service shall be treated as continuous Federal service for the purposes of pay and benefits, unless otherwise specified in law. 
Federal service the militia of any State, and use such of the armed forces, as the President considers necessary for the purposes specified in chapter 15 of this title. 
Federal service for the purposes specified in section 331 of this title shall only be made upon the request of the legislature of a State or of the Governor of a State if the legislature cannot be convened. 
The President may call into Federal service members and units of the National Guard of any State in such numbers as the President considers necessary for the purposes specified in section 12406 of this title. 
shall be for duration of at least two hours. 
in any law, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to inactive duty training, as such term applies to members of the reserve components of the uniformed services, shall be deemed to be a reference to inactive duty. 
this subsection the term ‘‘uniformed services’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. 
Chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, is 
of national emergency declared by the President after January 1, 1953, or when otherwise authorized by law, an authority designated by the Secretary concerned may, without the consent of the persons concerned, order any unit, and any member not assigned to a unit organized to serve as a unit, in the Ready Reserve under the jurisdiction of that Secretary to active duty under section 12341 of this title for not more 
than 24 consecutive months. Not more than 1,000,000 members of the Ready Reserve may be on active duty, without their consent, under this section at any one time. 
attack in the United States that results, or could result, in significant loss of life or property. 
200,000 members of the Selected Reserve and the Individual Ready Reserve may be on active duty pursuant to this subsection at any one time, of whom not more than 30,000 may be members of the Individual Ready Reserve. 
may, without the consent of the persons affected, order any unit, and any member not assigned to a unit organized to serve as a unit, in an active status in a reserve component under the jurisdiction of that Secretary to active duty under section 12341 of this title for not more than 15 days a year. However, units and members of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States may not be ordered to active duty under this subsection without the consent of the governor of the State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia National Guard, the commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard). The consent of a Governor may not be withheld (in whole or in part) with regard to active duty outside the United States, its territories, and its possessions, because of any objection to the location, purpose, type, or schedule of such active duty. 
provision of law, the President may order to active duty under section 12341 of this title any member of the Ready Reserve of an armed force who— 
‘‘(iii) has not served on active duty for a total 
of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States who fails in any year to perform satisfactorily the training duty prescribed by or under law for members of the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard, as the case may be, as determined by the Secretary concerned, may, upon the request of the Governor of the State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia, the commanding general of the District of Columbia National Guard) be ordered, without the member’s consent, to perform additional active duty for training under section 12341 of this title for not more than 45 days. A member ordered to active duty under this subsection shall be ordered to duty as a Reserve of the Army or as a Reserve of the Air Force, as the case may be. However, the consent of a Governor may not be withheld (in whole or in part) with regard to active duty outside the United States, its territories, and its possessions, because of any objection to the location, purpose, type, or schedule of such active duty. 
component may be ordered to active duty under section 12341 of this title without the member’s consent if the Secretary concerned determines that the member is in a captive status. A member 
ordered to active duty under this section may not be retained on active duty, without the member’s consent, for more than 30 days after the member’s captive status is terminated. 
Reserve may be ordered without the member’s consent to muster duty under section 12343 of this title one time each year. A member ordered to muster duty under this section shall be required to perform a minimum of two hours of muster duty on the day of muster. The muster duty shall be subject to the following requirements: 
member may be required to devote to muster duty under this section, including roundtrip travel to and from the location of that duty, may not total more than one day each calendar year. 
not be credited in determining entitlement to, or in computing, retired pay under chapter 1223 of this title. 
to assure such sharing of exposure to hazards as the national security and military requirements will reasonably allow; 
term ‘weapon of mass destruction’ has the meaning given that term in section 1403 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2302). 
drills or training periods during each year pursuant to section 12343 of this title and serve on active duty for training under section 12341 of 
this title for not less than 14 days (exclusive of travel time) during each year; or 
section 12341 of this title for not more than 30 days during each year. 
member who has served on active duty for one year or longer may not be required to perform a period of active duty for training if the first day of that period falls during the last 120 days of the member’s required membership in the Ready Reserve. 
designated by the Secretary concerned may order a member of a reserve component under his jurisdiction to active duty under section 12341 of this title, or retain the member on active duty, with the consent of that member for training, to provide operational support or perform other duty as determined by the Secretary concerned. 
GUARD .—However, a member of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States may not be ordered to active duty under this subsection without the consent of the Governor or other appropriate authority of the State concerned. The consent of a Governor may not be withheld (in whole or in part) with regard to active duty outside the United States, its territories, and its possessions, because of any objection to the location, purpose, type, or schedule of such active duty. 
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of a military department may, with the consent of the member, order a member of a reserve component to active duty under section 12341 of this title— 
INJURY , ILLNESS OR DISEASE .—A member of a 
ordered to active duty under this subsection may, with the member’s consent, be retained on active duty, if the Secretary concerned considers it appropriate, for medical treatment for a condition associated with the study or evaluation, if that treatment of the member is otherwise authorized by law. 
GUARD .—However, a member of the Army National Guard of the United States or the Air National Guard of the United States may not be ordered to active duty under this subsection without the consent of the Governor or other appropriate authority of the State concerned. 
pursuant to section 12341 of this title to perform Active Guard and Reserve duty to organize, administer, recruit, instruct, or train the reserve components. 
Supporting operations or missions assigned in whole or in part to the reserve components. 
than one component of the same armed force; or 
reserve component assignment is in a position in an element of the joint forces unit. 
or training in the United States, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or possessions of the United States of— 
the same authorities and restrictions applicable to activeduty members providing such instruction or training); 
or threatened use of a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 1403 of the Defense Against Weapons of Mass Destruction Act of 1996 (50 U.S.C. 2302) in the United States. 
‘‘(ii) TERRORIST ATTACK OR THREATENED TER RORIST ATTACK .—A terrorist attack or threatened terrorist attack in the United States that results, or could result, in catastrophic loss of life or property. 
intentional or unintentional release of nuclear, biological, radiological, or toxic or poisonous chemical, materials in the United States that results, or could result, in catastrophic loss of life or property. 
natural or manmade disaster in the United States that results in, or could result in, catastrophic loss of life or property. 
subsection, the term ‘United States’ includes the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands. 
described in this subsection may be provided training consistent with training provided to other members on active duty, as the Secretary concerned sees fit. 
for chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘ AND OTHER DUTY ’’ 
by inserting ‘‘, which regulations shall conform to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for Reserve component members,’’ after ‘‘as the case may be,’’; and 
by inserting ‘‘to fulltime National Guard duty’’ after ‘‘be ordered’’; and 
armed forces pursuant to section 1491 of title 10.’’; 
time National Guard duty shall not be performed on land outside the United States, its territories or possessions. 
manpower utilization and expenditure of appropriations, each order to fulltime National Guard duty shall cite the purpose of the call or order as provided in this section or section 112, 114, 316, 503, 504, 505, 509, or 904 of this title. 
the member to serve on fulltime National Guard duty changes, the order to fulltime National Guard duty shall be amended to cite the new purpose and applicable funding code, but the member shall remain on the same order to full time National Guard duty. 
member is released from fulltime National Guard duty and subsequently ordered to active duty with a break in service of 24 hours or fewer, the period of service shall be treated as continuous Federal service for the purposes of pay and benefits unless otherwise specified in law.’’; and 
1491 of title 10, or perform other inactive duty as 
DANGER AREA .—Inactive duty shall not be performed in designated hostile fire or imminent danger area. 
shall not be performed on land outside the United States, its territories or possessions. 
As directed by the Secretary concerned, a member performing funeral honors functions may be paid— 
(ii) by striking ‘‘funeral honors duty (as described in section 12503 of title 10 and section 115 of title 32)’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors functions (as described in section 12353 of title 10 and section 114 of title 32)’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘505 of title 32’’ and inserting 
(II) by inserting ‘‘, or other activities that a 
member may perform when authorized by the designated authority’’ before the period. 
12342 of this title for the purpose specified in’’ after ‘‘Federal service under’’; 
12342 of this title for the purpose specified in’’ after ‘‘ Federal service under’’; and 
the purpose specified in section’’ after ‘‘active duty under section’’. 
is amended by inserting ‘‘under section 12342 of this title’’ after ‘‘call into Federal service’’. 
is amended by inserting ‘‘under section 12342 of this title’’ after ‘‘call into Federal service’’. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘12341 of this title for the purpose specified in section’’ after ‘‘on active duty under section’’. 
10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘section 12341 for the purpose described in’’ after ‘‘on active duty under’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
the commencement of inactive duty, or while remaining overnight between successive periods of 
inactive duty, at or in the vicinity of the site of 
the inactive duty, if the site is outside reasonable commuting distance of the member’s residence;’’; and 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
2031 of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
12602 of title 10, United States Code, are each amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10147’’ and inserting ‘‘12352’’. 
section 1404 of the Defense Dependents’ Education Act of 1978 (20 U.S.C. 923) is amended— 
of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 3121) is amended— 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
is amended by striking ‘‘may not be considered to be a period of drill or training, but may be performed as funeral honors duty under section 115 of this title.’’ and inserting ‘‘may be performed under section 502 of this title.’’. 
striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty for training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
320 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘INACTIVE DUTYTRAINING ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NACTIVE DUTY’’. 
title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactiveduty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘funeral honors duty as authorized by section 12503 of title 10 or section 115 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors functions as provided under section 12353 of title 10 or section 114 of title 32’’; and 
(II) by inserting ‘‘for a purpose specified’’ following ‘‘National Guard’’; and 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘funeral honors duty as authorized by section 12503 of title 10 or section 115 of title 32’’ and inserting ‘‘funeral honors functions as provided under section 12353 of title 10 or section 114 of title 32’’. 
each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘or inactive duty’’; and 
striking ‘‘on inactive duty training’’ and inserting ‘‘performing inactive duty’’; and 
duty training’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘inactive duty’’. 
of the Military Selective Service Act (50 U.S.C. App. 456) is amended— 
striking ‘‘under section 10147’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to section 12352’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
‘‘1204. Members on active duty for 30 days or 
‘‘1206. Members on active duty for 30 days or 
subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item related to section 1475 and inserting the following: 
active duty or inactive duty and of certain other persons.’’. 
chapter 1005 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 10147 and 10148. 
chapter 1209 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Corps Reserve, Air Force Reserve: order to active duty to provide assistance in response to a major disaster or emergency. 
for preplanned missions in support of the combatant commands. 
‘‘12305. Authority of President to suspend certain laws relation to promotion, retirement, and separation. 
‘‘12306. Standby Reserve. ‘‘12307. Retired Reserve. ‘‘12308. Retention after becoming qualified for 
‘‘12311. Active duty agreements. ‘‘12312. Active duty agreements: release from 
‘‘12313. Reserves: release from active duty. ‘‘12314. Reserves: kinds of duty. 
‘‘12315. Reserves: duty with or without pay. ‘‘12316. Payment of certain Reserves while on 
‘‘12320. Reserve officers: grade in which ordered to active duty. 
‘‘12341. Active duty. ‘‘12342. Call to Federal service. ‘‘12343. Inactive duty. 
chapter 1213 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 12503. 
chapter 1215 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 12552. 
chapter 1217 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items related to sections 12603 and 12604 and inserting the following: 
‘‘12603. Attendance at inactive duty assemblies: commercial travel at Federal supply schedule rates. 
‘‘12604. Billeting in Department of Defense facilities: Reserves attending inactive duty.’’. 
chapter 1805 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item related to section 18505 and inserting the following: 
title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to chapter 5 and inserting the following new item: 
chapter 1 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 115. 
chapter 5 of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 502 and inserting the following: 
by this subtitle shall take effect on October 1, 2017. 
defense committees a plan regarding provision of the recruitment incentive, which includes— 
the purpose of the incentive and the potential recruits to be addressed by the incentive; 
and 37, United States Code, from which the incentive would require a waiver and the rationale to support the waiver; 
The Secretary of a military department may not provide more than three recruitment incentives under the authority of this section. 
RECEIVING INCENTIVES .—The number of individuals who receive one or more of the recruitment 
the authority to provide recruitment incentives under this section expires on December 31, 2020. 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is further amended— 
REQUIREMENTS FOR CHANGE IN GROUND COMBAT EXCLUSION POLICY FOR FEMALE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
any such change is implemented’’ and inserting ‘‘not less than 30 calendar days before such change is implemented’’; and 
1551 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
at the beginning of chapter 79 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 1551 and inserting the following new item: 
comprehensive policy regarding breastfeeding by female members of the Army who are breastfeeding. At a minimum, the policy shall address the following: 
that will provide the member with adequate privacy and cleanliness and that includes an electrical outlet to facilitate the use of a breast pump. Restrooms should not be considered an appropriate location. 
when practicable, to permit the member to breastfeed or utilize a breast pump. 
It is the sense of the House of Representatives 
that the Secretary of Defense should review section 504 of title 10, United States Code, for the 
Secretary of each military department to implement additional selection criteria requiring that judge advocates have adequate criminal justice experience before they are assigned as Special Victims’ Counsel. 
policy to standardize both the time frame within which Special Victims’ Counsel receive training and the training that each Special Victims’ Counsel receives.’’. 
appropriate program performance measures and standards, including evaluating, monitoring, and reporting on the Special Victims’ Counsel programs, establishing guiding principles for the military departments, and ensuring centralized, standardized assessment of program effectiveness and client satisfaction. 
Secretary of each military department to perform regular evaluations to ensure that Special Victims’ Counsel are assigned to locations that maximize the opportunity for facetoface interactions between counsel and clients and to develop effective means by which a Special Victims’ Counsel may communicate with a client when facetoface communication is not feasible.’’. 
Code, is amended by adding the following new subparagraph: 
FOR FORMER DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS AND FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
reasonably believed to be, a person subject to chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) pursuant to section 802 of this 
‘‘(ii) occurred while the individual was a dependent of the member or former member.’’. 
any action or proceeding that, in the judgment of the Special Victims’ Counsel, may have been undertaken in retaliation for the victim’s report of an alleged sexrelated offense or for the victim’s involvement in related military justice proceedings.’’. 
SEXRELATED OFFENSES OF THE AVAILABILITY OF ASSISTANCE FROM SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Notice of the availability of a Special Victims’ Counsel shall be provided to the victim before any of the personnel identified or designated by the Secretary concerned under this paragraph interviews, or requests any statement from, the victim regarding the alleged sexrelated offense.’’. 
815 of title 10, United States Code (article 15 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
subsection to make a submission to the commanding officer or other person taking action under this section (article). Such a waiver shall be made in writing and may not be revoked. 
States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall ensure that, when administrative separation is considered for a member of the of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps in connection to an offense that involved a victim, the person or board authorized to provide recommendations and act on recommendations for retention or separation under this chapter must consider the impact of the offense on the victim and the views of the victim on retention. 
person who has suffered a direct physical, emotional, or pecuniary loss as a result of a commission of an offense under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) and on which the armed forces are considering administrative separation or retention.’’. 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: 
on the victim and the views of the victim on retention; 
submit matters for consideration, including in person testimony, although a victim may waive the right under this subsection to make a submission; and 
records of the proceedings, including the decision on retention or separation and any written explanation thereof. 
person who has suffered a direct physical, emotional, or pecuniary loss as a result of a commission of an offense under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) and on which an officer is required to show cause for retention on active duty under section 1181 of this title.’’’’. 
shall be provided to the victim, without charge, at the same time as the report is delivered to the accused.’’. 
AGAINST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO REPORT OR INTERVENE ON BEHALF OF THE VICTIM IN INSTANCES OF SEXUAL ASSAULT. 
Defense shall establish a comprehensive strategy to prevent retaliation carried out by members of the Armed Forces against other members who report or otherwise intervene on behalf of the victim in instances of sexual assault. 
methods and procedures to combat attitudes and beliefs that lead to retaliation acts by members. 
PREVENTION AND RESPONSE TO SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN WHICH THE VICTIM IS A MALE MEMBER OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
training to more comprehensively and directly address the incidence of male members of the Armed Forces who are sexually assaulted and how certain behavior and activities, such as hazing, can constitute a sexual assault. 
differences exist in the medical and mental healthcare needs of male and female sexual assault victims, and the care regimen, if any, that will best meet those needs. 
changes needed to address sexual assaults of male members of the Armed Forces. 
of males in communications to members that are used to raise awareness of sexual assault and efforts to prevent and respond to it. 
Secretary of a military department shall ensure that the commander of each unit of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps or Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps and all Professors of Military Science, senior military instructors, and civilian employees detailed, assigned, or employed as administrators and instructors of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps receive regular sexual assault prevention and response training and education. 
COURTSMARTIAL TO REQUIRE CONSISTENT PREPARATION OF THE FULL RECORD OF TRIAL. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, Rule 1103 of the Manual for CourtsMartial (relating to preparation of the record of trial) shall be amended to ensure that, for any general or special courtmartial proceeding under chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), trial counsel shall prepare a complete record of trial, consisting of each available content item, matter, or attachment specified in the Rule. No content item, matter, or attachment may be exempted based on the outcome of the courtmartial proceeding. 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— 
the report,’’ the following: ‘‘including all cases under the purview of the Department of Defense Family Advocacy Program pursuant to section 1058 of title 10, United States Code,’’; 
the report,’’ the following: ‘‘including all cases under the purview of the Department of Defense 
Family Advocacy Program pursuant to such section 1058,’’; and 
Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and apply beginning with the reports required to be submitted by March 1, 2016, under section 1631 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111– 383; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note). 
must include, at a minimum, the case activity record, case review record, investigative plans, and all case notes made by an investigating agent or agents. 
copy, in accordance with existing law or regulations or additionally prescribed policy considered necessary by the Secretary of the military department concerned. 
CERTAIN PROCEEDINGS UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
for the Armed Forces under section 867 of such title (article 67). 
information for each base and court jurisdiction, including, when applicable, the name and telephone number of the legal office with jurisdiction over the proceeding. 
opinions issued in the proceeding, in a text searchable format. 
to any filed document that is not otherwise available to the public, such as a document filed under seal. 
Secretary of Defense may prescribe reasonable fees for access to information made available 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise Department of Defense Directivetype Memorandum 15003, relating to Registered Sex Offender Identification, Notification, and Monitoring in the Department of Defense, and all subsequent directive and guidance to ensure the following: 
database (in this section referred to as the ‘‘database’’) to track the following sex offenders: 
the sex offender is an employee, including the sex offender’s current assignment, duty station, physical place of work, and deployment status, if applicable. 
the criminal offense for which the sex offender is registered in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other Federal, State, or local laws. 
including the date of all arrests and convictions; the status of parole, probation, or supervised release; registration status in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other applicable Federal, State, or local laws; and the 
of the sex offender and, if released or about to be released from a military correctional facility, the intended address of residence of the sex offender. 
the criminal offense for which the sex offender is registered in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other Federal, State, or local laws. 
including the date of all arrests and convictions; the status of parole, probation, or supervised release; registration status in accordance with the Adam Walsh Child Protection and Safety Act of 2006 (Public Law 109–248; 120 Stat. 587) or other Federal, State, or local laws; and the existence of any outstanding arrest warrants for the sex offender. 
of the sex offender and, if applicable, the intended address of residence of the sex offender. 
failed to register on a sex offender registry in accordance with Federal, State, or local laws. 
activeduty as a members of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps as a result of a conviction of a sexrelated offense, including the number who have registered with a local sex offender registry in accordance with local, State, and Federal law and the number who have failed to register with a local sex offender registry in accordance with local, State, and Federal law.’’. 
Department of Defense and interagency review process for implementing statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice for the purpose of developing options for streamlining such process. The Secretary shall adopt procedures to ensure that legal guidance is published at the same time as statutory changes to the Uniform Code of Military Justice are implemented. 
COUNSELING FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DISCHARGED OR RELEASED AFTER LIMITED ACTIVE DUTY. 
member’s first 180 days of active duty’’ and inserting ‘‘the first 180 continuous days of active duty of the member’’; and 
military service, a school designated as a service school by law or by the Secretary concerned.’’. 
Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating, when the Coast Guard is not operating within the Department of the Navy. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘combat veteran’’. 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by adding at the end the following 
purposes of this section, the term ‘eligible individual’ means a member of a reserve component, a member of their family, or a designated representative who the Secretary of Defense determines to be eligible for the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program.’’. 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
Guard and Reserve members and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
the reserve components of the Armed Forces, their families,’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; 
and their family members’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
(ii) by striking ‘‘such members and their family members’’ and inserting ‘‘such eligible individuals’’; 
the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’; and 
members of the Armed Forces and their families’’ and inserting ‘‘eligible individuals’’. 
Programs may make grants to conduct data collection, trend analysis, and curriculum development and to prepare reports in support of activities under this section.’’. 
section 582 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110– 181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(ii) decreasing the isolation of eligible individuals during such period; and 
‘‘(iv) ensuring that eligible individuals understand what benefits they are entitled to and what resources are available to help them overcome the challenges of reintegration; and 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended— 
phases’’ through the end of the subsection and inserting ‘‘wellbeing.’’; 
(ii) in the heading, by striking ‘‘; DEPLOY MENT CYCLE’’; 
shall assist the Defense Suicide Prevention Office and the Defense Centers of Excellence for Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury to collect and analyze information, suggestions, and best practices from State National Guard and Reserve organizations with suicide prevention and community response programs.’’. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Substance Abuse and the Mental Health Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration’’. 
ACADEMIES FROM NOMINATIONS MADE BY DELEGATES IN CONGRESS FROM THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, GUAM, AMERICAN SAMOA, AND THE COMMONWEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
by this section shall apply with respect to the nomination of candidates for appointment to the United States Military Academy, the United States Naval Academy, and the United States Air Force Academy for classes entering these military service academies after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘12304,’’ the following: ‘‘12304a, 12304b,’’. 
Section 320 of title 38, United States Code, is 
practices of the Departments (including the military departments) with respect to job training and postservice placement programs; and 
Defense may carry out a pilot program to enhance the efforts of the Department of Defense to provide job placement assistance and related employment services directly to members in the National Guard and Reserves. 
be offered to, and administered by, the adjutants general appointed under section 314 of title 32, United States Code. 
provided by the Secretary of Defense under this section. 
The pilot program should follow a job placement program model that focuses on working oneon one with a member of a reserve component to costeffectively provide job placement services, including services such as identifying unemployed and under employed members, job matching services, resume editing, interview preparation, and postemployment follow up. Development of the pilot program should be informed by State direct employment programs for members of the reserve components, such as the programs conducted in California and South Carolina. 
shall develop outcome measurements to evaluate the success of the pilot program. 
1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the results of the pilot program. The Secretary shall prepare the report in coordination with the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. 
program and increased reserve component employment levels on the readiness of members of the reserve components. 
Secretary of Defense to carry out the pilot program for any fiscal year may not exceed $20,000,000. 
CREDENTIALING FOR SKILLS REQUIRED FOR CERTAIN MILITARY OCCUPATIONAL SPECIALTIES. 
Section 558 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2015 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). 
nonprofit organizations that provide services to improve the academic achievement of military dependent students, including those nonprofit organizations whose programs focus on improving the civic responsibility of military dependent students and their understanding of the Federal Government through direct exposure to the operations of the Federal Government. 
USING DEERS TO TRACK DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WHO ARE ELEMENTARY OR SECONDARY EDUCATION STUDENTS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report containing the results of a study regarding the feasibility of using the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System (DEERS) to maintain records of where students who are dependents of members of the Armed Forces or Department of Defense civilian employees are enrolled in elementary or secondary education, be it private, public, or home schooled. 
the Armed Forces have a difficult time transitioning back into civilian life due to post traumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders from traumatic events they experienced during combat. 
Armed Forces who suffer from posttraumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders often also suffer from severe distress due to the lack of a stable home environment and loss of a strong parental figure for guidance. 
Forces who are in severe distress can be helped by being given the opportunity to participate in intensive specialized programs outside of their regular environment with other children who are going through similar situations. 
Congress that the Department of Defense should continue to support dependents of members of the Armed Forces in attending camps offered by nonprofit organizations that are using evidence based practices to provide support to children grieving the loss of a parent, guardian, or sibling, or who have a parent, guardian, or sibling who suffers from posttraumatic stress or a behavioral health disorder. Subtitle H—Decorations and Awards 
DISTINGUISHEDSERVICE CROSS FOR ACTS OF EXTRAORDINARY HEROISM DURING THE KOREAN WAR. 
in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitation with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the DistinguishedService Cross under section 3742 of such title to Edward Halcomb who, while serving in Korea as a member of the United States Army in the grade of Private First Class in Company B, 1st Battalion, 29th Infantry Regiment, 24th Infantry Division, distinguished himself by acts of extraordinary heroism from August 20, 1950, to October 19, 1950, during the Korean War. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1133 the following new section: 
not revoke a combat valor award awarded to a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of that Secretary unless the conduct of the member during the period of service during which the distinguished act occurred was not honorable. The Secretary may not consider the characterization of the member’s service outside of the actual time period covered by the award.’’. 
OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO WERE VICTIMS OF THE OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA, BOMBING. 
FORCE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY TO CHARGE AND RETAIN TUITION FOR INSTRUCTION OF PERSONS OTHER THAN AIR FORCE PERSONNEL DETAILED FOR INSTRUCTION AT THE INSTITUTE. 
Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of Homeland Security shall bear the cost of the instruction at the Air Force Institute of Technology that is received by members of the armed forces detailed for that instruction by the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Homeland Security, respectively. 
Corps, and Coast Guard may only be detailed for instruction at the Institute on a spaceavailable basis. 
Army, Navy, Marine Corps, or Coast Guard detailed to receive instruction at the Institute, the Secretary of the Air Force shall charge the Secretary concerned only for such costs and fees as the Secretary considers appropriate (taking into consideration the admission of enlisted members on a spaceavailable basis). 
shall charge tuition for the cost of providing instruction at the Institute for any civilian employee of a military department (other than a civilian employee of the Department of the Air Force), of another component of the Department of Defense, or of another Federal agency who is detailed to receive instruction at the Institute. 
901 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
section 9314 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Technology: reimbursement and tuition; instruction of persons other than Air Force personnel’’. 
at the beginning of chapter 901 of such title is amended by striking the items relating to sections 9314 and 9314a and inserting the following new items: 
Technology: reimbursement and tuition; instruction of persons other than Air Force personnel.’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting after section 107 the following new section: 
1223 of title 10 to retired pay for nonregular service or, but for age, would be entitled under such chapter to retired pay for nonregular service shall be honored as a veteran but shall not be entitled to any benefit by reason of this section.’’. 
in the noble and selfsacrificing profession of military diving in the Armed Forces. 
selfless task often without recognition, risking their lives on behalf of the United States. 
personnel in the profession of military diving for their bravery and sacrifice in times of peace and war. 
their recognition and gratitude for military divers and the diving profession. 
Squalus sank, Navy divers used an experimental rig to rescue all 33 sailors aboard the vessel who survived the initial sinking, and the divers were awarded the Medal of Honor for their role in the rescue. 
Navy divers raised every battleship that was sunk at Pearl Harbor, to the surface (with the exception of the U.S.S. Arizona, U.S.S. Utah, and the U.S.S. Oklahoma). 
and EgyptAir Flight 990 crashed, among others, Navy divers recovered the remains and debris. 
in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, Navy divers treated the recovered miners in Fly Away Recompression Chambers. 
of Defense to designate 2015 as the Year of the Military Diver to honor those who are serving and have served in the noble and selfsacrificing profession of military diving in the Armed Forces. 
of section 2583 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
animal shall be made available for adoption under this section, in order of recommended priority— 
shall develop a policy to coordinate the efforts of the Department of Defense and nongovernment suicide prevention organizations regarding— 
within the Department of Defense regarding interaction with such organizations; and 
reporting material the Secretary determines necessary to carry out this section. 
suicide rates among participants in the programs carried out by the organization; 
The Secretary of Defense shall be authorized to take any necessary measures to prevent suicides by members of the Armed Forces, including by facilitating the access of members of the Armed Forces to successful nongovernmental treatment regimen. 
under this subsection, the Secretary of Defense shall consult with the Secretaries of each of the military departments and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a copy of the policy developed under this section. 
TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
locality based on the duration of the temporary duty assignment of a member of the uniformed services in the locality.’’. 
of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of the Department of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the travel of an employee of the Department in the locality.’’. 
The policy, and any regulations issued pursuant to such policy, implemented by the Secretary of the Department of Defense on November 1, 2014, with respect to reductions in per diem allowances based on duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel shall have no force or effect. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
enlistment and reenlistment bonus for persons with prior service. 
of travel expenses for inactiveduty training outside of normal commuting distance. 
BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES FOR HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS. 
education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. 
Selected Reserve health professionals in critically short wartime specialties. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
RELATING TO TITLE 37 CONSOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. 
bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
RELATING TO PAYMENT OF OTHER TITLE 37 BONUSES AND SPECIAL PAYS. 
States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’: 
for members of precommissioning programs pursuing foreign language proficiency. 
for conversion to military occupational specialty to ease personnel shortage. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’. 
pay aviation incentive pay under this section to an officer who is otherwise qualified for such pay but who is not currently engaged in the performance of operational flying duty or proficiency flying duty if the Secretary determines, under regulations prescribed under section 374 of this title, that payment of aviation incentive pay to that officer is in the best interests of the service.’’. 
AND TRANSPORTATION ALLOWANCE FOR SURVIVORS OF DECEASED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FROM THE VIETNAM CONFLICT. 
the term in section 211 of title 37; and 
meaning given the term in section 101 of title 37.’’. 
make a contribution under this subsection on behalf of a full TSP member for any pay period for the member that— 
to a full TSP member in the same manner as such section is applied to an employee or Member under such section.’’. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
of the uniformed services shall be considered to have separated from Government employment if the member is discharged or released from service in the uniformed services.’’. 
10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
shall be applied by substituting ‘60 percent’ for ‘75 percent’; and 
shall be applied by substituting ‘2 percent’ for ‘2
credited to him under section 1208’’ and inserting ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
credited to him under section 1208’’ and inserting ‘‘the retired pay multiplier determined for 
the member under section 1409 of this title’’; and 
(iii) in column 2 of each of formula number 4 
354 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
a new bonus under this section after September 30, 2017. 
under section 1409 of such title for the number of years of service that may be credited to the officer under section 1405 of such title as if the officer’s service were service as a member of the Armed Forces.’’. 
basic pay of the highest grade held by him as such officer’’ and inserting ‘‘calculated by multiplying the retired pay base determined under section 1406 of title 10, United States Code, by the retired pay multiplier determined under section 1409 of such title for the numbers of years of service credited to the officer under this paragraph’’; and 
date of the enactment of this Act, section 623 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3403) is repealed. 
chapter 5 of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
which the member would be entitled at 12 years of service if the member were a member of a regular component multiplied by 0.5; plus 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Natural Resources, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and 
Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. 
meaning given that term in section 101 of title 37, United States Code. 
Subtitle D—Commissary and Nonappropriated Fund Instrumentality Benefits and Operations 
shall ensure that there are no changes to the second destination transportation policy that currently applies to fresh fruit and vegetable supplies for commissaries in Asia and the Pacific until the Defense Commissary Agency conducts and submits to Congress a comprehensive study on fresh fruit and vegetable supply for the region. 
vegetables to determine the most costeffective way to supply each item in each location year round without increasing prices to commissary consumers; and 
that would lower costs to the Defense Working Capital Fund, DECA, without increasing prices 
CONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE COMMISSARY AND EXCHANGE SYSTEMS PENDING SUBMISSION OF REQUIRED REPORT ON DEFENSE COMMISSARY SYSTEM. 
to replace or consolidate the defense commissary and exchange systems, including through the establishment of a new defense resale system, before submission of the report on the defense commissary system required by section 634 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). 
arrangements with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government and nonprofit organizations in order to improve the financial literacy and preparedness of members of the Armed Forces; and 
‘‘CONSUMER EDUCATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘F INANCIALLITERACY TRAINING ’’; 
station, in the case of a member in pay grade E– 4 or below or in pay grade O–3 or below; 
in the case of a member in pay grade E–5 or below or in pay grade O–4 or below; 
required training that is provided to the member at a military installation.’’; 
concerned as a benchmark to evaluate and update training provided under this section; and 
Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives.’’. 
Thrift Savings Plan (TSP), retirement lump sum payments (including rollover options and tax consequences), and Survivor Benefit Plan (SBP) .’’. 
992 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
at the beginning of chapter 50 of such title is amended by striking the item related to section 992 and inserting the following new item: 
2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall jointly establish a joint uniform formulary for the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Department of Defense with respect to pharmaceutical agents that are critical for the transition of an individual from receiving treatment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
OF CONTRACEPTION APPROVED BY THE FOOD AND DRUG ADMINISTRATION FOR MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND MILITARY DEPENDENTS AT MILITARY TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that every military medical treatment facility has a sufficient stock of a broad range of methods of contraception approved by the Food and Drug Administration to be able to dispense any such method of contraception to any women members of the Armed Forces and female covered beneficiaries who receive care through such facility. 
whenever possible, a female member of the Armed Forces who uses prescription contraception on a longterm basis should be given prior to deployment a sufficient supply of the prescription contraceptive for the duration of the deployment. 
States Code, is amended by inserting after section 167a the following new section: 
assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President, through the Secretary of Defense, shall establish under section 161 of this title a unified command for medical operations (in this section referred to as the ‘unified medical command’). The principal function of the command is to provide medical services to the armed forces and other health care beneficiaries of the Department of Defense as defined in chapter 55 of this title. 
training, education, and research and development activities that have previously been unified or combined, including organizations that have been designated as a Department of Defense executive agent. 
be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following functions relating to medical operations activities (whether or not relating to the unified medical command): 
assigned to unified combatant commands other than the unified medical command to the extent directed by the Secretary of Defense; and 
be responsible for the Defense Health Program, including the Defense Health Program Account established under section 1100 of this title. 
to the congressional defense committees written notification of the time line of the Secretary to establish the unified medical command under such section 167b by not later than the date that is 30 days before establishing such command. 
care professional described in this subsection is an individual who— 
in counseling from a mental health counseling program or clinical mental health counseling program that is accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs; 
counseling at the clinical level or, with respect to a State that has a tiered licensing scheme, at the highest level available; and 
doctoral degree in counseling from a program that is accredited by a covered institution. 
State as a mental health counselor for a period of not less than five years. 
and Colleges Commission on Institutions of Higher Education (NEASCCIHE). 
Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, and each possession of the United States. 
meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1073b the following new section: 
may not restructure or realign a military medical treatment facility until— 
defense committees a report on such proposed restructuring or realignment; and 
hospital system in which the facility resides, if any, is a Federallydesignated underserved medical community and the effect on such community from any reduction in staff or functions or downgrade of the facility. 
to hightempo, livefire military operations, treating battlefieldlike injuries, and the potential for a mass casualty event if the facility is downgraded to a clinic or reduced in personnel or capabilities; and 
Secretary, in making such determination, consulted with the appropriate training directorate, training and doctrine command, and forces command of each military department. 
the military installation and the distance in miles to the nearest civilian ambulance service, including the average response time to the military installation. 
realign the military medical treatment facility, including with respect to bed closures and civilian personnel reductions. 
NETWORK OF RETAIL PHARMACIES UNDER TRICARE PHARMACY BENEFITS PROGRAM. 
pilot program to evaluate whether, in carrying out the TRICARE pharmacy benefits program under section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, operating a network of preferred retail pharmacies will generate cost savings for the Department of Defense. 
patient access from nonTRICARE health plans that are using a preferred retail network of pharmacies along with the mailorder pharmacy program of the plans and preferred pharmacy networks in Medicare Part D; 
in the network of preferred retail pharmacies shall be comprised of small business pharmacies at a rate no lower than the current TRICARE pharmacy program participation rate; 
Secretary shall select the retail pharmacies to participate in the preferred network of preferred 
network and agree to the reimbursement rates paid by the Secretary; 
pharmacy to meet or that a certain number of retail pharmacies must meet; 
comply with the existing TRICARE retail pharmacy access standards. 
enactment of this Act, a report containing an implementation plan for the pilot program. 
which the pilot program commences, and semiannually thereafter during the period in which the pilot program is carried out, an interim report on the pilot program. 
which the pilot program terminates, a final report describing the results of the pilot program, including any recommendations of the Secretary to expand such program. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
House of Representatives held a series of hearings in 2013, 2014, and 2015 gathering testimony from key acquisition leaders and experts. It is clear that the acquisition reform efforts of the last 50 years continue to founder because they fail to address the motivational and environmental factors in which they must be implemented. The acquisition system, though frustrating to all, is in one sense in equilibrium. The acquisition system provides enough benefits to proponents and opponents to continue, with only minor changes, despite its shortcomings. 
many defense acquisitions, chasing too few dollars. Consequently, there remains a vast difference between the budgeting plans of the Department and the reality of the cost of its systems or the services it acquires. 
develops and Congress accepts fragile acquisition strategies that downplay technical issues and assume only successful outcomes from high risk efforts. As a result, the Department often ends up with too few weapons, with performance that falls short, that are difficult and costly to maintain, delivered late at too high a cost. Congressional and Department of Defense leadership have limited insight into the services acquired or what services need to be acquired in the future. Furthermore, the conventional acquisition process is not agile enough for today’s demands. Finally, the Department of Defense continues to struggle with financial management and auditability, affecting its ability to control costs, ensure basic accountability, anticipate future costs and claims on the budget, and measure performance. 
and at great cost only after problems are realized; 
(ii) plodding, meaning the bureaucratic processes are sclerotic and cumbersome; 
(iii) opaque, meaning that limiting information is necessary to protect programs; and 
(iv) traditional, meaning that customary approaches and suppliers are preferred over perceived risk of new or unique concepts and vendors. 
roads, and if changes to the acquisition system are not made soon, the trend of fewer and more costly systems and services that fall short of the needs of the Armed Forces will continue. Congress, the Department of Defense, and industry all have a stake in making positive changes. Each plays a role in contributing to the current system. Each gains benefits from that system, but each is frustrated by it as well. 
Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives proposes a different approach from previous efforts by seeking to improve the environment (i.e., statutes, regulations, processes, and culture) driving acquisition decisions in the Department of Defense, industry, and Congress. The Committee has solicited input from industry and the Department of Defense, as well as others in Congress, and will continue to do so. The Committee recognizes that there are no ‘‘silver bullets’’ that can immediately fix the current acquisition system in a holistic and 
longstanding manner. Therefore, the reform effort will be an ongoing and iterative process that will result in legislation not only this year, but will be embedded in the Committee’s annual and regular work. 
of Congress that all stakeholders in the acquisition system—the Department of Defense, Congress, and industry—should be governed by the following tenets: 
to solve problems and reduce risks by surfacing issues early and honestly and taking action to resolve them. 
agile, meaning that needed program adjustments to both respond to emerging threats and the rapid pace of technological change and to address development or production issues should be proposed and adjudicated quickly. 
should be innovative, meaning that barriers should be removed that preclude companies from undertaking defense business or officials from proposing new approaches. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report on efforts to link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes within the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively. 
that will link and streamline the requirements, acquisition, and budget processes of the Armed Force concerned; and 
Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall conduct a review of their current individual authorities provided in sections 3033, 5033, 8033, and 5043 of title 10, United States Code, and other relevant statutes and regulations related to defense acquisitions for the purpose of developing such recommendations as the Chief concerned or the Commandant considers necessary to further or advance the role of the Chief concerned or the Commandant in the development of requirements, acquisition processes, and the associated budget practices of the Department of Defense. 
the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps shall each submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing, at a minimum, the following: 
Commandant is taking, if any, within the Chief’s or Commandant’s existing authority to implement such recommendations. 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent research entity that is a notforprofit entity or a federally funded research and development center with appropriate expertise and analytical capability to carry out a comprehensive study of factors leading to the filing of bid protests. The study shall examine issues such as the following: 
(monetary and nonmonetary) to contractors either filing a protest or indicating intent to file a protest. 
incumbent contractors for purposes of extending a contract’s period of performance. 
even when those companies do not believe there was an error in the procurement process. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent entity shall provide to the Secretary and the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study, along with any recommendations it may have. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Defense commercial item determinations for the purposes of procurements by the Department of Defense.’’. 
‘‘(ii) issue a revised determination with a written explanation of the basis for the revision.’’. 
through ‘‘the subsystem is a’’ and inserting ‘‘that the subsystem is a’’; 
through ‘‘the component or’’ and inserting ‘‘that the component or’’; 
United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the operation of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended in fiscal year 2016 until— 
the ‘‘Enterprisewide Contractor Manpower Reporting Application’’, as contained in a memorandum dated November 28, 2012, from the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the (then) Acting Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness is fulfilled; and 
amount as follows:’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘of an amount of not less than $500,000,000.’’; and 
amount that is less than’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘an amount that is less than $400,000,000.’’. 
States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘military department)’’ the following: ‘‘, in collaboration with the Chief of Staff of the Army, the Chief of Naval Operations, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force, and the Commandant of the Marine Corps (with respect to the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps, respectively),’’. 
highest quality officers and enlisted personnel and allows them to gain experience in and receive credit for a primary career in combat arms and a functional secondary career in the acquisition field in order to more closely align the 
military operational, requirements, and acquisition workforces of each armed force.’’. 
personnel and covered under chapter 87 of this title.’’. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
subject of market research and the function of market research in the acquisition of commercial items; 
standard processes and reports for collecting and sharing market research across the Department.’’. 
efforts to recruit, develop, and retain the acquisition workforce with a specific review of the following: 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent research entity shall provide to the Secretary a report containing— 
PROJECT RELATING TO CERTAIN ACQUISITION PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES. 
and repeated attempts at acquisition reform, the Department of Defense still experiences case after case of expensive weapon system acquisition failures. The Department of Defense has a track record of too many cancellations, schedule slippages, cost overruns, and failures to deliver timely solutions to the requirements of the Armed Forces. This situation is unacceptable. For example, according to the Final Report of the 2010 Army Acquisition Review, between 1996 and 2010, the Army expended approximately $1 billion to $3 billion annually on two dozen programs that were eventually cancelled. No military service and no type of weapon acquisition has been immune. 
into production only to encounter production problems, and are fielded with many unknowns or deficiencies leading to significantly reduced quantities and force structure reductions. The warfighter faces the challenge of operating weapons with poor reliability, high maintenance demands, reduced performance, and many capability shortfalls. 
highly disciplined program initiation means that programs do not begin engineering development until firm requirements are matched to a flexible acquisition strategy structured to develop militarily useful capability that can be delivered in a relevant period of time with available technologies, funding, and management capacity. Such a highly disciplined program initiation includes— 
minimize time to market of militarily useful capability, with the program concerned being structured so that— 
are matched to delivering capability to the warfighter in the near term, while remaining requirements are aligned and resources are programmed to support integration into later increments to meet the requirements of the Armed Forces; 
only when their developmental risks have been appropriately reduced; and 
(iii) increments are planned to complete engineering and manufacturing development in a reasonable period of time; 
who are expert buyers and negotiators who anticipate problems, negotiate solutions, and are empowered to manage; 
the work and for the nature and scope of the 
program risk by resisting the addition of new requirements or the reduction of developmental activities; 
decisionmakers to make decisions easily in order to move forward with capabilities that mature quickly, cancel those that encounter greater difficulties than expected, and tradeoff or reduce requirements to maintain cost and schedule; 
overcoming execution challenges and delivering success rather than concentrating on compliance with reporting, certifications, and other redtape; and 
ensure that an understanding of tradeoffs, risks, and needs are considered, resourced, and validated, and that agreement is reached between the executive and legislative branches; 
Defense, once a program has begun, to resolve issues by considering tradeoffs among cost, schedule, and performance necessary to best support the warfighter; and 
efforts to mitigate such risks even if they are through nontraditional means or other technological advances. 
10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431 the following new section: 
There shall be an acquisition strategy for each major defense acquisition program and each major system approved by a Milestone Decision Authority. 
of how the strategy is designed to be implemented with available resources, such as time, funding, and management capacity; and 
ensure competition at the system and subsystem level throughout the lifecycle of the program or system in accordance with section 2337 of this title. 
relates to level of program risk in each acquisition phase; 
‘‘(ii) how the plans for the program or system 
to reduce risk enable the use of fixedprice elements in subsequent contracts and the timing of the use of those fixed price elements; 
‘‘(iii) market research; and ‘‘(iv) consideration of small business participation. 
‘‘(ii) a critical change to the cost of the program or system; 
decision to enter into technology maturation and risk reduction pursuant to guidance prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for the management of Department of Defense acquisition programs. 
with respect to a major defense acquisition program or major system, means the official within the Department of Defense designated with the overall responsibility and authority for acquisition decisions for the program or system, including authority to approve entry of the program or system into the next phase of the acquisition process. 
schedule’, with respect to a major defense acquisition program or major system, means any schedule delay greater than six months in a reported event. 
Secretary of Defense for’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of the Board’’ and inserting ‘‘opportunities for such cooperative research and development shall be addressed in the acquisition strategy for the project’’; and 
recommendation of the Under Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘A recommendation to the Milestone Decision Authority’’. 
(Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note) is repealed. 
United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2431a (as added by section 813) the following new section: 
management and mitigation strategy for each major defense acquisition program or major system. 
that the initial acquisition strategy (required under section 2431a of this title) approved by the Milestone Decision Authority and any subsequent revisions include the following: 
and mitigating risk (including technical, cost, and schedule risk) during each of the following periods: 
‘‘(ii) The period preceding initial production. ‘‘(iii) The period preceding fullrate production. 
at a minimum, include consideration of risk mitigation techniques such as the following: 
the system, subsystem, or component level and competitive prototyping, where appropriate) and, if prototyping at either the system, subsystem, or component level is not used, an explanation of why it is not appropriate. 
modeling and simulation will assess, and identification of the need for development of any new modeling and simulation tools in order to support the comprehensive strategy. 
points for disciplined transition of planned technologies into programs or the selection of alternative technologies. 
technology development efforts in order to address high risk areas as early as feasible. 
‘major defense acquisition program’ and ‘major system’ have the meanings provided in section 2431a of this title.’’. 
‘‘2431b. Risk reduction in major defense acquisition programs and major systems.’’. 
of Defense shall ensure that the guidance of the Department of Defense relating to major defense acquisition programs, major systems, and major automated information systems includes a requirement that the acquisition strategy required under section 2431a of this title for such a program or system includes— 
type for each acquisition phase of the program or system; and 
shall require that the justification for the contract type selected explain— 
incentives) in the contract, if any, supports the program or system objectives during each acquisition phase; and 
to reduce risk enable the use of fixedprice elements in subsequent contracts. 
use of contracts with target costs, target profits or fees, and profit or fee adjustment formulas can be an appropriate contract type.’’. 
MILESTONE A APPROVAL OR INITIATION OF MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
2366a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— 
‘‘CERTIFICATION ’’ and inserting ‘‘W RITTEN DETERMINATION REQUIRED ’’; and 
2366a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2366a. Major defense acquisition programs: 
at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366a and inserting the following new item: 
the program has been demonstrated in a relevant environment, as determined by the Milestone Decision Authority on the basis of an independent review and assessment by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in consultation with the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Developmental Test and Evaluation; 
amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
of title 10, United States Code, is further amended— 
2366b of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2366b and inserting the following new item: 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 104 Stat. 1607; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is transferred to chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, inserted so as to appear after section 2323a, redesignated as section 2323b, and amended— 
firm, in such detail as may be reasonable, including— 
means an individual who is blind (as defined in section 8501 of title 41) or a severely disabled individual (as defined in such section).’’. 
first day of fiscal year 2017, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall implement the plan described in this subsection. 
annually provide to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a certification of the accuracy and completeness of data reported on bundled and consolidated contracts.’’. 
23, 33, 54, and 56 (as defined by the North American Industry Classification System), not fewer than 100 contracts in each sector; 
of a contracting agency determines that an acquisition plan for a procurement involves a substantial bundling of contract requirements, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a notice on a public website that such determination has been made not later than 7 days after making such determination. Any solicitation for a procurement related to the acquisition plan may not be published earlier than 7 days after such notice is published. Along with the publication of the solicitation, the head of a contracting agency shall publish a justification for the determination, which shall include following information: 
by small business concerns as prime contractors that result from the bundling of contract requirements; and 
participation of small business concerns as subcontractors (including suppliers) at various tiers under the contract or contracts that are awarded to meet the requirements.’’. 
apply to a contract that has as its principal purpose the acquisition of services or construction.’’. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall enter into a contract with an independent entity with appropriate expertise to conduct a review of Department of Defense regulations and practices related to Government access to and use of intellectual property rights of private sector firms. The contract shall require that in conducting the review, the independent entity shall consult with the National Defense Technology and Industrial Base Council (described in section 2502 of title 10, United States Code). 
the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the independent entity, along with a description of any actions that the Secretary proposes to revise and clarify laws or that the Secretary may take to revise or clarify regulations related to intellectual property rights. 
COMPONENTS BE MANUFACTURED IN THE NATIONAL TECHNOLOGY AND INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
and Space Act of 1958 (42 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.),’’ and inserting ‘‘the National Aeronautics and Space Act of 1958 (42 U.S.C. 2451 et seq.), and the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.),’’; and 
General Services Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘the General Services Administration, and the Small Business Administration’’. 
of subtitle VI of title 31, United States Code, is amended— 
‘‘If another applicable law or regulation permits the acceptance of a bond from a surety that is not subject to sections 9305 and 9306 and is based on a pledge of assets by the surety, the assets pledged by such surety shall— 
United States shall carry out a study on the following: 
but was later found to have been backed by insufficient collateral or to be otherwise deficient or with respect to which the surety did not perform. 
that were awarded to new startup businesses (including new startup businesses that are small disadvantaged businesses or disadvantaged business enterprises), small disadvantaged businesses, and disadvantaged business enterprises as prime contractors during— 
The term ‘‘disadvantaged business enterprise’’ has the meaning given that term under section 26.5 of title 49, Code of Federal Regulations. 
startup business’’ means a business that was formed in the 2year period ending on the date on which the business bids on a Federal contract that requires giving a surety bond. 
PROCUREMENT CENTER REPRESENTATIVES, BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY SPECIALISTS, AND COMMERCIAL MARKET REPRESENTATIVES. 
or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve in that position for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without the required certification; and 
January 3, 2013, may have up to one calendar year from the date of employment to obtain the required certification.’’. 
was serving on or before January 3, 2013, may continue to serve as a Business Opportunity 
Specialist for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without such a certification; and 
Act (15 U.S.C. 633), as amended by section 9 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
was serving on or before the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 may continue to serve as a commercial market representative for a period of 5 years beginning on such date without such a certification; and 
representative after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 may have up to one calendar year from the date of employment to obtain the required certification.’’. 
FOR QUALIFIED HUBZONE SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS LOCATED IN A BASE CLOSURE AREA. 
division K of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note) is amended by striking ‘‘for a period of 5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘for the later of— 
of the Small Business Administration that is based on data of the Bureau of the Census obtained from the first decennial census conducted after the date of final closure.’’. 
the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2005 (15 U.S.C. 632 note); or 
(ii) a base closure area relating to the closure 
redesignated, by striking ‘‘means lands within’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘means— 
of offers for a bundled or consolidated contract that is issued by the head of an agency, a small business concern that provides for use of a particular team of subcontractors or a joint venture of small business concerns may submit an offer for the performance of the contract. 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the capabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
offer of a joint venture of small business concerns, if the joint venture does not have sufficient capabilities or past performance to be considered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities past performance of the joint venture. 
Participation of a small business concern in a team or a joint venture under this paragraph shall not affect the status of that concern as a small business concern for any other purpose.’’. 
small business prime contractor that includes a proposed team of small business subcontractors for any multiple award contract above the substantial bundling threshold of the Federal agency, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each first tier subcontractor that is part of the team as the capabilities and past performance of the small business prime contractor. 
offer of a joint venture of small business concerns for any multiple award contract above the substantial bundling threshold of the Federal agency, if the joint venture does not have sufficient capabilities or past performance to be considered for award of a contract opportunity, the head of the agency shall consider the capabilities and past performance of each member of the joint venture as the capabilities and past performance of the joint venture.’’. 
for increases in program cost estimates or delays in schedule estimates in the implementation of policies, procedures, and activities related to operational test and evaluation and shall take appropriate action to ensure that operational test and evaluation activities do not unnecessarily increase program costs or impede program schedules.’’. 
Code, as amended by section 804, is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2371 note) is transferred to chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, inserted so as to appear after section 2371a, redesignated as section 2371b, and amended— 
as follows: ‘‘§ 2371b. Authority of the Advanced Research 
Code’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of this title’’; 
Code’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘of title 41’’; 
the Federal Government are innovative small business and nontraditional contractors with unique capabilities relevant to the prototype project.’’; and 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$500,000’’. 
follows through ‘‘that the independent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall require that the independent’’; 
such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 144 of such title is amended to read as follows: 
Not later than March 1, 2016, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall— 
that each covered defense business system developed, deployed, and operated by the Department of Defense— 
have been reviewed, and as appropriate revised, through business process reengineering; 
visibility into, and traceability of, expenditures for the system. 
Secretary shall issue guidance to provide for the coordination of, and decision making for, the planning, programming, and control of investments in covered defense business systems. 
shelf business systems with the fewest changes necessary to accommodate requirements and interfaces that are unique to the Department of Defense. 
of investments in covered defense business systems, including a process for the collection and review of programming and budgeting information for covered defense business systems. 
through the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, shall develop and maintain a blueprint to guide the development of integrated business processes within the Department of Defense. Such blueprint shall be known as the ‘defense business enterprise architecture’. 
data standards, business performance measures, and business information requirements that apply uniformly throughout the Department of Defense; and 
‘‘(ii) routinely produce verifiable, timely, accurate, and reliable business and financial information for management purposes; and 
‘‘(iii) integrate budget, accounting, and program information and systems. 
‘‘(ii) The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) with respect to financial management and planning and budgeting processes. 
‘‘(iii) The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness with respect to human resources management processes. 
Agency or Defense Field Activity or a system that will support the business process of more than one military department or Defense Agency or Defense Field Activity, the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. 
as part of the defense acquisition system, the requirements of this section are fully addressed by the Milestone Decision Authority for a covered defense business system program as acquisition process approvals are considered for such system. 
15 of each year from 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on activities of the Department of Defense pursuant to this section. Each report shall include the following: 
business system program that during the preceding fiscal year failed to achieve initial operational capability within five years after the date the program received Milestone B approval. 
business operations and cost savings resulting from successful covered defense business systems programs. 
Chief Management Officer of each military department on implementation of business transformation initiatives by such military department in accordance with section 908 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4569; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note). 
‘defense business system’ means an information system that is operated by, for, or on behalf of the Department of Defense, including any of the following: 
by and within the defense commissary system or the exchange system or other instrumentality of the Department of Defense conducted for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces using nonappropriated funds. 
term ‘Milestone Decision Authority’, with respect to a defense acquisition program, means the individual within the Department of Defense designated with the responsibility to grant milestone approvals for that program. 
‘business process mapping’ means a procedure in which the steps in a business process are clarified and documented in both written form and in a flow chart.’’. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is repealed. 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics shall ensure that Department of Defense Instruction 5000.02 and other applicable guidance receive full consideration, during preliminary 
design review for a product, with respect to any strategic materials required for sustainment of the product over the life cycle of the product. 
shall use best value tradeoff source selection methods to the maximum extent practicable when procuring an item of personal protective equipment or critical safety items. 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
counterfeit electronic parts or suspect counterfeit electronic parts and’’ after ‘‘contractor’’. 
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION AND THE DEPUTY ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SYSTEMS ENGINEERING. 
Section 139b of title 10, United States Code, is 
and approve or disapprove’’ and inserting ‘‘advise in writing the milestone decision authority regarding review and approval of’’; and 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best practices for developmental test from across the Department’’ after ‘‘programs’’; and 
and approve’’ and inserting ‘‘advise in writing the milestone decision authority regarding review and approval of’’; and 
order to advise relevant technical authorities for such programs on the incorporation of best practices for systems engineering from across the Department’’ after ‘‘programs’’. 
Section 808 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 11281; 125 Stat. 1489), as most recently amended by section 813 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3429) is further amended— 
ACCEPTABLE EVALUATION METHOD FOR PROCUREMENT OF AUDIT OR AUDIT READINESS SERVICES. 
of Defense, the effort to finish and institutionalize auditability is one of the more challenging management tasks that has ever faced the Department. 
complicated, requiring personnel and assistance who have the financial management and auditor skills that a nonindependent public accounting firm or a noncredentialed firm offering the lowest price may not have. 
September 30, 2017, audit readiness statutory deadline and the March 31, 2019, audit of fiscal year 2018 statutory deadline, it is imperative that the Department not sacrifice contracts with firms who have the proper credentials and expertise to meet these deadlines. 
price, technically acceptable evaluation method for the procurement of audit or audit readiness services, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
services being procured, including domain expertise and experience, size and scope of offeror’s team, personnel qualifications and certifications, technology, and tools; and 
OF THE NAVY AS THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS. 
the Department of the Navy is redesignated as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
of the Navy is redesignated as the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps. 
Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps, and the Department of the Air Force.’’. 
sentence of section 5011 of such title is amended 
Navy and Marine Corps is separately organized under the Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps.’’. 
‘‘CHAPTER 507—COMPOSITION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY AND MARINE CORPS’’. 
(ii) The heading of section 5016 of such title, 
and the item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 503 of such title, are each amended by inserting ‘‘and Marine Corps’’ after ‘‘of the Navy’’, with the matter inserted in each case to be in the same typeface and typestyle as the matter amended. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Department of the Navy’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘Department of the Navy and Marine Corps’’ and ‘‘Secretary of the Navy and Marine Corps’’, respectively. 
amendments made by this section shall take effect on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF REVIEW OF THE UNIFIED COMMAND PLAN. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘two years’’ and inserting ‘‘four years’’. 
OF FUNCTIONS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RELATING TO JOINT FORCE DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES. 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
Henry Kissinger wrote in testimony submitted to the Senate Armed Services Committee on January 29, 2015, ‘‘The United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War.’’. 
technology have reduced the time available for the United States to prepare for and respond to crises against both known and unknown threats. 
cannot be overstated. As acknowledged in the March 2015 Navy, Marine Corps, and Coast Guard maritime strategy, ‘‘A Cooperative Strategy for 21st Century Seapower’’: ‘‘Oceans are the lifeblood of the interconnected global community. . . 90 percent of trade by volume travels across the oceans. Approximately 70 percent of the world’s population lives within 100 miles of the coastline.’’. 
critical that the nation possess a maritime force whose mission and ethos is readiness—a fight tonight force, forward deployed, that can respond immediately to emergent crises across the full range of military operations around the globe either from the sea or home station. 
by the 82nd Congress after the major wars of the twentieth century, when it mandated a core mission for the nation’s leanest force—the Marine Corps—to be most ready when the nation is least ready. 
of the Navy, remain the Nation’s expeditionary, crisis response force; 
and the wisdom of the 82nd Congress, the 114th Congress reaffirms section 5063 of title 10, United States Code, uniquely charging the United States Marine Corps with this responsibility. 
combat divisions and three air wings, and such other land combat, aviation, and other services as may be organic therein; 
provide fleet marine forces of combined arms, together with supporting air components, for service with the fleet in the seizure or defense of advanced naval bases and for the conduct of such land operations as may be essential to the prosecution of a naval campaign; and 
for service on armed vessels of the Navy, shall provide security detachments for the protection of naval property at naval stations and bases, and shall perform such other duties as the President may direct; 
nor interfere with the operations for which the Marine Corps is primarily organized; 
Army and the Air Force, those phases of amphibious operations that pertain to the tactics, techniques, and equipment used by landing forces; and 
July 2013 to a goal of a 20 percent reduction in headquarters budgets and personnel and a goal of $10 billion in cost savings over five years is worthwhile and should be fully implemented; 
headquarters, it is difficult to demonstrate and track progress achieving actual savings; 
implemented as an acrosstheboard cut, but rather should be strategically designed to retain critical functions, capabilities, and skill sets— including but not limited to depots and the acquisition workforce—and eliminate unnecessary or redundant functions or skill sets that do not benefit or support mission requirements; 
FUNCTIONS .—Section 904 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the following: ‘‘, set forth separately by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2019’’; 
changes’’ and inserting ‘‘detailed description of the actual and planned changes’’; and 
the following: ‘‘, set forth separately by fiscal year, from fiscal year 2014 through fiscal year 2019’’; and 
striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015, and estimated savings to be achieved for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2024’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2014, and estimated savings to be achieved, along with associated changes or reductions in budget, for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2024’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2016’’; and 
offices that were eliminated and how each represents a redundant management or oversight function; and ‘‘(ii) the management, functions, programs, or 
offices that were moved, and how moving each will result in efficiency.’’. 
and dialogue among supervisors, managers, and employees throughout the appraisal period, with timetables for review; and 
give employees formal training, onthejob training, counseling, mentoring, and other assistance. 
agencies of the Department of Defense are currently reviewing the proposed ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system developed in response to section 1113 of Public Law 111–84. 
will begin implementation of the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system in April 2016. 
Public Law 111–84 provided the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, flexibilities in promulgating regulations to redesign the procedures which are applied by the Department of Defense in making appointments to positions within the competitive service in order to— 
performance management and workforce incentive system, section 113 of Public Law 111–84 requires the Secretary of Defense to comply with veterans’ preference requirements. 
allocated for the design, implementation, and administration of the performance management 
and objectives with the employee, communicating and discussing progress relative to performance goals and objectives, and conducting performance appraisals; 
new supervisors by sharing knowledge and advice in areas such as communication, critical thinking, responsibility, flexibility, motivating employees, teamwork, leadership, and professional development, and pointing out strengths and areas of development. 
Congress that the Secretary of Defense should proceed with the collaborative work with employee representatives on the ‘‘New Beginnings’’ performance management and workforce incentive system and begin implementation of the new system at the earliest possible date. 
FUNCTIONS PERFORMED BY CIVILIAN OR CONTRACTOR PERSONNEL TO PERFORMANCE BY MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Section 129a of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
training requiring militaryunique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experience; 
leadership in the Department of Defense requiring militaryunique knowledge and skills based on recent operational experience; and 
under chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. 
Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made 
division for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. 
items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and 
an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. 
transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. 
THE NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION TO SUSTAIN NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION AND NAVAL REACTORS. 
authorized to be appropriated for the weapons activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration under section 3101 or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 is less than $8,900,000,000 (the amount projected to be required for such activities in fiscal year 2016 as specified in the report under section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2549)), the Secretary of Defense may transfer, from amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 pursuant to this Act, to the Secretary of Energy an amount, not to exceed $150,000,000, to be available only for naval reactors or weapons activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration. 
work in coordination with the Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board to establish accounting standards to value large and unordinary general property, plant, and equipment items. 
1033 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 111 Stat. 1881), as most recently amended by section 1013 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 844), is further amended by striking ‘‘2016’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
in violence and homicides. In fiscal year 2013, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime released its Global Study on Homicide 2013. Four of the top five countries with the highest homicide rates in the world were Central American nations including Honduras, Belize, El Salvador, and Guatemala. 
65,000 unaccompanied alien children from Central America entered the United States through its southwest border. This number of such children who enter the United States during calendar year 2015 is expected to be approximately the same. 
continues to be porous to illicit trafficking of narcotics, weapons, cash, and people. 
and El Salvador announced a Plan for the Alliance for Prosperity of the Northern Triangle. This plan is a comprehensive approach to address the ongoing violence and instability facing these three nations by stimulating economic opportunities, improving public safety and rule of law, and strengthening institutions to increase trust in the state. 
its support for the Alliance for Prosperity and included in the President’s fiscal year 2016 budget request $1,000,000,000 in Department of State funds, to support the strategy for United States engagement in Central America. According to the strategy, this funding will be focused on promoting prosperity and regional economic integration, enhancing security, and promoting improved governance. 
budget request for the strategy for United States engagement in Central America includes any funding for Department of Defense programs in the region. 
roles and missions, is executing a plan to address security challenges in Central America in conjunction with the United States Strategy for Engagement in Central America. 
United States to prioritize a Plan Central America to address the threatening levels of violence, 
instability, illicit trafficking, and transnational organized crime that challenge the sovereignty of Central American nations and security of the United States. In order to address such issues, the Department of Defense shall— 
Defense as the lead agency to detect and monitor the aerial and maritime illicit trafficking into the United States; 
Defense to support aerial and maritime illicit trafficking interdiction efforts; 
Defense to build partnership capacity with partner nations in Central America to confront security challenges through increased training opportunities, education, and exercises; 
America addressing all levels of instability including development, education, economic, political, and security challenges. 
the following: ‘‘, other than in the case of voyage repairs’’; and 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4585), as amended by section 1021 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383, 124 Stat. 4348), is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
striking ‘‘not more that’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than’’; and 
section, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, inactivate, or place in storage a cruiser or dock landing ship. 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3490), the Secretary of the Navy shall begin the modernization of two cruisers during fiscal year 2016 only after the receipt of the materiel required to begin such modernization. Such modernization shall include— 
FOR REMOVAL OF BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES FROM TICONDEROGA CLASS CRUISERS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used to remove ballistic missile defense capabilities from any of the 5 Ticonderoga class cruisers equipped with such capabilities until the Secretary of the Navy certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Navy has— 
required by the most recent Navy Force Structure Assessment; or 
REWARDS THROUGH GOVERNMENT PERSONNEL OF ALLIED FORCES AND CERTAIN OTHER MODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAM TO PROVIDE REWARDS. 
for section 127b of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
at the beginning of chapter 3 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 127b and inserting the following new item: 
Section 130f of title 10, United States Code, is 
OBLIGATION AND EXPENDITURE OF FUNDS FOR COMBATING TERRORISM PROGRAM. 
Section 229 of title 10, United States Code, is 
BETWEEN TERRORISTS AND INDIVIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
of communication, including telecommunications, electronic or technical means, in person, written communications, or any other means of communication, regardless of content, between any individual formerly detained at Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and any individual known or suspected to be associated with a foreign terrorist group. 
INFORMATION ABOUT RECIDIVISM OF INDIVIDUALS FORMERLY DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
FOR THE TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— 
of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO COMBAT ZONES. 
be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to a combat zone. 
the term ‘‘combat zone’’ means any area designated as a combat zone for purposes of section 112 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 112) for which the income of a member of the Armed Forces was excluded during 2014, 2015, or 2016 by reason of the member’s service on active duty in such area. 
RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF DETAINEES AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND OTHER FOREIGN ENTITIES. 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to effectuate an order affecting the disposition of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify Congress of promptly after issuance). 
in this subsection is a written certification made by the Secretary of Defense that— 
the recognized leadership of the foreign entity to which the individual detained at Guantanamo is to be transferred— 
facing a threat that is likely to substantially affect its ability to exercise control over the individual; 
as the Secretary of Defense determines are necessary to ensure that the individual cannot engage or reengage in any terrorist activity; and 
apply to any action taken by the Secretary to transfer any individual detained at Guantanamo to effectuate an order affecting the disposition of the individual that is issued by a court or competent tribunal of the United States having lawful jurisdiction (which the Secretary shall notify Congress of promptly after issuance). 
while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
taken to address the underlying purpose of, and to mitigate the risks addressed in, the paragraph or subsection to be waived. 
United States intelligence and law enforcement authorities, pursuant to a pretrial agreement, while in the custody of or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; and 
Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and 
Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
means any organization so designated by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 851; 10 U.S.C. 801 note) is repealed. 
30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General and the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and House of Representatives all covered correspondence. 
email exchange described in June 11, 2014, testimony to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives by the Secretary of Defense and the General Counsel of the Department of Defense; and 
(ii) section 8111 of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76; 128 Stat. 131); 
(iii) section 1341 of title 31, United States Code 
amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Office of the Secretary of Defense for fiscal year 2016, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date of the submission of all covered correspondence. 
OF DOCUMENTS RELATING TO THE TRANSFER OF CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO TO QATAR. 
Defense shall submit an unredacted copy of any document submitted to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives in response to a request from the Committee dated June 9, 2014, for information regarding the transfer of five individuals from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Qatar. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives an unredacted copy of any redacted document that was submitted, before the date of the enactment of this Act, in response to a request dated June 9, 2014, for information regarding the transfer of five individuals from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Qatar. 
SECRETARY OF NAVY TO USE NATIONAL SEABASED DETERRENCE FUND. 
seabased deterrence vessels’’ and inserting ‘‘a class of twelve national seabased deterrence vessels, and crossprogram coordinated procurement efforts with other nuclear powered vessels’’; 
period at the end the following: ‘‘and cross program coordinated procurement efforts with other nuclear powered vessels’’; 
may use funds deposited into the Fund to enter into contracts for advance construction of national seabased deterrence vessels to support achieving cost savings through workload management, manufacturing efficiencies, or workforce stability, or to phase fabrication activities within shipyard and manage subtier manufacturer capacity. 
funds deposited into the Fund to enter into incrementally funded contracts for advance procurement of high value, long lead time items for nuclear powered vessels to better support construction schedules and achieve cost savings through schedule reductions and properly phased installment payments. 
the Navy may use funds deposited into the Fund to provide incentives for investments in critical infrastructure at nuclear capable shipyards and critical subtier vendors. Additionally, the Secretary of the Navy may use such funds for certain cancellation costs in the event of significant changes to the Long Range Shipbuilding Strategy for nuclear powered vessels.’’; 
of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees, by March 1, 2016, and annually through the year 2025, a report on the Fund. Each such report shall identify separately the amount allocated by ship for programs, projects, and activities for construction (including design of vessels), purchase, alteration, and conversion. At a minimum, each such report shall include— 
out using funds deposited into the Fund during the fiscal year covered by the report, including the status of class design and construction efforts, including programmatic schedules, procurement schedules, and funding requirements. 
and expenditures for construction (including design of vessels), purchase, alteration, and conversion of vessels by ship for the fiscal year following the fiscal year during which the report is submitted; and 
shipyard manufacturing and fabrication activities (including subtier manufacturing of major components or subsystems).’’. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3487) is amended by striking ‘‘for the Navy for the Ohio Replacement Program’’ and inserting ‘‘to the Department of Defense’’. 
10, United States Code is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency, shall create and maintain a publicly available Internet website that provides information on the property transferred under this section and the recipients of such property. 
property transferred to law enforcement agencies under this section, listed by recipient, that includes the recipient’s location, by county and State, and the year of the transfer; 
transferred to the agency under this section, which shall be submitted by not later than 30 days after the date on which the agency takes possession of the property. 
property, the recipient submits to the Secretary written notice of the intent of the recipient to apply for the controlled property, including authorization of such application by the entity charged with legal oversight of the recipient agency; and 
with a State coordinator for the program under this section who— 
employed by a law enforcement agency or entity with oversight of law enforcement functions; 
property transferred to recipients located in that State; and 
Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the term ‘controlled property’ means any item assigned a demilitarization code of B, C, D, E, F, G, or Q under Department of Defense Manual 4160.21M, ‘Defense Materiel Disposition Manual’, or any successor document.’’. 
Agency shall enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section. Such assessment shall include an evaluation of the policies and controls governing the determination of the suitability of recipients of controlled property transferred under the program, including specific recommendations relating to the training that law enforcement agencies that receive such property should receive, at no cost to the Department of Defense, to ensure enduser proficiency in the use, maintenance, and sustainment of such property. 
later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an assessment of the Department of Defense excess property program under section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. Such assessment shall include— 
property under the program enhances the ability of law enforcement agencies to carry out counterdrug and counterterrorism activities in accordance with the purposes of the program as set forth in section 2576a of title 10, United States Code. 
Transportation Eligibility Regulation, DOD 4515.13R, to authorize spaceavailable travel for environmental morale leave by unaccompanied spouses and dependent children of members of the Armed Forces who are deployed for at least 30 consecutive days under priority category IV. 
The Secretary shall also update any other instructions, directives, or internal policies necessary to facilitate such revision. 
or concept to support the tactical, operational, or strategic needs of the combatant commanders. 
a pilot program under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2022. 
RETIREMENT OF HELICOPTER SEA COMBAT SQUADRON 84 AND 85 AIRCRAFT. 
in storage any Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 84 (HSC 84) or Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 85 (HSC85) aircraft; or 
States and allies of the United States are trained in the use of such alternatives; and 
defense committees that the replacement of such landmines by such alternatives will not endanger members of the Armed Forces of the United States or allies of the United States or pose any operational challenges and that adequate stockpiles and manufacturing capacity exists to meet the needs of the Armed Forces of the United States and allies of the United States in current deployments and anticipated contingencies. 
FUNDS FOR MODIFYING COMMAND AND CONTROL OF UNITED STATES PACIFIC FLEET. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 may be obligated or expended to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of Navy forces assigned to the Pacific Fleet. The command and control relationships in effect on October 1, 2004, shall remain in effect unless a change to such relationships is specifically authorized by a law. 
Republic of Cuba began in 1898, and United States military basing began in Cuba in 1903. 
States Southern Command, General John Kelly, testified before the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, highlighting, ‘‘Its [Naval Station Guantanamo Bay] airfield and port facilities are indispensable to the Departments of Defense, Homeland Security, and State’s operational and contingency plans. . . As the only permanent U.S. military base in Latin America and the Caribbean, its location provides persistent U.S. presence and immediate access to the region, as well as supporting a layered defense to secure the air and maritime approaches to the United States’’. 
Southern Command, retired Admiral James Stavridis, recently stated ‘‘Guantanamo Bay Naval Station has immense strategic value above and beyond its reputation as a detention facility. It is the logistic, planning, surveillance and 
basing linchpin for the U.S. Fourth Fleet, crucial to the military for disaster relief, humanitarian work, medical diplomacy, and counternarcotics, all key missions for the U.S. Navy in 
Latin America and the Caribbean. The U.S. should do all in its power to maintain its legal control over the base’’. 
Armed Services of the House of Representatives in 2012, thenCommander of United States Southern Command, General Douglas Fraser, stated, ‘‘Absent a detention facility and even following the eventual demise of the Castro regime, the strategic capability provided by the U.S. Naval Station Guantanamo Bay remains essential for executing national priorities throughout the Caribbean, Latin America, and South America’’. 
the government of Cuba, announced in December 2014, ongoing negotiations are occurring to determine the diplomatic framework between the governments of the United States and Cuba. 
began between the United States and Cuba, Cuban President Raul Castro demanded the return of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Cuba. 
State for Western Hemisphere Affairs Roberta Jacobson, in testimony in front of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representatives, stated that the return of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is ‘‘not on the table in these conversations’’, referencing current diplomatic negotiations. Later in her testimony Assistant Secretary Jacobson pointed out, referring to the possible closure of the Naval Station, that she is not a ‘‘high enough ranking person to know. . .whether it could be in the future’’. 
the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, that is ratified with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of United States Southern Command shall submit to appropriate committees of Congress, a report setting forth a military assessment of the strategic implications of United States Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
and base operations based out of United States, Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
National Security Strategy, the National Defense Strategy, and the National Military Strategy. 
Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba by other United States Government agencies. 
In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
GEOGRAPHICALLY DISTRIBUTED FORCE LAYDOWN IN THE AREA OF RESPONSIBILITY OF UNITED STATES PACIFIC COMMAND. 
1, 2016, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Pacific Command, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Department of Defense plans for implementing the geographically distributed force laydown in the area of responsibility of United States Pacific Command. 
requirements derived from the force laydown, including logistical sustainment, prepositioned stocks, sea and air lift, command and control, and intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. 
and military construction requirements derived from the force laydown. 
of Defense and its process for the formulation of previous national security strategies in place throughout the history of the United States, including an examination of the development and execution of previous strategies, as well as the factors that contributed to the development and execution of successful previous strategies with specific emphasis on— 
(ii) the most recent quadrennial defense review conducted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to section 118 of title 10, United States Code; 
(iii) the national security strategy report required under section 108 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3043); and 
(iv) any other relevant national security strategy products and documents. 
and the agencies that develop such products and documents and formulate strategy. 
Government that contribute to the national security strategy formulation process and how they fit together. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent research entity shall provide to the Secretary a report on the results of the study. Not later than 30 days after receipt of the report, the Secretary shall submit such report, together with any additional views or recommendations of the Secretary, to the congressional defense committees. 
The Secretary of Defense shall direct the Office of Net Assessment to conduct a study on the role of the Department of Defense in the formulation of longterm strategy. Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study, which shall include— 
candidate courses of action for establishing such an entity or entities, programs or projects, or supporting efforts or activities within or outside of the Government, including identification of areas or components of the Government most suited to the formulation of Department of Defense longterm strategy, or identification of new offices, organizational units, or supporting efforts within or outside of the Government focused on the development of longterm strategies for the Department; and 
MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES OF UNITED STATES NAVAL FORCES CENTRAL COMMAND AND UNITED STATES FIFTH FLEET IN BAHRAIN. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the threat posed to members of the Armed Forces of the United States Naval Forces Central Command and the United States Fifth Fleet from Naval Support Activity Bahrain and their family members should an increase in violent clashes in Bahrain make their presence in that nation untenable. 
States personnel and their families living in Bahrain, both inside and outside the confines of military installations; 
Activity in Bahrain as it relates to ongoing regional missions. 
to protect Navy personnel in the event of such an increase in instability, including an analysis of viable alternative locations for both the United States Naval Forces Central Command and the United States Fifth Fleet. 
FOR MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMY APPOINT MENTS .—Section 553 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 4346 note) is amended— 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 10101 note) is repealed. 
Section 1662 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— 
Veterans’ Care, Katrina Recovery, and Iraq Accountability Appropriations Act, 2007 (Public Law 110–28; 10 U.S.C. 1073 note) is amended— 
ASSISTANCE RELATED TO DOD A CTIVITIES .—Section 574 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 20 U.S.C. 7703b note) is amended— 
United States Code, is amended by striking section 10542. 
Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2306a) is repealed. 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 297) is repealed. 
CIVILENGINEERING SUPPLY STORES PROGRAM .— Section 345 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–26; 112 Stat. 1978) is amended— 
Section 8104 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2014 (Division C of Public Law 113–76) is repealed. 
Section 8105 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2013 (Division C of Public Law 113–6) is repealed. 
the David L. Boren National Security Education Act of 1991 (title VIII of Public Law 102183; 50 U.S.C. 1906) is repealed. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. 
46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: 
Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for a fiscal year pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Secretary of Transportation shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate the Maritime Administration authorization request for that fiscal year. 
to the Maritime Administration that the Secretary determines is appropriate.’’. 
NEEDED .—The Secretary of the Navy is not required to submit to the congressional defense committees— 
open architecture as described in Senate Report 110–077; or 
Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007 (50 U.S.C. 2911) is amended— 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 22 U.S.C. 5951 note) is amended— 
GOVERNMENT VISION PRESCRIBED IN THE NATIONAL SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 1072 of 
the National Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 50 U.S.C. 3043 note) is amended— 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1339) is amended— 
Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1340) is amended— 
8305 of title 41, United States Code, is repealed. 
Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2493) is amended— 
through ‘‘assess the technological maturity’’ and inserting ‘‘shall periodically review and assess the technological maturity’’; and 
2805 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2149) is repealed. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 124 Stat. 4153) is amended— 
Section 1034 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4593) is repealed. 
chapter 21 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 429 the following new item: 
‘‘only so long at’’ and inserting ‘‘only so long as’’. 
FORFISCAL YEAR2015.—Effective as of December 19, 2014, and as if included therein as enacted, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended as follows: 
striking ‘‘of Fiscal Year’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘for Fiscal Year’’. 
and inserting ‘‘the allotment management plan, permit, or lease required’’; 
by striking ‘‘permit or lease’’ and inserting ‘‘allotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
by striking ‘‘lease or permit’’ and inserting ‘‘allotment management plan, permit, or lease’’; and 
period at the end the following: ‘‘report using National Median Price values’’; and 
Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4578) by striking the second period at the end of the first sentence. 
amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amendments by other provisions of this Act. 
title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end of the following new section: 
close of each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the oversight and management of alternative compensatory control measures. Each such report shall include— 
Section 7903 of title 10, United States Code, is 
‘‘[t]he national defense airlift objective is to ensure that military and civil airlift resources will be able to meet defense mobilization and deployment requirements in support of US defense and foreign policies.’’. 
the need for ‘‘dialogue and cooperation with our national aviation industry,’’ and it states that ‘‘[i]t is of particular importance that the aviation industry be apprised by the Department of Defense of longterm requirements for airlift in support of national defense.’’. 
importance of both military and civil airlift resources and their interdependence in the fulfillment of the national defense airlift objective, and it states that the ‘‘Department of Defense shall establish appropriate levels for peacetime cargo airlift augmentation in order to promote the effectiveness of Civil Reserve Air Fleet and provide training within the military airlift system.’’. 
be an important component of the military airlift system in support of United States defense and foreign policies. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 9517. Level of readiness of Civil Reserve Air 
President submits the budget for a fiscal year to Congress, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that sets forth, for each fiscal year during the period covered by the current futureyears defense program under section 221 of this title, each of the following, expressed separately for passenger and cargo airlift services: 
necessary to achieve such levels of commercial airlift augmentation; 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
SURPLUS FIREARMS TO CORPORATION FOR THE PROMOTION OF RIFLE PRACTICE AND FIREARMS SAFETY . 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
and caliber .22 rimfire rifles’’ and inserting ‘‘firearms’’; and 
.30 surplus rifles’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘surplus firearms’’; and 
years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘is legally of age’’. 
345 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended— 
that terminates a reserve component’s equitable interest in the aircraft; or 
when there is a reciprocal permanent assignment of an aircraft from the regular component of the Air Force to the reserve component that does not degrade the capability of, or reduce the total number of, aircraft assigned to the reserve component. 
TO ASSESS THE THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE ATTACK. 
(Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note), known as the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attack, is hereby reestablished. 
section, the term ‘‘Commission charter’’ means title XIV of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A345 et seq.), as amended by section 1052 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 50 U.S.C. 2301 note) and section 1073 of the John Warner National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2403). 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A345) is amended by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, from nonnuclear EMP weapons, from natural EMP generated by geomagnetic storms, and from proposed uses in the military doctrines of potential adversaries of using EMP weapons in combination with other attack vectors.’’. 
the Commission charter (114 Stat. 1654A346) is amended to read as follows: 
military systems in the United States to a manmade or natural EMP event, giving special attention to the progress made by the Department of Defense, other Government departments and agencies of the United States, and entities of the private sector in taking steps to protect such systems from such an event. 
from state and nonstate actors of a manmade EMP attack employing nuclear or nonnuclear weapons. 
islanded for protection against manmade or natural EMP, which States should receive highest priority for protecting critical defense assets and for maximizing survival of the national population.’’. 
charter (114 Stat. 1654A345) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2017’’. 
Defense, in consultation with the President and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall develop a strategy for the Department of Defense to counter unconventional warfare threats posed by adversarial state and nonstate actors. 
of the Department of Defense with respect to countering unconventional warfare threats. 
interagency capabilities and wholeofGovernment activities required by the Department of Defense to support a counterunconventional warfare strategy. 
counterunconventional warfare capabilities, authorities, and command structures of the Department of Defense. 
joint doctrine to support counterunconventional warfare capabilities within the Department of Defense. 
and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff determine necessary. 
is submitted to Congress for each of fiscal years 2018 through 2023, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a mine countermeasures (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘‘MCM’’) master plan. Each such plan shall include each of the following: 
properly command and control air and surface MCM forces from fleet level down through to element level and to provide necessary operational and tactical control and awareness of such forces to facilitate mission accomplishment and defense. 
promising potential for use for improving mine warfare and of programs for transitioning such technologies from the testing and evaluation phases to procurement. 
mine warfare responsibilities, requirements, and capabilities, which shall include proposed methods to ensure the material readiness of each asset and the training level of the force, a general summary, and readiness trends. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the recommendations of the Secretary regarding the force structure and ensuring the operational effectiveness of the surface mine warfare force through 2025 based on current capabilities and capacity, replacement schedules, and service life extensions or retirement schedules. Such report shall include an assessment of the MCM vessels, including the decommissioned MCM1 and MCM2 ships and the potential of such ships for reserve operating status. 
BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON ORDERED EVACUATIONS OF UNITED STATES EMBASSIES AND CONSULATES INVOLVING THE USE OF UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES. 
Defense and the Secretary of State shall provide a joint briefing to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 15 days after the initiation of an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate involving the use of the United States Armed Forces. 
embassy or consulate, including United States citizens and locallyemployed staff. 
from which the Department of State will continue to conduct the duties and responsibilities of the embassy or consulate. 
States Government property and whether such property was destroyed, disabled, abandoned or otherwise left behind, or remains in the possession of United States Government personnel. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
TRANSPORTATION COSTS INCURRED BY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR CONGRESSIONAL TRIPS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
BYSECRETARY .—In the case of a trip taken by 
a Member, officer, or employee of the House of Representatives or Senate in carrying out official duties outside the United States for which the Department of Defense provides transportation, the Secretary of Defense shall— 
provided with respect to the Member, officer, or employee; 
House of Representatives (in the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the House) or the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate (in the case of a trip taken by a Member, officer, or employee of the Senate); and 
with respect to any trip the sole purpose of which is to visit one or more United States military installations or to visit United States military personnel in a war zone (or both). 
means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and any other territory or possession of the United States. 
with respect to trips taken on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, except that this section does not apply with respect to any trip which began prior to such date. 
AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOWANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFICIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Section 1603 of title 10, United States Code, is 
is assigned be in support of Department of Defense activities abroad.’’. 
PAY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEARPOWERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 888) is amended— 
‘‘(II) incurred, or is performing, an initial period of obligated service in a reserve component of the armed forces of not less than 6 consecutive years; or 
‘‘(ii) who has completed at least 10 years of 
service in a reserve component of the armed forces in each of which the individual was credited with at least 50 points under section 12732 of title 10 toward the computation of years of service under section 12732 of title 10 for purposes of eligibility for retired pay under chapter 1223 of title 10; and 
receipt of, retired pay for nonregular service under chapter 1223 of title 10;’’; 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
inconsistent with any provision of chapter 74 of title 38, this section shall be deemed to supersede, override or otherwise modify such provision of chapter 74 of title 38.’’. 
SUPPORT FOR COALITION FORCES SUPPORTING CERTAIN UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
period beginning on October 1, 2014, and ending on December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘during the period beginning on October 1, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2016’’; and 
coordination with the Secretary of State, shall develop a strategic framework for Department of Defense security cooperation to guide prioritization of resources and activities. 
priorities, and desired endstates of Department of Defense security cooperation programs. 
(iii) constraints or limitations due to bureaucratic impediments, interagency processes, or congressional requirements; (iv) validation of requirements; and 
gaps among Department of Defense security cooperation authorities and how these authorities complement or overlap with Department of State security assistance authorities. 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
1205 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 897; 32 U.S.C. 107 note) is amended by adding at the end before the period the following: ‘‘to support the national interests and security cooperation goals and objectives of the United States, including applicable policy and guidelines for United States security sector assistance’’. 
(as redesignated) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
clause (ii), the Secretary of Defense shall establish on the books of the Department of Defense 
transfers, in such amounts as provided in appropriations Acts, to the Fund from amounts authorized and appropriated to the Department of Defense, including amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’; 
competencies’’ means militarytomilitary and militarytocivilian skills and capabilities of the National Guard, consistent with the roles and missions of the Armed Forces as established by the Secretary of Defense.’’; and 
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Virgin Islands.’’. 
RECIPROCAL EXCHANGES OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
111–84; 123 Stat. 2514; 10 U.S.C. 168 note), as 
amended by section 1202 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1980), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2017’’. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most recently amended by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3546), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3547), is further amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016’’. 
fiscal year 2015 may not exceed $1,200,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘during fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $1,260,000,000’’; and 
national security interests in ensuring that Afghanistan is a stable, sovereign country; 
should be applauded for his leadership and commitment to ensuring that Afghanistan remains stable, secure, and a friend of the United States; 
States to maintain 9,800 United States troops in Afghanistan through all of 2015 to train, advise, and assist and conduct counterterrorism missions in Afghanistan is the appropriate approach, is consistent with United States national security interests, and should be supported by Congress; 
States troops only on a pace that is consistent with the ability of the Afghan National Security Forces to sustain itself and secure Afghanistan and should review maintaining the United States advisory mission in Afghanistan beyond 2016; 
and advisory support for the 352,000 Afghan National Security Forces personnel and 30,000 Afghan Local Police, including intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance support, through 2018; 
should have the independent capability to prevent groups such as alQaeda, the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, and other terrorist and insurgent groups from being able to conduct destabilizing attacks and military operations inside Afghanistan or against the United States and its allies and holding or governing territory; and 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as amended by section 1231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3556), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2016’’. 
such section, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘March 31, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2017’’. 
It is the sense of Congress that it is in the interest of the United States to continue to assist Afghan partners, and their immediate families, 
who have served as translators or interpreters and those who have performed sensitive and trusted activities for United States forces. 
2015’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2016 may not exceed $143,000,000.’’; and 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. The report shall include the following: 
Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq, in conjunction with other United States programs, such as Foreign Military Financing program and the Foreign Military Sales program, will address the capability gaps of the Iraqi Security Forces and coordinate activities to provide for the training and equipping of the Iraqi Security Forces. 
by the operational environment in Iraq on the ability of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq to carry out its mission. 
Armed Services of the House of Representatives, General Martin Dempsey, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff stated, ‘‘The global security environment is as uncertain as I have seen in my 40 years of service.’’. 
Armed Services of the Senate, the Director of National Intelligence, James Clapper, stated: ‘‘Sunni violent extremists are gaining momentum and the number of Sunni violent extremist groups, members, and safe havens is greater than at any other point in history.’’. 
Services of the House of Representatives, Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency stated, ‘‘. . .whether it be the number of violent Islamist groups, the territory which they control, the scale and scope of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and associated movements, the number of terrorist attacks they perpetrate, the numbers of causalities they inflict, their broad expansion and use of the internet, or just their sheer barbarism; I can draw no other conclusion than to say that the threat of Islamic extremism has reached an unacceptable level and that it is growing.’’. 
Armed Services of the Senate, James Clapper, the Director of National Intelligence, stated the following: 
will have been the most lethal year for global terrorism in the 45 years such data has been 
compiled . . . about half of all attacks, as well 
as fatalities, in 2014 occurred in just three countries: Iraq, Pakistan and Afghanistan . . . the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) conducted more attacks than any other terrorist 
20,000 Sunni foreign fighters have traveled to Syria from more than 90 countries to fight the Assad regime . . . of that number, at least 13,600 have extremist ties.’’. 
gone to Syria and Iraq. Hundreds have returned home to Europe.’’. 
most capable affiliates, has the intent and capability to attack the United States and its allies, and attempted attacks inside the United States on December 25, 2009, and October 27, 2010. 
Armed Services of the Senate, former Vice Chief of Staff of the Army, General Jack Keane (retired), stated, ‘‘Is it possible to . . . claim that the United States policy and strategy is working or that alQaeda is on the run? It is unmistakable that our policies have failed . . . And the unequivocal explanation is U.S. policy has focused on disengaging from the Middle East.’’. 
Armed Services of the Senate, former commander of United States Central Command, General James Mattis (retired), stated, ‘‘We have lived too long in a strategyfree mode . . . America needs a refreshed national strategy . . . And our Nation’s strategy demands a comprehensive approach.’’. 
States and threats against United States interests have increased due to the growth of Islamic extremism, the proliferation of terrorist groups across the world, and the instability in the Middle East in countries such as Libya, Yemen, Iraq, and Syria; 
Iran are trying to work against United States interests in the Middle East; 
role in coordinating the activities of the United States and its allies and partners and should seek opportunities to expand such cooperation to contribute to greater stability in the Middle East; 
steps to prevent the spread of malign Iranian influence in Iraq, Syria, Yemen, and the region; 
2016, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to the specified congressional committees a comprehensive strategy for the Middle East and to counter Islamic extremism. 
and end state for the United States in the Middle East and with respect to Islamic extremism. 
counter Islamic extremism, including Islamic ideology, strategy, and tactics globally. 
nonstate actors the United States will address to counter Islamic extremism. 
In the section, the term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND THE LEVANT. 
be appropriated in this Act for Overseas Contingency Operations in title XV for fiscal year 2016, there are authorized to be appropriated $715,000,000 to carry out such section. 
follows through ‘‘Any provision of law’’ and inserting ‘‘any provision of law’’; and 
amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
in this subparagraph are that the Government of Iraq— 
‘‘(ii) is increasing political inclusiveness; ‘‘(iii) is conducting efforts sufficient to reduce 
support for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and improve stability in Iraq; 
stopping abuses of elements of the Iraqi population by such militias; 
and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to security forces with a national security mission in Iraq, including the Kurdish Peshmerga, Sunni tribal security forces with a national security mission, and the Iraqi Sunni National Guard; 
sectarian minorities who have been arrested and held without trial or to charge and try such prisoners in a fair, transparent, and prompt manner; and 
‘‘(ix) is taking such other actions as the Secretaries consider appropriate. 
Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2753) and chapter 2 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2311 et seq.). 
provide United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve with the necessary force protection and combat search and rescue support; 
tasked with the mission of providing combat search and rescue support, casualty evacuation, and medical support for Operation Inherent Resolve should not be counted as part of any limitation on the number of United States ground forces for Operation Inherent Resolve; 
States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve should be staged as forward as possible and as proximate to such United States Armed Forces as practicable given the operating environment and also should not be subject to any limitation on the number of United States ground forces for Operation Inherent Resolve; and 
and military commanders on the ground in support of Operation Inherent Resolve should continuously evaluate the force protection and combat search and rescue support requirements, and the associated measures that are being taken to support such requirements, in order to ensure that such requirements and associated measures are sufficient given the operating environment and optimally postured. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 90 days thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve for the most recent month for which data is available, delineated by service, component, country, and military task. 
States Armed Forces conducting force protection and combat search and rescue, delineated by country, location in such country, and capability. 
authorities for United States Armed Forces deployed in support of Operation Inherent Resolve. 
be appropriated in this Act for Overseas Contingency Operations in title XV for fiscal year 2016, there are authorized to be appropriated $531,500,000 to carry out this section.’’. 
with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may provide assistance on a reimbursement basis to the Government of Jordan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan to sustain security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq. 
to be appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Assistance for the Border Security of Jordan’’ in title XV for fiscal year 2016, there are authorized to be appropriated $300,000,000 to carry out this section. 
In the section, the term ‘‘specified congressional committees’’ means— 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the following: 
to combat the flow of foreign fighters through its country into Syria. 
of section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2544), as amended by section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 920), is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
2015, between the countries of the P5+1 (the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, and China) and Iran on a Comprehensive Joint Plan of Action (CJPOA) provides sanctions relief in exchange for constraints on Iran’s nuclear program for a limited period of time. 
as a statesponsor of terrorism since 1984 and for the past decade has characterized Iran as the ‘‘most active state sponsor of terrorism’’ in the world. 
Lebanon, the Bashar alAssad regime in Syria, Shia militias in Iraq, Hamas in Gaza, the Houthi rebels in Yemen, and other terrorist organizations and extremists globally. 
activities across the Middle East and around the globe, which has and will continue to destabilize the region. As the Commander of United States Central Command testified to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on March 3, 2015, ‘‘the leaders in the region. . . are also equally concerned about Iran’s ability to mine the Straits, Iran’s cyber capabilities, Iran’s. . . ballistic missile capability, as well as the activity of their Quds forces... And so whether we get a deal or don’t get a deal, I think they will still share those concerns.’’. 
the region pose a threat to United States interests, the interests of United States allies in the region, and international security. 
sanctions against Iran, once relieved, will be extremely difficult to reconstitute in response to Iranian violations of its international obligations; 
nuclearthreshold state under the framework of the CJPOA, which will likely lead to the proliferation of nuclear weapons across the Middle East; 
the defense of allies and partners in the region, including Israel, strengthening ballistic missile defense capabilities, and increasing security assistance; 
States allies to exercise their legitimate right to selfdefense against the Government of Iran. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report regarding the military posture required in the Middle East to deter Iran from developing a nuclear weapon. 
Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress quarterly notifications on the testing, production, deployment, and sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the ClubK cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
to the appropriate committees of Congress not less than quarterly updates on the coordination of allied responses to the deployment or sale or transfer to other states or nonstate actors of the ClubK cruise missile system by the Russian Federation. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff shall develop a strategy to detect, defend against, and defeat the ClubK cruise missile system, including opportunities for allied contributions to such efforts based on consultations with such allies. 
2016, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the appropriate committees of 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
NUCLEAR WEAPONS BY RUSSIAN FEDERATION TO TERRITORY OF UKRAINIAN REPUBLIC. 
Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees quarterly notifications on the status of the Russian Federation conducting exercises with, planning or preparing to deploy, or deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic. 
days after the Secretary determines that there is reasonable grounds to believe that the Russian Federation has deployed covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of such determination. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff shall develop a strategy to respond to the military threat posed by the Russian Federation deploying covered weapons systems onto the territory of the Ukranian Republic, including opportunities for allied cooperation in developing such responses based on consultation with such allies. 
the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees the following: 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
‘‘covered weapons systems’’ means weapons systems that can perform both conventional and nuclear missions, nuclear weapon delivery systems, and nuclear warheads. 
shall not be in effect on and after the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
‘‘ we need to first and foremost signal that we cannot accept this change and that, if this change is continued, that we will have to change the cost calculus for Russia in order to help them to find their way to a less bellicose position.’’. 
Chiefs of Staff testified that, ‘‘I think we have to make it very clear that things like their compliance with the INF treaty that there will be political, diplomatic and potentially military costs in terms of the way we posture ourselves and the way we plan and work with our allies to address those provocations. . .It concerns me greatly. I certainly would counsel them not to roll back the clock.’’. 
in 2009 that, ‘‘Rules must be binding. Violations must be punished. Words must mean something.’’. 
by the Russian Federation threatens the viability of the INF Treaty; 
end its cheating with respect to the INF Treaty, but also its illegal occupation of the sovereign territory of another nation, its plans for stationing nuclear weapons on that nation’s territory, and its cheating and violation of as many 
as eight of its 12 arms control obligations and 
flighttested, deployed, or possesses a military system that has achieved an initial operating capability of a covered missile system; and 
begun steps to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to inspections and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any covered missile system will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force. 
the date of the enactment, and every 120day period thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification on the status and content of updates provided to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and allies of the United States in East Asia, on the Russian Federation’s flight testing, operating capability and deployment of a covered missile system, including updates on the status and a description of efforts with such allies to develop collective responses, including economic and military responses, to the Russian Federation’s arms control violations, including violations of the INF Treaty. 
FEDERATION VIOLATION OF THE TREATY ON INTERMEDIATE RANGE NUCLEAR FORCES .— 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President determines that the Russian Federation has not begun steps to return to full compliance with the INF Treaty, including by agreeing to inspections and verification measures necessary to achieve high confidence that any covered missile system will be eliminated, as required by the INF Treaty upon its entry into force, the President shall begin developing the following military capabilities: 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to meet military requirements and current capability gaps. In making such a selection, the Chairman shall give priority to such capabilities that the Chairman determines could be tested and fielded most expediently, with the most priority given to capabilities that the Chairman determines could be fielded in two years. 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the following: 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their IntermediateRange and ShorterRange Missiles, commonly referred to as the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington, December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
ASSESSMENT OF PROPOSAL TO MODIFY OR INTRODUCE NEW AIRCRAFT OR SENSORS FOR FLIGHT BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION UNDER OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the commander of each relevant combatant command’’. 
Lithuania are highly valued allies of the United States, and they have repeatedly demonstrated 
their commitment to advancing our mutual interests as well as those of the NATO Alliance. 
exercises and coordinating efforts meant to demonstrate the United States’ commitment to the Baltic States of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, and the United StatesBaltic partnership’s shared goal of peace and stability in the region. Built upon the common values of peace, stability and prosperity, Operation Atlantic Resolve strengthens communication and understanding, and is an important effort to deter Russian aggression against the Baltic States. 
European Reassurance Initiative undertakes exercises, training, and rotational presence necessary to reassure and integrate our Baltic State allies into a common defense framework. 
NATOled International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sending disproportionate numbers of troops and operating with few caveats. They also continue to engage in the Resolute Support Mission in Afghanistan. 
collective defense as enshrined in Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty for our NATO allies, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania; 
territorial integrity, and inviolability of Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania as well as their internationally recognized borders, and expresses concerns over increasingly aggressive military maneuvering by Russia near their borders and airspace; 
enhance defense cooperation efforts with Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania and supports the efforts of their Governments to provide for the defense of their people and sovereign territory. 
States and has repeatedly demonstrated its commitment to advancing the mutual interests of both countries, including the deployment of Georgian forces as part of the NATOled International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) in Afghanistan and the MultiNational Force in Iraq. 
builds the partnership capacity of Georgia so it can work more closely with the United States and NATO, as well as provide for their own defense. 
Initiative, Georgia’s participation in the NATO initiative Partnership for Peace is paramount to interoperability with the United States and NATO, and establishing a more peaceful environment in the region. 
the United States and Georgia and the efforts of the Government of Georgia to provide for the defense of its people and sovereign territory. 
THE 70TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE END OF ALLIED MILITARY ENGAGEMENT IN THE PACIFIC THEATER. 
World War in December 1941, following the Empire of Japan’s attack on Pearl Harbor, and over the next four years Americans participated in what was arguably the greatest national endeavor in the Nation’s history. 
Japan announced the unconditional surrender of Japan’s military forces, made formal on September 2, 1945, aboard the U.S.S. Missouri in Tokyo Bay, Japan, thus ending the most devastating war in human history. 
of the United States Armed Forces and the military forces of the Allied Powers who served valiantly to rescue the Pacific nations from tyranny and aggression should be always remembered. 
of Allied military engagement in the Pacific theater, and also marking the end of Second World War; 
respect and appreciation to the members of the United States Armed Forces who served in the Pacific theater during the Second World War; 
who made the ultimate sacrifice and gave their lives for their country during the campaigns in the Pacific theater during the Second World War; and 
from the history of the Second World War in the Pacific theater and recognizes the close alliance between the United States and Japan, codified in the 1960 Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan, that continues to be enhanced to maintain peace and prosperity in the region. 
CONSOLIDATION OF UNITED STATES MILITARY FACILITIES IN OKINAWA, JAPAN. 
United States and Japan to fulfill the April 27, 2012, agreement of the United StatesJapan Security Consultative Committee that modified the United StatesJapan Roadmap for Realignment Implementation, originally codified on May 1, 
2006, including the Governor of Okinawa signing the landfill permit for Henoko construction on December 27, 2013, and the elimination of restrictions on Government of Japan contributions for the realignment of Marine Corps forces in the AsiaPacific region by section 2821 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113– 291). 
United States military property in Okinawa to the local government. 
and the return of formerly used United States military property in Okinawa will be implemented as soon as possible, while ensuring operational capability, including training capability, throughout the consolidation process. 
forces from Okinawa to Guam is ‘‘delinked’’ from progress on the construction of the Futenma Replacement Facility in Henoko, there must be continued progress on Guam and Okinawa to meet the agreement. 
Congress that the Henoko location for the Futenma Replacement Facility— 
decades, reaffirmed by both the United States and Japan on several occasions, including the 2010 Futenma Replacement Facility Bilateral Experts study and the independent assessment required by section 346 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1373); and 
an overall strategy to promote United States interests in the IndoAsiaPacific region. Such strategy shall be informed by the following: 
with the Government of Japan as a cornerstone of peace and security in the region, based on shared values of democracy, the rule of law, free and open markets, and respect for human rights in order to promote peace, security, stability, and economic prosperity in the AsiaPacific region; 
in Japanese defense policy, including the adoption of collective selfdefense and the new bilateral Guidelines for U.S.Japan Defense Cooperation which were approved on April 27, 2015, and will promote a more balanced and effective alliance to meet the emerging security challenges of this century; 
Senkaku Islands are under the administration of Japan and opposes any unilateral actions that would seek to undermine such administration and remains committed under the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security to respond to any armed attack in the territories under the administration of Japan; and 
to the Government of Japan under Article V of the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security that ‘‘[e]ach Party recognizes that an armed attack against either Party in the territories under the administration of Japan would be dangerous to its own peace and safety and declares that it would act to meet the common danger in accordance with its constitutional provisions and processes’’. 
of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4579), as most recently amended by section 1261 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 
available for support of nonconventional assisted recovery activities under this subsection in any fiscal year may not exceed $25,000,000.’’. 
appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a detailed assessment, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and methods, of the adherence of other nations to obligations undertaken in all arms control, nonproliferation, and disarmament agreements or commitments to which the United States is a party, including information of cases in which any such nation has behaved inconsistently with respect to its obligations undertaken in such agreements or commitments. 
CONDUCT ACTIVITIES TO ENHANCE THE CAPABILITY OF FOREIGN COUNTRIES TO RESPOND TO INCIDENTS INVOLVING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. 
FUNDS FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION, AIR FORCE, FOR ARMS CONTROL IMPLEMENTATION. 
the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F) may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the following: 
into during such meetings of the Open Skies Consultative Commission. 
for modifications to the aircraft or sensors of any State Party to the Open Skies Treaty that will be subject to the Open Skies Treaty. 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
Skies Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. 
around the world as a means of avoiding detection or circumventing defenses. 
the southern border of the United States for more than 11 years, and the Department of Homeland Security has been working to address this threat. 
terrorists are now actively using tunnels as a means of attack, and news reports indicate that tunnels are being used in Syria as well. 
successful tactics, and it is only a matter of time before other terrorist organizations begin using tunnels. 
those of the allies of the United States, could be under threat very quickly if tunnel threats continue to proliferate. 
Gilad Shalit through a tunnel and held him for five years. 
tunnels during the conflict with Hamas in the summer of 2014, 14 of which crossed into Israel. 
human shields by placing its underground tunnel network in densely populated areas and schools, hospitals, and mosques. 
in its vast network of tunnels in Gaza has caused civilian casualties through secondary and tertiary explosions. 
at 38 percent, it is estimated that Hamas spends $3,000,000 per tunnel. 
moon said he was ‘‘shocked by the tunnels used for the infiltration of terrorists’’. 
in southern Lebanon to move Hezbollah fighters and to launch attacks. 
digging new tunnels on the Gaza border. Israel has a right to defend itself from the violence of Palestinian terrorist groups, including the violence that is facilitated through terrorist tunnel networks. 
with the Government of Israel to develop technologies to detect and neutralize tunnels penetrating the territory of Israel. 
States to develop technology to detect and counter tunnels, and the best way to do this is to partner with other affected countries; and 
tunnels and should be the first partner of the United States in addressing this significant challenge. 
of the Government of Israel, is authorized to carry out research, development, and test activities on a joint basis with Israel to establish an antitunneling defense system to detect, map, and neutralize underground tunnels into and directed at the territory of Israel. 
nonrecurring engineering costs in connection with the establishment of a capacity for coproduction in the United States; 
rights to any intellectual property developed under the cooperative research and development projects; and 
receive quarterly reports on expenditure of funds by the Government of Israel, including a description of what the funds have been used for, when funds were expended, and an identification of entities that expended the funds. 
year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: 
installations of the United States or allies of the United States. 
faced by potential adversaries of the United States with respect to using tunnels. 
the United States under this section, and potential opportunities for increased partnerships with other allies with respect to researching tunnel detection technologies and the opportunities for codevelopment or coproduction. 
Statement of the Committee of Conference accompanying the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2012 directed the Secretary of State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to develop and submit to Congress a multiyear strategy to prevent and respond to genderbased violence. 
(77 Fed. Reg. 49345) established the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to GenderBased Violence Globally, which required the Department of Defense to participate in an Interagency Working Group cochaired by the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development to implement the Strategy. 
Committee of Conference accompanying the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (H.R. 3979, Public Law 113291), encouraged the Department of Defense to support the continued implementation of the United States Strategy to Prevent and Respond to GenderBased Violence Globally and to participate in the Interagency Working Group. 
years of August 12, 2012, that the Interagency Working Group shall complete a final evaluation of the Strategy and within 180 days of completing its final evaluation, the Interagency Working Group shall update or revise the Strategy to take into account the information learned and the progress made during and through the implementation of the Strategy. 
promote regional and global stability and advance sustainable peace and security; 
will effectively prevent and respond to gender based violence globally; and 
relating to the Department of Defense are fully implemented to prevent genderbased violence globally. 
GENDER BASED VIOLENCE PREVENTION AND RESPONSE .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure 
Strategy to Prevent and Respond to Gender Based Violence Globally, as appropriate; and 
Armed Forces, Department of Defense personnel, and contractors and military observers on preventing and responding to violence against women and girls globally in conflict, postconflict, and humanitarian relief settings; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report on efforts to prevent and respond to genderbased violence globally made under a United States strategy. 
Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
term ‘‘fiscal year 2016 Cooperative Threat Reduction funds’’ means the funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711). 
Of the $358,496,000 authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in section 4301 for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes specified: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the National Defense Sealift Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4501, for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense in providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the National Sea Based Deterrence Fund, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, is 
amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
means the placement, for nondisciplinary reasons, of an employee in a temporary status in which the employee has no duties and is not paid, but does not include administrative leave or an excused absence.’’. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, as 
amended by section 1421, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
From amounts available for Working Capital Fund, Defense, the Secretary shall reserve up to $1,000,000,000, to remain available without fiscal year limitation, for petroleum market price fluctuations. Such amounts may only be disbursed if the Secretary determines such a disbursement is necessary to absorb volatile market changes in fuel prices without affecting the standard price charged for fuel. 
AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
for fiscal year 2016 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS 
is to authorize appropriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 to provide additional funds— 
otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4303. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, 
test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in— 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2016 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2016 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). 
this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. 
James Clapper (retired), Director of National Intelligence, testified to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate that ‘‘Russian dominance over the former Soviet space is Russia’s highest foreign policy goal’’. 
Vladimir Putin, has demonstrated its intent to expand its sphere of influence beyond its borders and limit Western influence in the region. 
Ukraine Freedom Support Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–272), which gives the President the authority to expand assistance to Ukraine, increase economic sanctions on Russia, and provide equipment to counter offensive weapons. 
Brookings Institute, and the Chicago Council on Global Affairs published a report entitled ‘‘Preserving Ukraine’s Independence, Resisting Russian Aggression: What the United States and NATO Must Do’’ advocating for increased United States assistance to Ukraine with nonlethal and lethal defensive equipment. 
Minsk Agreement, it has continued to violate the terms of the agreement, as noted by Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs, Victoria Nuland, at the German Marshall Fund Brussels Forum in March 2015: ‘‘We’ve seen month on month, more lethal weaponry of a higher caliber...poured into Ukraine by the separatist Russian allies...the number one thing is for Russia to stop sending arms over the border so we can have real politics.’’. 
continues to increase their show of force globally, including frequent international military flights, frequent snap exercises of thousands of Russian troops, increased global naval presence, and the threat of the use of nuclear weapons in defense of the annexation of Crimea in March 2014. 
continues to exert and increase undue influence on the free will of sovereign nations and people with intimidation tactics, covert operations, cyber warfare, and other unconventional methods. 
Services of the House of Representatives in February 2015, Commander of European Command, General Philip Breedlove, United States Air Force, stated that ‘‘Russia has employed ‘hybrid warfare’...to illegally seize Crimea, foment separatist fever in several sovereign nations, and maintain frozen conflicts within its socalled ‘sphere of influence’ or ‘near abroad’’’. 
warfare by Russia presents challenges to the United States and its partners and allies in addressing the threat. 
Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), Congress authorized and appropriated $1 billion for the European Reassurance Initiative, which 
supports Operation Atlantic Resolve of the United States Armed Forces. 
served as a valuable tool in strengthening the partnerships with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) as well as partnerships with nonmember allies in the region. 
Wales, NATO has initiated a Readiness Action Plan to increase partner nation funding and resourcing to combat Russian aggression. NATO’s efforts with the Readiness Action Plan and United States investment in regional security through the European Reassurance Initiative will serve to continue and reinforce the strength and fortitude of the alliance against nefarious actors. 
year 2016 includes $789.3 million to continue the European Reassurance Initiative focus on increased United States military troop rotations in support of Operation Atlantic Resolve, maintaining and further expanding increasing regional exercises, and building partnership capacity. 
the United States to continue and expand its efforts in Europe to reassure United States allies and partners and deter further aggression and intimidation by the Russian Government, in order to enhance security and stability in the region. This policy shall include— 
partners in Europe, including the provision of both nonlethal equipment and lethal equipment of a defensive nature to Ukraine. 
Secretary of Defense is authorized, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training, equipment, lethal weapons of a defensive nature, logistics support, supplies and services, and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, through September 30, 2016, to assist the government of Ukraine for the following purposes: 
Secretary of State, submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report in unclassified form with a classified annex as appropriate that contains a description of the plan for providing such assistance, including a description of the types of training and equipment to be provided, the estimated number and role of United States Armed Forces personnel involved, the potential or actual locations of any training, and any other relevant details. 
training, equipment, or other assistance under this section during the preceding 90day period. 
under this section during the preceding 90day period, including a detailed breakout of any lethal assistance provided. 
be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 by this title for overseas contingency operations, $200,000,000 shall be available to carry out this section. 
section shall be construed to constitute a specific statutory authorization for the introduction of United States Armed Forces into hostilities or into situations in which hostilities are clearly indicated by the circumstances. 
to be appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2016 for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, there are authorized to be appropriated $50,000,000 to be used for the recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, including modification of facilities of the Ministry of the Interior and Ministry of Defense to accommodate female service members and police. 
subsection shall be construed to modify the distribution of funds for programs and activities supported using the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, but rather shall ensure attention to recruitment and retention of women within each program and activity. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees an inventory of the facilities and services of the Afghan Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior that are lacking in adequate resources for Afghan female service members and police, including resources relating to training, improvement to buildings, transportation, security equipment, and new construction. 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
agency to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization. 
National Defense Authorization Act For Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3616) is repealed. 
key element of the national defense of the United States. 
national security space advantage of the United States is facing the most challenging environment it has ever faced. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
shall include with the defense budget materials for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020 a report on the budget for national security space 
previous budget, the most recent and prior futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title, and the amounts appropriated for such programs during the previous fiscal year; and 
submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
respect to a fiscal year, means the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget for that fiscal year.’’. 
Section 2272 of title 10, United States Code, is 
National Intelligence shall jointly develop and implement a space science and technology strategy and shall review and, as appropriate, revise the strategy biennially. Functions of the Secretary under this section shall be carried out jointly by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the official of the Department of Defense designated as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for Space.’’. 
of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
including tailored documentation and review processes, that enables the effective, efficient, and expedient transition from the use of nonallied space launch engines to a domestic alternative for national security space launches; and 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the rocket propulsion system required by section 1604 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), the Secretary of Defense may obligate or expend such funds only for the development of such system, and the necessary interfaces to the launch vehicle, to replace nonallied space launch engines by 2019 as required by such section. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate (and make available to any other congressional defense committee) a 
CONTRACTING WITH RUSSIAN SUPPLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
Section 1608 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3626; 10 U.S.C. 2271 note) is amended to read as follows: 
RUSSIAN SUPPLIERS OF ROCKET ENGINES FOR THE EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE PROGRAM. 
covered by the contract could not be obtained at a fair and reasonable price without the use of rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation. 
options under the contract numbered FA8811– 13–C–0003 and awarded on December 18, 2013; or 
awarded for the procurement of property or services for space launch activities that includes the use of rocket engines designed or manufactured in the Russian Federation if, prior to February 1, 2014, the contractor had fully paid for such rocket engines or had entered into a contract to procure such rocket engines. 
Section 913 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2281 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the date of the enactment of this Act, in recognition of the emerging competitive environment, the acquisition strategy and contracting plan should eliminate the currently structured evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability arrangement; 
with evolved expendable launch vehicle providers regarding the requirement for certified cost and pricing data, selection of contract types, and the appropriate audits to protect the taxpayer; and 
in budgeting and acquisition of capabilities as well as the flexibility to the Federal Government to appropriately manage the launch manifest in case of delays in the delivery of satellites or other changes to mission requirements. 
Air Force shall discontinue the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability arrangement, as structured as of the date of the enactment of this Act, by the later of— 
for the national security interests of the United States; 
with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary shall— 
Government with, and any assistance provided by the Federal Government to, certified evolved expendable launch vehicle providers, including the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability; 
for launch services in a national security space mission pursuant to a competitive acquisition, the evaluation shall account for the value of the evolved expendable launch vehicle launch capability arrangement per contract line item numbers in the bid price of the offeror as appropriate per launch. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the Secretary to meet the requirements of the Department of Defense for satellite communications, including with respect to— 
certifies to the congressional defense committees that such plan will— 
of Defense for cloud characterization and theater weather imagery; and 
Section 1605 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
established by the Secretary to meet the goals of the pilot program.’’; 
to Congress the budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2020, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the pilot program.’’. 
shall ensure that the Department of Defense does not rely on, or in the future plan to rely on, spacebased weather data provided by the Government of China, the Government of Russia, or an entity owned or controlled by the Government of China or the Government of Russia for national security purposes. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
identified needs to rapidly reconstitute or replenish critical space capabilities; 
shall evaluate options for the use of current assets of the Department of Defense for the purpose of rapid reconstitution of critical space based warfighter enabling capabilities. 
It is the sense of Congress that, as outlined in 
the National Space Policy of 2010, the United States should employ a variety of measures to help assure the use of space for all responsible parties, and, consistent with the inherent right of selfdefense, deter others from interference and attack, defend the space systems of the United States and contribute to the defense of allied space systems, and, if deterrence fails, defeat efforts to attack them. 
require significantly improved sensors in space to provide tracking, discrimination, and more. 
Congress that a robust multimission space sensor network will be vital to ensuring a strong missile defense system. 
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense to serve as the executive agent for the Department for opensource intelligence tools. 
of opensource intelligence tools into the intelligence enterprise, and other command and control systems as needed. 
tools with respect to compliance with the standards required by the framework and guidance for the Intelligence Community Information Technology Enterprise, the Defense Intelligence Information Enterprise, and the Joint Information Environment. 
means tools regarding relevant information derived from the systematic collection, processing, and analysis of publicly available information in response to known or anticipated intelligence requirements.’’. 
section 926 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1541; 10 U.S.C. 2682 note) is repealed. 
be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to execute— 
account or appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget. 
term ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE ARMY. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Army, for the distributed common ground system of the Army, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army— 
for the distributed common ground system of the Army; and 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
FUNDS FOR DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND. 
be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Defensewide, for the United States Special Operations Command for the distributed common ground system, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command— 
for the elements of the distributed common ground system special operations forces program, including the initiative known as ‘‘DCGS Lite’’; and 
distributed common ground system special operations forces program for which commercial software exists that is capable of fulfilling most or all of the system requirements for each such component. 
distributed common ground system special operations forces program that the Commander determines may be acquired through competitive means. 
software components in order to lead to initial operating capability prior to fiscal year 2017. 
FUNDS FOR OFFICE OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE. 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense for the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended for such Office until the Secretary of Defense identifies the intelligence gaps and establishes the written policy required by section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 828). 
ON THE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’, ‘‘intelligence community’’, and ‘‘National Intelligence Program’’ have the meanings given such terms in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the management of science and technology research and development programs and foreign materiel exploitation programs of Defense intelligence elements. 
such elements within the Department of Defense to better meet the needs of the Department and reduce unnecessary overhead. 
United States shall carry out a comprehensive review of the processes and procedures for the integration of intelligence into the defense acquisition process, consistent with the provision of classified information, and intelligence sources and methods. 
integration of intelligence into the decision process, including with respect to the staffing and training of Defense intelligence personnel assigned to program offices, for the acquisition of weapon systems from initial requirements through the milestones process and upon final delivery; and 
capabilities into the acquisition process from initial requirement through deployment; 
will place on the Defense Intelligence Enterprise once the weapons systems are deployed. 
941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1889; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is transferred to chapter 19 of title 10, United States Code, inserted so as to appear after section 392, redesignated as section 393, and amended— 
‘‘(iii) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
claim and that such willful misconduct proximately caused injury to the plaintiff. 
‘‘(iii) in disregard of a known or obvious risk 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit.’’. 
‘‘391. Reporting on cyber incidents with respect to networks and information systems of operationally critical contractors and certain other contractors.’’; and 
control of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Chief of Staff of the Air Force shall be responsible for overseeing the safety, security, reliability, effectiveness, and credibility of the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
March 1, 2016, the Chief of Staff shall designate a Deputy Chief of Staff to carry out the following duties: 
and advocacy regarding the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall consolidate, to the extent the Secretary determines appropriate, under a major command commanded by a single general officer the responsibility, authority, accountability, and resources for carrying out the nuclear deterrence mission of the Air Force. 
the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plans of the Secretary and the resources required to implement this section. 
Section 171a of title 10, United States Code, is 
the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available off theshelf items as defined in section 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the costs of forwarddeploying nuclear weapons in Europe. 
United States for security enhancements relating to such forwarddeployed nuclear weapons. 
share costs by the United States, for other security enhancements and upgrades relating to such forwarddeployed nuclear weapons, including infrastructure upgrades at weapons storage sites in Europe. 
OF COOPERATION AND COLLABORATION BETWEEN UNITED STATES AND UNITED KINGDOM ON NUCLEAR ISSUES. 
1958 Mutual Defense Agreement and the 1963 Polaris Sales Agreement are fundamental elements of the security of the United States and the United Kingdom as well as international stability; 
Agreement and the continued work under the Polaris Sales Agreement underscore the enduring and longterm value of the agreements to both countries; and 
of nuclear weapons and related systems are of paramount importance. 
commitment and prioritization of the Navy to the nuclear deterrence mission of the Navy; 
safe, secure, reliable, and credible seabased nuclear deterrent force has been matched by an equal emphasis on ensuring the assured safety, security, and control of nuclear weapons and related systems ashore; and 
Navy has taken subsequent to the 2014 Nuclear Enterprise Review to ensure continued focus on the nuclear deterrent mission by all ranks within the Navy, including the clarification and assignment of specific responsibilities and authorities within the Navy contained in OPNAV Instruction 8120.1 and SECNAV Instruction 8120.1B. 
States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
TELEMETRY DATA.—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation with ‘hittokill’ technology and telemetry data for missile defense interceptors or target vehicles. 
appropriated or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Department of Defense may be used to provide the Russian Federation 
the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, and the Commander of the United States European Command, jointly certify to the President and the congressional defense committees that the provision of such information pursuant to such waiver is required because of a failure of the early warning system of the Russian Federation. 
‘‘130g. Prohibitions on providing certain missile defense information to Russian Federation.’’. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 923), as amended by section 1243 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3568), is further amended— 
AND LIMITA TIONS ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘ FEDERA TION’’. 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF CHINA INTO MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF UNITED STATES. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the People’s Republic of China into any missile defense system of the United States. 
MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION INTO MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS OF UNITED STATES AND NATO. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2031 for the Department of Defense or for contributions of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization may be obligated or expended to integrate a missile defense system of the Russian Federation into any missile defense system of the United States or NATO. 
a critically important addition to the ballistic missile defense system; 
respond to emerging ballistic missile threats involving countermeasures and decoys; and 
appropriate steps to ensure that such radar is operational in 2020. 
appropriated may be obligated or expended for military construction for the longrange discriminating radar (other than for planning and design) until— 
FUNDS FOR PATRIOT LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY OF THE ARMY. 
congressional defense committees that the analysis of alternatives regarding the Patriot lower tier air and missile defense capability of the Army has been submitted to such committees; 
OF AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
SYSTEMS .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the 
Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, acting through the Missile Defense Executive Board, shall ensure the interoperability and integration of the covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with such capabilities of allies of the United States, including by carrying out operational testing. 
‘‘covered air and missile defense capabilities’’ means Patriot air and missile defense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic missile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capability), AN/TPY–2 radars, and terminal high altitude area defense batteries and interceptors. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, each covered commander shall submit to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff an assessment on opportunities for the integration and interoperability of covered air and missile defense capabilities of the United States with such capabilities of allies of the United States located in the area of responsibility of the commander, particularly with respect to such allies who acquired such capabilities through foreign military sales by the United States. Each assessment shall include an assessment of the key technology, security, command and control, and policy requirements necessary to achieve such an integrated and interoperable air and missile defense capability in a manner that ensures burden sharing and furthers the force multiplication goals of the United States. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and each 90day period thereafter through December 31, 2017, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing that describes the progress made by the Secretary, the Chairman, and the 
capabilities’’ means Patriot air and missile defense batteries and associated interceptors and systems, Aegis ships and associated ballistic missile interceptors (including Aegis Ashore capability), AN/TPY–2 radars, and terminal high altitude area defense batteries and interceptors. 
coordination with the Secretary of State, shall develop and implement a plan to provide anti air warfare capability to the Aegis Ashore site deployed in the Republic of Romania by not later than December 31, 2018. 
180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that a terminal high altitude area defense battery is available for rotational deployment to the area of responsibility of the United States European Command unless the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees that such battery is needed in the area of responsibility of another combatant command. 
Defense shall examine potential sites in the area of responsibility of the United States European Command to preposition a terminal high altitude area defense battery. 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall conduct studies to evaluate— 
(ii) not fewer than three sites in such area for 
the deployment of a Patriot air and missile defense battery in the event that such a deployment is determined to be necessary. 
authorized to be appropriated by section 101 for procurement, Defensewide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, not more than $41,400,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel to procure radars for the Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system as specified in the funding table in section 4101, including for coproduction of such radars in the United States by industry of the United States. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
to the Government of Israel to procure the Arrow 3 upper tier development program. 
components in the United States by United States industry. 
Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics jointly certify to the appropriate congressional committees that— 
readiness agreements of the research, development, test, and evaluation agreements for the David’s Sling weapon system or the Arrow 3 upper tier development program, respectively, 
with the Government of Israel matching funds in an amount equal to the amount of funds provided by the United States; and 
requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries of such weapon system and development program that will be procured; 
to establish technical milestones for coproduction and procurement of the such weapon system and development program; and 
thirdparty sales of such weapon system and development program; and 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
MULTIPLEOBJECT KILL VEHICLE FOR MISSILE DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
States homeland is the highest priority of the Missile Defense Agency; 
the future of the ballistic missile defense of the United States homeland. 
defense interceptor vehicles other than the groundbased interceptors of the groundbased midcourse defense system. 
Department of Defense to support efforts by the Missile Defense Agency to develop and field a boost phase defense system by fiscal year 2022; 
boost phase missile defense layer to the ballistic missile defense system supports multiple war fighter missile defense requirements, including, specifically, protection of the United States homeland and allies of the United States against ballistic missiles, particularly in the boost phase; 
energy lasers and highpower microwave systems as part of a layered architecture to defend ships and theater bases against air and cruise missile strikes; and 
Director shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on— 
later than December 31, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall— 
band radar to a homeport on the East Coast of the United States; and 
MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR ALTERNATIVES FOR ENHANCED DEFENSE OF HAWAII. 
respond to emerging ballistic missile threats involving countermeasures and decoys; and 
appropriate steps to ensure Hawaii has adequate missile defense coverage. 
Defense Agency shall conduct an evaluation of potential options for fielding medium range ballistic missile defense sensor alternatives for the defense of Hawaii, including— 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan for the missile defense of Hawaii, which shall include— 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall commence the concept definition, design, research, development, and engineering evaluation of a spacebased ballistic missile intercept and defeat layer to the ballistic missile defense system that— 
missile targets, independent of adversary country size and threat trajectory; 
against direct ascent antisatellite weapons and hypersonic glide vehicles and maneuvering re entry vehicles. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— 
Defense Agency, in coordination with the Chief of Naval Operations and the Chief of Staff of the Army, shall evaluate the role, feasibility, cost, and cost benefit of additional Aegis Ashore sites and upgrades to current ballistic missile defense system sensors to offset capacity demands on current Aegis ships, Aegis Ashore sites, and Patriot and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense capability and to meet the requirements of the combatant commanders. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall— 
the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to such committees a report on such identification. 
enter into host nation agreements for Aegis Ashore sites and cofinancing and codevelopment opportunities as appropriate if the sites meet the requirements of the combatant commanders. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
apply to authorizations for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 
2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
water for air conditioning the nine existing historical Cadet barracks which are being renovated through the Cadet Barracks Upgrade Program. 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
in section 2101 of that Act (126 Stat. 2119), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2016, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later: 
may carry out a military construction project to construct a multisport athletic field and track and perimeter road and fencing and acquire approximately 5 acres of land adjacent to the existing Sterrebeek Dependent School site to allow relocation of Army functions to the site in support of the European Infrastructure Consolidation effort, in the amount of $6,000,000. 
of the Army may carry out a military construction project to construct a vehicle bridge and traffic circle to facilitate traffic flow to and from the Medical Center at Rhine Ordnance Barracks, Germany, in the amount of $12,400,000. 
available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the 
Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installation or location, in the number of units, and in the amount set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
put to a primary use other than as a fire and emergency response station, that County shall pay, at the election of the Secretary, an amount equal to the then current fair market value of the fire and emergency response station, as determined by the Secretary. 
meeting any environmental requirements associated with the Countyowned land, including any permits, or other local zoning processes, in preparation for the construction of the fire and emergency response station on the land. 
considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the 
of a Guardian Angel Operations Facility at the installation, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct the facility at an unspecified location within the United States European Command’s area of responsibility. 
the date on which the report is received by the committees or, if over sooner, a period of 7 days has expired following the date on which a copy of the report is provided in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of title 10, United States Code. 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 
10, United States Code, in the amount set forth in the table: 
outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
FUNDS FOR ENERGY PROJECTS .—Amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriation in Section 301 for operation and maintenance and made available for facilities restoration and modernization may not be setaside for the exclusive purpose of funding energy projects on military installations. Installation energy projects must compete in the normal process of determining installation requirements. 
for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table 
In the case of the authorization in the table in 
for Fort Meade, Maryland, for construction of the High Performance Computing Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may construct a generator plant capable of producing up to 60 megawatts of backup electrical power in support of the 60 megawatt technical load. 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2014 PROJECT. 
for construction of an Ambulatory Care Center at the installation, the Secretary of Defense may construct a 102,000square foot medical clinic at the installation in the amount of $80,000,000 using appropriations available for the project pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403 of such Act (127 Stat. 998). 
The Secretary of Defense may make contributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for contributions by the Secretary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, 
United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations 
inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the 
and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
and Reserve as specified in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the 
United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and 
for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2013 PROJECT. 
of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 
Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2017, whichever is later. 
Extension of 2013 National Guard and Reserve Project Authorizations 
FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. 
USE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FROM KUWAIT FOR CONSTRUCTION, MAINTENANCE, AND REPAIR PROJECTS MUTUALLY BENEFICIAL TO THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND KUWAIT MILITARY FORCES. 
of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘§ 2350n. Authority to accept and use contributions for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait military forces 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may accept cash contributions from the government of Kuwait for the purpose of paying costs in connection with construction (including military construction not otherwise authorized by law), maintenance, and repair projects in Kuwait that are mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait military forces. 
the concurrence of the Secretary of State, that the United States may derive a benefit from the project, including— 
The maximum amount that the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of 
State, may obligate in any fiscal year under this section is $50,000,000. 
‘‘2350n. Authority to accept and use contributions for construction, maintenance, and repair projects mutually beneficial to the Department of Defense and Kuwait military forces.’’. 
Defense may carry out, using amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, such military construction projects as are authorized in a Military Construction Authorization Act at— 
Research and Development Centers that function primarily as research laboratories located 
provided by law to carry out a military construction project under this section includes authority for— 
and appurtenances integral to the project; acquisition and installation of supporting facilities (including utilities) and appurtenances incident to the project; and 
Secretary of Defense shall include military construction projects proposed to be carried out under this section in the budget justification documents for the Department of Defense submitted to Congress in connection with the budget for a fiscal year submitted under 1105 of title 31, United States Code. 
amount that may be obligated in any fiscal year under the authority provided by this section is $150,000,000. 
Section 2601 of title 10, United States Code, is 
land acquisition inside a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or any territory or possession of the United States, the Secretary concerned shall consult with the chief executive officer of the State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, or the territory or possession in which the land is located to determine options for completing the real property acquisition.’’; 
Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
the base, site, or location, including the number of military personnel, Department of Defense civilian personnel, and nonDepartment of Defense personnel, including contractors. 
term, midterm, and longterm infrastructure projects for the base, site, or location, an estimated total cost to complete each project, and expected start and completion dates. 
support services, including capacities of commissaries, exchanges, or other support services, necessary to support the steadystate population of the base, site, or location, including any necessary investments in facilities to provide these services. 
United States appropriated funds and hostnation contributions, addressing all costs associated with constructing, sustaining, repairing, or modernizing the infrastructure necessary to support the United States military posture at the base, site, or location. 
site, or location, identifying the military department or Defense Agency to be responsible for providing funding for the base, site, or location and the sources of funds for construction of new facilities, sustainment and restoration of existing facilities, and operations and maintenance costs. 
with the host nation, including access agreements, statusofforces agreements, or other implementing agreements, and their specific terms (such as timeframe and cost) and limitations on United States presence and operations. 
changes made from the report submitted in the previous year regarding the items required by the preceding subparagraphs.’’. 
STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRASTRUCTURE INVENTORY .—As part of the budget justification documents submitted to Congress in support of the budget for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2017, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress the following: 
Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps based on an assessment by the Secretary of the probable threats to United States national security during the 20year period beginning with fiscal year 2017, and the endstrength levels and major military force units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81). 
certain excess infrastructure to accommodate contingency, mobilization, or surge requirements. 
availability of military installations outside the United States, taking into account current restrictions on the use of military installations outside the United States and the potential for future prohibitions or restrictions on the use of such military installations. 
joint tenancy by more than one branch of the Armed Forces at a military installation or the reorganization or association of two or more military installations as a single military installation. 
shall submit the evaluation to Congress not later than 60 days after the date on which the force structure plans and infrastructure inventory are submitted to Congress. 
PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN CONNECTION WITH REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIAPACIFIC REGION. 
determines that any grant, cooperative agreement, transfer of funds to another Federal agency, or supplement of funds available under Federal programs administered by agencies other than the Department of Defense will result in the development (including repair, replacement, renovation, conversion, improvement, expansion, acquisition, or construction) of public infrastructure on Guam, the Secretary of Defense may not carry out such grant, transfer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding unless such grant, transfer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding will be used— 
this section, the term ‘‘public infrastructure’’ means any utility, method of transportation, item of equipment, or facility under the control of a public entity or State or local government that is used by, or constructed for the benefit of, the general public. 
JAPAN CONTRIBUTIONS TOWARD REALIGNMENT OF MARINE CORPS FORCES IN ASIAPACIFIC REGION. 
date of the submission of the budget of the President for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026 under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that specifies each of the following: 
by the Government of Japan under such section during the current and next Japanese fiscal years. 
Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands during the previous fiscal year using amounts in the Support for United States Relocation to Guam Account. 
the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (division B of Public Law 110– 417; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) is repealed. 
Navy shall require the County to fund costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, other administrative costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities from Navy Outlying Landing Field Site 8 to the replacement location. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. 
acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. 
of real property under this section shall be accomplished using a quit claim deed or other legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy and the County, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
RETAINED IN CONNECTION WITH LAND CONVEYANCE, FORT BLISS MILITARY RESERVATION, TEXAS. 
property covered by the release for fair market value; and 
fund improvements or repairs for National Guard and military purposes on the remainder of the property conveyed under section 708 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1972 (Public Law 92–145; 85 Stat. 412) and retained by the State. 
PUBLIC LAND, NAVAL AIR WEAPONS STATION CHINA LAKE, CALIFORNIA. 
Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113– 66; 127 Stat. 1044) is amended— 
the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113– 66; 127 Stat. 1044) is amended by striking ‘‘on March 31, 2039.’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘only as follows: 
3015 of the Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 892) is amended to read as follows: 
The withdrawal and reservation of lands by section 3011 shall terminate only as follows: 
military department concerned to relinquish any or all of the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
Interior, under section 3016 and upon request by the Secretary of the military department concerned, of administrative jurisdiction over the land to the Secretary of the military department concerned. Such a transfer may consist of a portion of the land, in which case the termination of the withdrawal and reservation applies only with respect to the land so transferred.’’. 
USE OF LANDS.—The Military Lands Withdrawal Act of 1999 (title XXX of Public Law 106–65) is further amended— 
of the Interior shall, upon the request of the Secretary concerned, transfer to the Secretary concerned administrative jurisdiction over the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, or a portion of the land as the Secretary concerned may request. 
of the Interior shall file with the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives— 
Secretary concerned shall reimburse the Secretary of the Interior for any costs incurred by the Secretary of the Interior to prepare the legal description and map under this subsection. 
LAND.—Upon the transfer of administrative jurisdiction of land under section 3016— 
the transfer of land under section 3016, the Secretary concerned, in cooperation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall prepare an integrated natural resources management plan pursuant to the Sikes Act (16 U.S.C. 670a et seq.) for the transferred land. 
Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed as limiting the authority to transfer administrative jurisdiction over the land transferred under section 3016 to another armed force pursuant to section 2696 of title 10, United States Code, and the provisions of this section shall continue to apply to any such lands. 
3028 apply to the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 except— 
this subtitle assigns management of real property under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned to the Secretary of the Interior. 
has the meaning given the term in section 102 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe List Act of 1994 (25 U.S.C. 479a). 
‘management’ include the authority to exercise jurisdiction, custody, and control over the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
authority for disposal of the lands withdrawn and reserved by section 3011. 
the Secretary concerned determines that military operations, public safety, or national security require the closure to the public of any road, trail, or other portion of land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary may take such action as the Secretary determines to be necessary to implement and maintain the closure. 
before a closure is implemented under this section, the Secretary concerned shall consult with the Secretary of the Interior. 
if a closure proposed under this section may affect access to or use of sacred sites or resources considered to be important by an Indian tribe, the Secretary concerned shall consult, at the earliest practicable date, with the affected Indian tribe. 
to the purposes described in section 3011, the Secretary concerned may authorize the use of land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 for defenserelated purposes. 
shall promptly notify the Secretary of the Interior if the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 is used for additional defenserelated purposes. 
would require that additional or more stringent conditions or restrictions be imposed on otherwisepermitted nondefenserelated uses of the withdrawn and reserved land or portions of withdrawn and reserved land. 
any applicable land management plan, the Secretary concerned shall take necessary precautions to prevent, and actions to suppress, brush and range fires occurring as a result of military activities on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, including fires that occur on other land that spread from the withdrawn and reserved land. 
section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary concerned may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior, in advance, funds to be used to reimburse the costs of the Department of the Interior in providing assistance under this subsection. 
and reservation of land by section 3011, the Secretary concerned shall maintain, to the extent funds are available to carry out this subsection, a program of decontamination of contamination caused by defenserelated uses on the withdrawn land. The decontamination program shall be carried out consistent with applicable Federal and State law. 
United States with respect to any water or water right on the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011; or 
the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, except in accordance with applicable State law. 
United States Code, shall apply to all hunting, fishing, and trapping on the land— 
Hunting, fishing, and trapping within the Desert National Wildlife Refuge shall be conducted in accordance with the National Wildlife Refuge System Administration Act of 1966 (16 U.S.C. 668dd et seq.), the Recreation Use of Wildlife Areas Act of 1969 (16 U.S.C. 460k et seq.), and other laws applicable to the National Wildlife Refuge System. 
If, during the period of withdrawal and reservation made by section 3011, the Secretary concerned decides to relinquish any or all of the land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the Secretary of the Interior notice of the intention to relinquish the land. 
could be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws. 
‘‘(ii) the land cannot be decontaminated sufficiently to be opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws; or 
contaminated state of the land, the Secretary of the Interior declines to accept land withdrawn and reserved by section 3011 that has been proposed for relinquishment— 
the Secretary of the Interior and Congress a report describing— 
be opened to the operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws, the mineral leasing laws, and the geothermal leasing laws. 
to be transferred is contaminated with explosive materials or toxic or hazardous substances. A copy of the determination shall be transmitted with the notice. Copies of the notice and the determination shall be published in the Federal Register. 
opened to operation of some or all of the public land laws, including the mining laws; and 
United States Code, the authority provided by section 331 of the Consolidated Natural Resources Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–229; 122 Stat. 781; 40 U.S.C. 8903 note) shall continue to apply through May 8, 2018. 
NATIONAL REGISTER , NATIONAL HISTORIC LANDMARKS , AND WORLD HERITAGE LIST.—Section 
302103 of title 54, United States Code, is amended— 
property listed on the National Register of Historic Places if the managing agency of that Federal property submits to the Secretary a written request to remove the Federal property from the National Register of Historic Places for reasons of national security, such as any impact the inclusion or designation would have on use of the property for military training or readiness purposes.’’. 
3021 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘§ 302109. Objection to inclusion or designation for reasons of national security 
Federal property objects to such inclusion or designation for reasons of national security, such as any impact the inclusion or designation would have on use of the property for military training or readiness purposes, that Federal property shall be neither included on the National Register nor designated as a National Historic Landmark until the objection is withdrawn’’. 
sections at the beginning of chapter 3021 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
modifications of Unified Facilities Guide Specifications for pavement markings (UFGS 32 17 23.00 20 Pavement Markings, UFGS 32 17 24.00 10 Pavement Markings), Air Force Engineering Technical Letter ETL 9718 (Guide Specification for Airfield and Roadway Marking), and any other Department of Defense guidance on airfield pavement markings as may be necessary to permit the use of Type III category of retroreflective beads to reflectorize airfield markings. The Secretary shall develop appropriate policy to ensure that the determination of the category of retroreflective beads used on an airfield is determined on an installationbyinstallation basis, taking into consideration local conditions and the lifecycle maintenance costs of the pavement markings. 
Land Management for public lands pursuant to section 202 of the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1712); or 
prepared by the Forest Service for National Forest System lands pursuant to section 6 of the 
Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 (16 U.S.C. 1604). 
a Stateapproved plan for the protection and recovery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
management plans for the protection and recovery of the Greater Sage Grouse. 
RESOURCE MANAGEMENT PLANS .—In order to foster coordination between a State management plan and Federal resource management plans that affect the Greater Sage Grouse, upon notification by the Governor of a State with a State management plan, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may not amend or otherwise modify any Federal resource management plan applicable to Federal lands in the State in a manner inconsistent with the State management plan for a period, to be specified by the Governor in the notification, of at least five years beginning on the date of the notification. 
disagreement regarding whether an amendment or other modification of a Federal resource management plan is inconsistent with a State management plan shall be resolved by the Governor of the affected State. 
POLICY ACT OF 1969.—With regard to any Federal action consistent with a State management 
plan, any findings, analyses, or conclusions regarding the Greater Sage Grouse or its habitat under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4331 et seq.) shall not have a preclusive effect on the approval or implementation of the Federal action in that State. 
one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of 
Agriculture shall jointly submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the 
Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report on the Secretaries’ implementation and effectiveness of systems to monitor the status of Greater Sage Grouse on Federal lands under their jurisdiction. 
property and carry out the military construction project for the installation outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside 
the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United 
States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2015, for the military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in section 4602. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for the activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Security Administration as follows: 
TA–3, Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, $25,000,000. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, 
2441) is amended by striking ‘‘600’’ and inserting ‘‘450’’. 
Section 3241A of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a), as amended by section 3111, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: 
budget submitted by the President to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following information as of the date of the report: 
Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2441 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
security clearance was revoked during the year prior to the year in which the notification is made; and 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
means actions relating to the management of a covered project that significantly— 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2741 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
ON BUDGET, WITHIN PLANNED SCOPE, AND WHILE PROTECTING HEALTH, SAFETY, AND SECURITY. 
Congress that the Administrator should use all contractual remedies available to the Administrator, including through the withholding of all award fees, in cases in which the Administrator determines that a contractor of a covered project is responsible for significantly— 
with respect to a covered project for which the Administrator could not make such a certification by reason of the actions of a contractor that the Administrator determines significantly delayed the project, reduced the scope of the project, increased the cost of the project, or undermined health, safety, or security— 
of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
budget, within planned scope, and while protecting health, safety, and security.’’. 
section 3121 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112– 239; 126 Stat. 2175), as amended by section 3124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1062), is further amended— 
covered under the contract rather than under a different contract; 
such section 3121 is amended by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. 
fees and performancebased fees contained in management and operating contracts are as low as possible to maintain a focus on national service while attracting highquality contractors and achieving the goals of the competition. 
infrastructure is only one component of a nuclear posture that is agile, flexible, and responsive to change; and 
United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive, the United States must continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2521 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
of the United States to sustain, enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons to ensure the nuclear deterrent of the United States remains safe, secure, reliable, credible, and responsive. 
Energy, acting through the Administrator and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall carry out a program, along with the stockpile stewardship program under section 4201 and the stockpile management program under section 4204, to sustain, enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to conceptualize, study, design, develop, engineer, certify, produce, and deploy nuclear weapons. 
enhance, and continually exercise all capabilities required to carry out all phases of the joint nuclear weapons life cycle process, with respect to both the nuclear security enterprise and relevant elements of the Department of Defense. 
design responsiveness throughout the range of capabilities required, including prototypes, flight testing, and development of plans for certification without the need for nuclear explosive testing. 
‘joint nuclear weapons life cycle process’ means the process developed and maintained by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Energy for the development, production, maintenance, and retirement of nuclear weapons.’’. 
MANAGEMENT , AND INFRASTRUCTURE PLAN.— Section 4203 of such Act (50 U.S.C. 2523) is 
budgets for carrying out the nuclear weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220.’’; 
by striking ‘‘stewardship and management’’ and inserting ‘‘stewardship, stockpile management, and design responsiveness’’; 
and schedules for carrying out the nuclear weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220; and 
the fiscal year in which the report is submitted, an identification of the funds needed to carry out the program required under section 4220.’’; and 
weapons design responsiveness program under section 4220 in a manner that meets the objectives of such program and an identification of any improvements that may be made to the plan to better carry out such program.’’. 
this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project support activities. 
fiscal year prior to fiscal year 2016 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility for construction and project support activities that are unobligated as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
baseline for construction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility conducted in accordance with Department of Energy Order 413.3B. 
mixedoxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. 
means activities that support the design, long lead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. 
FUNDS FOR FIXED SITE RADIOLOGICAL PORTAL MONITORS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
not be construed to apply to mobile radiological inspection equipment. 
FUNDS FOR PROVISION OF DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION ASSISTANCE TO RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
PRODUCTION OF SPECIAL NUCLEAR MATERIAL OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES BY FOREIGN COUNTRY WITH NUCLEAR NAVAL PROPULSION PROGRAM. 
Section 57 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 
U.S.C. 2077), as amended by section 3118, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
the Chief of Naval Operations jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the risks of diversion, and the likely consequences of such diversion, of the technology and material covered by such authorization; 
diversion of such technology to a military program that would degrade the technical advantage of the United States; and 
the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
treaty or agreement requiring verification or monitoring that has entered into force with respect to the United States; or 
with respect to the United States during the twoyear period beginning on the date of the certification. 
beyond technology readiness level 5 pursuant to this subsection— 
funds made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation that will be used for such development; and 
the national security interests of the United States; and 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
has the meaning given that term in the Department of Energy Guide 413.34A titled ‘‘Technology Readiness Assessment Guide’’ and approved on September 15, 2011. 
appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any of fiscal years 2016 through 2020 for the National Nuclear Security Administration, not more than $50,000,000 may be obligated or expended in each such fiscal year to carry out the nuclear weapons dismantlement and disposition activities of the Administration. 
certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that the components of the nuclear weapon are directly required for the purposes of a current life extension program. 
congressional defense committees that the nuclear weapon is being dismantled pursuant to a nuclear arms reduction treaty or similar international agreement that— 
pursuant to Article II, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution after the date of the enactment of this Act; or 
than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in coordination with the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall ensure that analyses of alternatives are conducted (including through contractors, as appropriate) in accordance with best practices for capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration and capital asset projects relating to defense environmental management. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator, shall develop cost estimates in accordance with cost estimating best practices for capital asset projects and life extension programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration and capital asset projects relating to defense environmental management. 
practicable after the date of the enactment of this Act, but not later than two years after such date of enactment, the Secretary shall revise— 
of the Department of Energy to require the use 
for conducting analyses of alternatives for National Nuclear Security Administration and defense environmental management capital asset projects; and 
procedures of the Department to require the use of use of best practices for preparing cost estimates and conducting analyses of alternatives for National Nuclear Security Administration life extension programs. 
Federal Government or contractor personnel responsible for program management; or 
‘‘world,’’ the following: ‘‘including an identification of such uranium that is obligated by the United States,’’; and 
total amount of separated plutonium around the world, including an identification of such plutonium that is obligated by the United States, and an assessment of the vulnerability of the plutonium to theft or diversion.’’. 
the governance and management of the nuclear security enterprise will require robust, personal, and longterm engagement by the President, the Secretary of Energy, the Administrator for Nuclear Security, and leaders from the appropriate congressional committees; 
and management of the nuclear security enterprise have provided a list of reasonable, practical, and actionable steps that the Secretary and the Administrator should take to make the nuclear security enterprise more efficient and more effective; and 
jointly establish a team of senior officials from the Department of Energy and the National Nuclear Security Administration to develop and carry out an implementation plan to reform the governance and management of the nuclear security enterprise to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the nuclear security enterprise. Such plan shall be developed and implemented in accordance with the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2401 et seq.), the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), and any other provision of law. 
shall be cochaired by the Deputy Secretary of Energy and the Administrator. 
Nuclear Security Administration that the panel determines necessary to carry out this subsection. 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate; and 
Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives. 
and each year thereafter through 2020, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report, consistent with the provision of classified information and intelligence sources and methods, containing— 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
programs underpin the advancement of scientific understanding necessary for nuclear 
programs help attract and retain highly qualified technical personnel. 
later than November 1, 2016, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the following: 
research and development programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration compare to funding limits for other laboratories of the Department of Energy and laboratories and federally funded research and development centers of the Department of Defense. 
percent of their time to such programs for more than three years. 
described in such subsection by not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act; 
authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2016 for defense nuclear nonproliferation for material management and minimization, not more than $5,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for initial planning and early research and development of 
an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium, as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
such research and development as compared to the cost of maintaining current naval nuclear reactor technology). 
decision points in which the Deputy Administrator shall determine whether further research and development of a lowenriched uranium naval nuclear fuel system is warranted. 
nuclear nonproliferation of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
risks of such research and development and eventual deployment. 
nuclear infrastructure until the 2030s is an unacceptable risk to the nuclear deterrent and the national security of the United States; and 
production of plutonium pits and other nuclear weapons components must be driven by the requirement to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk and not solely by the needs of life extension programs. 
including the numbers of pits produced that are needed for nuclear weapons life extension programs. 
including the numbers of pits produced, to support a responsive nuclear weapons infrastructure to hedge against technical and geopolitical risk. 
of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees the analysis of alternatives conducted by the Administrator for the mobile guardian transporter program. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an independent assessment of the analysis of alternatives for the mobile guardian transporter program. 
cost, costbenefit, policy, threat, safety, security, and risk analysis used to inform the analysis of alternatives. 
alternatives and whether such options represent a comprehensive set of options. 
2016, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing— 
and pursue a strategy to address the risks to the goals and policies of the United States regarding nuclear nonproliferation that are caused by the increased use of additive manufacture technology (commonly referred to as ‘‘3D printing’’), including such technology that does not originate in the United States. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: 
House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
There is authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016 $29,150,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). 
Chairman may not withhold from any member of the Board any information that is made available to the Chairman regarding the Board’s functions, powers, and mission (including with respect to the management and evaluation of employees of the Board).’’. 
subparagraph are the following senior employees of the Board: 
‘‘(ii) The general counsel. ‘‘(iii) The senior employee responsible for 
be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $17,500,000 for fiscal year 2016 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval petroleum reserves. 
FOR NATIONAL SECURITY ASPECTS OF THE MERCHANT MARINE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2016, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for the use of the Department of Transportation for Maritime Administration programs associated with maintaining national security aspects of the merchant marine, as follows: 
the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $96,028,000, of which— 
in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $8,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
United Statesflag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $186,000,000. 
It is the sense of Congress that dedicated and 
enhanced support is necessary to stabilize and preserve the Maritime Security Fleet program, a program that provides the Department of Defense with ondemand access to world class, economical commercial sealift capacity, assures a United Statesflag presence in international commerce, supports a pool of qualified United States merchant mariners needed to crew United Statesflag vessels during times of war or national emergency, and serves as a critical component of our national security infrastructure. 
Code, is amended by striking ‘‘may’’ and inserting ‘‘shall’’. 
this division specifies a dollar amount authorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. 
funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. 
This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. 
oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. 
MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY MAJOR EQUIPMENT, DSS 
126 0605812A JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE (JLTV) ENGINEERING AND MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT PH.32,486 32,486 
098 0604400D8Z DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE (DOD) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVELOPMENT.3,129 3,129 
103 0604826J JOINT C5 CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT, INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY ASSESSMENTS.25,200 25,200 
158 0605790D8Z SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH (SBIR)/ SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER.2,169 2,169 
179 0605127T REGIONAL INTERNATIONAL OUTREACH (RIO) AND PARTNERSHIP FOR PEACE INFORMATION MANA.1,750 1,750 
180 0605147T OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN ASSISTANCE SHARED INFORMATION SYSTEM (OHASIS) ........... 294 294 
184 0607384BP CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) ............. 33,561 33,561 
Medium Altitude Long Endurance Tactical (MALET) MQ–9 Unmanned Aerial Vehicle ............... [5,000 ] 
Energy And Water Development, And Related Agencies Appropriation Summary: 
to the amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–112 and amendments en bloc described in section 3 of House Resolution 260. 
Each amendment printed in the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
It shall be in order at any time for 
the chair of the Committee on Armed Services or his designee to offer amendments en bloc consisting of amendments printed in the report not earlier disposed of. Such amendments en bloc shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for 20 minutes equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Armed Services or their designees, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–112. 
DETERMINATIONS OF COST EFFICIENCY .’’ and insert ‘‘ § 2463a. Assignment of certain new requirements based on determinations of cost efficiency ’’. 
Comparing the Full Costs of Civilian and Active Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support’’’)’’ and insert ‘‘(‘Estimating and Comparing the Full Costs of Civilian and Active Duty Military Manpower and Contract Support’)’’. 
Page 134, line 9, strike ‘‘semicolon’’ and insert ‘‘period’’. 
Page 188, line 19, strike two of the four 
Page 241, strike lines 12 and 13 and insert 
supports the Department of Defense to designate 2015 as the Year of the Military Diver’’ and insert ‘‘the Department of Defense’’. 
Page 394, line 25, strike ‘‘by adding at the 
end’’ and insert ‘‘by striking the item relating to section 2222 and inserting’’. 
the following: ‘‘, and the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 83 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to that section’’. 
Page 564, line 18, strike ‘‘be a country for 
Page 693, line 1, strike ‘‘for’’ and insert ‘‘at 
Page 693, line 5, strike ‘‘inserting’’ and insert ‘‘adding’’. 
Page 726, line 7, insert ‘‘a’’ after ‘‘fielding’’. Page 726, line 8, strike ‘‘alternatives’’. Page 776, line 8, strike ‘‘by redesigning’’ 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2016 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Page 850, line 25, strike ‘‘, as amended by 
Page 907, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, strike ‘‘93,112’’ and insert ‘‘78,112’’. 
Page 907, in the table of section 4201, under 
Page 908, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION’’, strike 
Page 909, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY’’ , strike ‘‘7,024,678’’ and insert ‘‘7,009,678’’. 
Page 911, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS’’, strike ‘‘135,217’’ and insert ‘‘120,217’’. 
Page 911, in the table of section 4201, under 
Page 911, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION’’, strike ‘‘6,335,800’’ and insert ‘‘6,320,800’’. 
Page 912, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY’’, strike ‘‘16,652,223’’ and insert ‘‘16,637,223’’. 
Page 918, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, strike ‘‘78,817’’ and insert ‘‘108,817’’. 
Page 918, in the table of section 4201, under 
the heading ‘‘PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT’’, insert the following entries (with the dollar amounts aligned under the ‘‘House Authorized’’ column): 
Page 918, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT & DEMONSTRATION’’, strike the second ‘‘545,258’’ (under the ‘‘House Authorized’’ column) and insert ‘‘575,258’’. 
Page 919, in the table of section 4201, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DW’’, strike ‘‘18,547,081’’ and insert ‘‘18,577,081’’. 
Page 924, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘Unobligated balances’’, strike ‘‘286,400’’ and insert ‘‘37,400’’. 
Page 924, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED’’, strike ‘‘338,200’’ and insert ‘‘ 89,200’’. 
Page 924, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS’’, strike ‘‘4,269,874’’ and insert ‘‘4,518,874’’. 
Page 925, in the table of section 4301, in the 
Page 925, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘SUBTOTAL UNDISTRIBUTED’’, strike ‘‘813,600’’ and insert ‘‘ 1,062,600’’. 
Page 925, in the table of section 4301, in the 
entry relating to ‘‘TOTAL OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE’’, strike ‘‘30,890,956’’ and insert ‘‘30,641,956’’. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and a 
Mr. Chairman, the manager’s amendment makes several technical, conforming, and clarifying changes to the bill. It has been drafted in full consultation with the minority and is cosponsored by the ranking member, Mr. SMITH. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to it. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, this is the manager’s amendment. I agree completely with what the chairman just said, technical corrections that we ought to support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–112. 
At the end of subtitle C of title I, insert 
FOR CERTAIN NUMBER OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS OF THE NAVY. 
United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘11’’ and inserting ‘‘10’’. 
the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2447) is repealed. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
in permanent law the Navy, under law, must maintain at all times 11 aircraft carriers. That is an arbitrary restrictive requirement—perhaps, they should have more; perhaps, they should have less. 
the Navy the flexibility to choose their needs and requirements in a rapidly evolving world, setting the floor of 10 carriers, rather than 11. 
Navy is currently operating under a waiver from this very law for 10 active carriers anyway. My amendment simply conforms the underlying law to the reality that already exists. 
really about giving the Navy control over spending choices. Aircraft carriers are expensive. Everybody knows that. At its heart, this amendment is about empowering the Navy to help determine its own fate in evolving and how we can best put our sailors in the best position to combat present and future threats. 
can sit here today and see what the future of naval warfare is. We might see 
an open ocean conflict in 10 years, or we might see shallow waterways under duress in 30 years. 
historic role in establishing a naval dominance we enjoy today, but so did battleships of decades past. We can’t let ourselves be mired in our past success, even though, today, we no longer have a single battleship in the force. 
next 30 years will evolve. Carriers likely will be an important part of that equation, but they are not a perfect tool for every threat. 
already enjoys. Consider, too, the growing antiship capabilities of adversaries. Do we really need 11 carrier strike groups for 30 years when no other country has more than one? 
are here to answer that; but I think by removing the arbitrary limit that forces the Navy at all times—unless they have a waiver—to have 11 active aircraft carrier groups prevents the Navy from evolving with the times. 
it is fighting ISIS in the Middle East or ongoing operations in Afghanistan or rising threats from Asia or global piracy, but it is clear these threats require a broad range of tools, not just the largest and most expensive tool that we can find. 
necessary and are an essential tool of force projection. They help us maintain our status as the first station to arrive on the scene, and they are often the first persons on the scene in the conflict as part of carrier strike groups. All of the tools the Navy needs cost money. When you are looking at unmanned aircraft assets that can deploy from other types of ships, just as with the battleships of yesteryear, there was a time when our carriers were invincible. Naval experts aren’t so sure anymore. 
be overcome. We have faced challenges before, but requiring the Navy to keep 11 carriers for the next several decades in permanent law is an arbitrary minimum and limits the Navy’s flexibility to make the critical spending decisions to maximize our national security. 
certainly not if we play by the budget rules and caps that we, ourselves, have written, so let’s not make this whole thing harder by arbitrarily requiring 11 carriers for political reasons rather than maximizing our national defense. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. WITTMAN ), the distinguished 
a crisis arises and American lives and interests are at risk, the first question decisionmakers ask is: Where are the carriers? 
to U.S. defense and diplomatic policy. A robust fleet of carriers makes Ronald Reagan’s timeless adage of ‘‘peace through strength’’ possible. 
responded to Iran’s seizure of a cargo ship, and its actions helped to keep the vital shipping lanes in the Middle East safe and open. The Roosevelt continues 
to sail in the gulf, and its courageous crew is currently conducting operations against ISIS. 
example of the crucial role aircraft carriers play in the defense and in the prosperity of our Nation. To reduce our aircraft carrier fleet puts our ability to defend our Nation and our critical interest around the globe at risk. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
minute to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ), the ranking 
to reiterate the prior point, a few weeks ago, the Iranian Government attempted to send a fleet of ships bearing arms for Houthi rebels in Yemen, a mission that would further drive that region into a dangerous failed state. Luckily, for the world, the USS Theodore Roosevelt , a Navy aircraft carrier, 
led a carrier group into the waters off Yemen and blocked the delivery of those weapons. 
aircraft carrier that can respond to external threats, such as the one a few weeks ago, at a time when there is a resurgent Russian Navy that is back, intruding on the territorial waters of Scandinavian allies, when a Chinese PLA Navy is creating island military outposts in international waters, and, as was mentioned earlier, when ISIS’ advance is being confronted by U.S. airstrikes flown off U.S. carriers. 
cripple our Nation’s ability to respond to these challenges and will reverse last year’s decision by Congress to refuel the George Washington ahead of schedule to ensure the capability of an 11ship fleet. Nothing in the testimony we have heard in the House Armed Services Committee suggests that the Navy can get by with fewer carriers. In fact, it is the exact opposite. Eleven is the minimum we need in order to meet the missions of today and in the future. 
balanced plan for America’s carrier fleet. Let’s vote this amendment down and move forward with that plan. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time remains. 
years, the Navy has only had 10 carriers. They actually had to request a waiver from the current law. This is ridiculous to put the Navy through this political decisionmaking process rather than a military decision process about the number of carrier groups that exist. 
On a basic level, this idea of statutorily requiring weapons for future decades makes very little sense. Do we tell the Army, ‘‘You need precisely X number of tanks for Desert Storm; therefore, you have to have ‘this many’ tanks for the next 30 years’’? Do we tell the Air Force, ‘‘You need ‘this many’ helicopters for Somalia; therefore, you have to have exactly ‘this many’ regardless of changing threats or challenges or budgetary realities’’? 
will help change in order to give the naval force the flexibility it needs to meet the changing dangers of the world. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the distinguished gentleman from Washington (Mr. KILMER ). 
on reducing spending, shrinking our carrier fleet is not the way to do it. 
envy of the world because of the power and capability that they bring to bear. A fleet of 11 carriers allows the United States to be a powerful force of stability around the globe, that keeps sea lanes open and protects our merchant fleet against hostile governments and piracy. They allow our troops to respond quickly to natural disasters and humanitarian crises all over the world. 
Reducing the number of aircraft carriers would have bad consequences. It would reduce our ability to protect ourselves and our interests abroad. It would have a dramatic impact on the morale of men and women who serve on them as longer deployments place an unfair burden on these sailors; and it would result in longer and more expensive maintenance to be conducted, reducing the time the vessels are able to react when needed. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
midst of a major reality check as the global threat changes, as budgets shrink, and as new technologies emerge, but where we go from here should be up to our naval experts, not Congress. At $14.2 billion apiece, one 
less carrier would allow the Navy to prioritize other programs, like increasing the capabilities of less costly, unmanned assets. 
down the walling off of defense spending for political reasons. We should be enabling those charged with our national defense to make the decisions they need to make for national interests. It simply doesn’t stand up to the commonsense test that we would require in law an arbitrary number of carriers, so I urge the adoption of my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I do agree with the gentleman that it is difficult to project what our seapower needs would be out two decades down the road or even a decade down the road, but we must try. That is why you will see a bipartisan opposition to his amendment. 
One thing about each of the individuals who spoke in opposition to his amendment is that I sit side by side with them in classified hearings and in nonclassified hearings as we try to make those projections, because, under the Constitution, we have to raise Armies and we have to maintain Navies, and to create the carriers that we would need would take 6 to 9 years. We don’t have that option when we need them. 
we would never have had a carrier with the strike capability, because the Pentagon actually wanted them for ISR capabilities. Had Congress not stepped in, we wouldn’t have had Tomahawk missiles because the Pentagon actually was not going to try to produce them. Without Congress’ stepping in, we would not have had jointness. 
The reason we have to step in for this 
number of carriers is that, as you have heard mentioned, if we don’t have these carriers, we will automatically go from 7 months deployment for our sailors on these carriers to as many as 9 months or 10 months—an extra 2 to 3 months. Ask those families what an imposition that is. 
if we don’t have them, we will have gaps in the national defense of this country. As my friend Mr. COURTNEY  
mentioned, just recently, we had a carrier out there for 54 days, fighting ISIL, when we had no other capabilities of doing it. Had we not had that carrier, we would have had difficulties as a country. 
these carriers, we run our other carriers harder, faster, and burn them out more. Essentially, we are consuming the next generation’s national defense. 
you were to look just a few years ago, our commanders around the globe were able to meet 90 percent of the requirements they needed for the United States Navy. This year, we will only meet 44 percent of those requirements. If we allow this amendment, there will 
be a commander somewhere who won’t have that carrier group when he needs it. I hope we defeat this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 3, 4, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 18, 19, 20, 25, 29, 36, 76, and 94 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title I, add the 
from a list of bases which included two United States candidate bases in Alaska and three foreign OCONUS candidate bases, selected Eielson Air Force Base as the preferred alternative for two of Pacific Air Force’s F35A Lightning II squadrons in Alaska. 
Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force, in the strategic basing process for the F–35A aircraft, should continue to place emphasis on the benefits derived from sites that— 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
At the end of subtitle A of title III, add the 
for the Office of Economic Adjustment to be available, until expended and notwithstanding any other provision of law, for transportation infrastructure improvements associated with congestion mitigation in urban areas related to recommendations of the 2005 Defense Base Closure and Realignment Commission. 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amounts specified in the funding table in section 4301 of division D, relating to Operation and Maintenance, are each hereby reduced by $5,000,000 (for a total of $25,000,000), as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . MESSER OF  
Not earlier than 5 years after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive study on the impact of any final rule that succeeds the proposed regulation entitled National Ambient Air Quality Standards for Ozone (published at 79 Fed. Reg. 75234) on military readiness, including the impact of such rule on training exercises, military installations, land owned and operated by the Department of Defense, the infrastructure upon which the national security system relies, and the impact military activities may have on attainment designations. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . TAKAI OF  
At the end of subtitle F of title V (page 227, 
duties are primarily as a mariner receive training opportunities necessary to meet the requirements for licenses, certificates of registry, and merchant mariners’ documents issued under part E of subtitle II of title 46, and to acquire a Convention on Standards of Training, Certification, and Watchkeeping for Seafarers endorsement to such licenses and documents; 
deck and engineering departments have a designated path to meet the requirements for such licenses, documents, and endorsement commensurate with their positional responsibilities; 
which the Coast Guard is operating shall ensure that any assessment of the training and 
experience of an applicant who is or has been a member of the armed forces is conducted without any limitation related to the member’s military pay grade.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the 
veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the veteran. 
of a radiationexposed veteran who is deceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Medal to the nextofkin of the person. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
At the end of subtitle E of title VI, add the 
is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Reserve component performed inactive duty training or active duty for training for at least six years but did not serve on active duty; and 
an individual may be purchased under this subsection by— 
kin, as determined by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. 
headstones and markers made available for purchase under this section, the Secretary shall ensure the prices are sufficient to cover the costs associated with the production and delivery of such headstones and markers. 
under the laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs solely by reason of this subsection. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KLINE OF  
than 100 miles from a military medical treatment facility; and 
‘‘(ii) is such an eligible beneficiary by reason of service in the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps.’’. 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 1406 for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4501, is hereby increased by $4,000,000. 
set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amounts authorized to be appropriated in section 301 for operation and maintenance, Navy, Line 040, Air Operations and Safety Support, MV–22 Fleet Engineering Support Unfunded Requirement, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4301, is hereby reduced by $4,000,000. 
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
FUNDS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . PASCRELL  
At the end of subtitle C of title VII, add 
and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Program shall conduct a study on blast injury mechanics covering a wide range of primary blast injury conditions, including traumatic brain injury, in order to accelerate solution development in this critical area. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
‘‘, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . CHABOT OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
30, 2016, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, in consultation with the Federal agencies, shall— 
with respect to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women. 
small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded prime contracts in each North American Industrial Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number awarded contracts during the prior fiscal year, if 
small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded subcontracts in each North American Industrial Classification System code during the fiscal year and a comparison to the number awarded contracts during the prior fiscal year, if available. 
dollar amount of prime contracts and subcontracts awarded to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business 
dollar amount of prime contracts and subcontracts awarded to small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women in each North American Industrial Classification System code. 
number of small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women awarded contracts in each North American Industrial Classification System code. 
REPORT ON SCORECARD METHOD OLOGY .—Not later than September 30, 2018, 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate a report that— 
used to calculate a score under this subsection accurately and effectively— 
opportunities for mall business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans, qualified HUBZone small business concerns, small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals, and small business concerns owned and controlled by women to compete for and be awarded Federal procurement contracts across North American Industrial Classification System Codes; and 
on how to improve such methodology to improve its accuracy and effectiveness. 
concern’’, ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by servicedisabled veterans’’, ‘‘qualified HUBZone small business concern’’, and ‘‘small business concern owned and controlled by women’’ shall have the meanings given such terms under section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . PERRY OF  
REALIGNMENT OF FORCES AT OR CLOSURE OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used, during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2016, to— 
States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, including a modification of the boundaries of Guantanamo Bay, unless ratified with the advice and consent of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
Not later than 60 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report addressing the suitability of existing capabilities to detect, identify, and disable remotely piloted aircraft operating within special use and restricted airspace. The report shall include the following: 
existing capabilities to detect, identify, and potentially disable remotely piloted aircraft within special use and restricted airspace are able to be deployed and combat prevailing threats. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . KLINE OF  
Congress that in order to ensure the safety and security of members of the Armed Forces of the United States overseas— 
United States should have the proper authorized resources at all times to protect themselves while participating in an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate abroad; and 
ability of members of the Armed Forces of the United States to maintain on their person and use authorized weapons and equipment for personal and evacuee security at all 
times and to take authorized protective actions subject to applicable law and orders from the chain of command, during an ordered evacuation of a United States embassy or consulate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
At the end of subtitle C of title XII (page 
EFFECTIVENESS OF AND REQUIREMENTS FOR THE ESTABLISHMENT OF SAFE ZONES OR A NOFLY ZONE IN SYRIA. 
the crisis in Syria, which has resulted in the world’s largest ongoing humanitarian disaster. 
supporting militias, including Hezbollah, continue to carry out sectarian mass atrocities, which have included mass targeted killings, mass graves, the extermination of entire families, including their children, incidents of ethnic cleansing, sexual violence, widespread torture, aerial bombardment of residential areas, and forced displacement of certain Syrian civilians especially from areas in western Syria where Assad is attempting to increase the dominance of his own loyalists. 
killed, including thousands of children, many more have been seriously wounded, and civilian casualties continue to mount as widespread and systematic attacks on schools, hospitals, and other civilian facilities persist in violation of international norms and principles. 
have used air power to target Syrian civilians, including the deployment of barrel bombs filled with explosives, shrapnel, and chemical weapons. 
other parties to the conflict are systematically blocking humanitarian aid delivery, including food and medical care, from many civilian areas in violation of international norms and principles. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report that— 
risks, and operational requirements of the establishment and maintenance of a nofly zone over part or all of Syria, including— 
for United States and coalition air power to establish a nofly zone in Syria; 
(ii) the impact a nofly zone in Syria would 
have on humanitarian and counterterrorism efforts in Syria and the surrounding region; 
from other countries to establish a nofly zone in Syria; and 
nofly zone in Syria on the recipients of training provided by section 1209 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541); and 
risks, and operational requirements for the establishment of one or more safe zones in Syria for internally displaced people or for the facilitation of humanitarian assistance, including— 
for United States and coalition forces to establish one or more safe zones in Syria; (ii) the impact one or more safe zones in 
Syria would have on humanitarian and counterterrorism efforts in Syria and the surrounding region; 
other countries and vetted nonstate actor partners to establish and maintain one or more safe zones in Syria; and 
or more safe zones in Syria on the recipients of training provided by section 1209 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3541). 
the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
recognizes the de jure or de facto sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea, its airspace, or its territorial waters; or 
government of a country that has taken affirmative steps intended to recognize or otherwise be supportive of the Russian Federation’s forcible and illegal occupation of Crimea. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MRS . DAVIS OF  
At the end of subtitle A of title XXVIII 
(page 775, after line 19), add the following new section: 
carry out this subsection, the Secretary concerned may carry out an unspecified minor military construction project that— 
development program facility serving children under 13 years of age. 
AMENDMENT NO . 76 OFFERED BY MR . SCALISE OF  
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— 
801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 11184; 123 Stat. 2400) is amended— 
Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113291) is amended— 
AMENDMENT NO . 94 OFFERED BY MR . ENGEL OF  
Page 548, line 22, after ‘‘through 2018’’ insert ‘‘while also maintaining a focus on the protection of human rights’’. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
each will control 10 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
in this en bloc package from both Republicans and Democrats. Both Republicans and Democrats have contributed to this bill, and I hope all of the Members who have sponsored the 19 amendments that are included in this package will vote for the final passage of the bill, because, if you get an amendment adopted but then you vote against the final passage, you have pretty much negated your own work. I hope that is not the case. I hope Members on both sides of the aisle support its final passage. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendments. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 10 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ). 
member, and I thank the chairman for including my amendment in the en bloc set of amendments. 
simply create a service medal to be awarded to atomic veterans or their surviving family members in honor of their service and sacrifice to our Nation. 
Between 1945 and 1962, 225,000 members of our Armed Forces participated in hundreds of nuclear weapons tests. The atomic veterans were placed in extremely dangerous areas, constantly exposed to dangerous levels of radiation in the performance of their duties. They were sworn to secrecy, unable to even talk to their doctors about their past exposure to radiation. 
George H. W. Bush recognized the atomic veterans’ valiant service and acted to provide specialized care and compensation for their harrowing duty. 
Mondello from Shrewsbury, Massachusetts, is an atomic veteran and is very proud of his service to our country. Like me, he believes it is past time for the Defense Department to honor with a medal the unique service carried out by atomic veterans. 
be too difficult to identify which veterans would be awarded this medal. Thankfully, the U.S. Code clearly identifies exactly which veterans are considered atomic veterans. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the distinguished House majority whip. 
amendment that is bipartisan and that deals with AbilityOne agencies. The Department of Defense has created three procurement programs for Afghanistan, central Asian states, and Djibouti to support businesses and local economies in these countries and to cultivate positive relationships in the region and the world. The problem is, while I surely appreciate their intentions, there have been unintended consequences with this program in implementing these programs. 
The GSA has allowed businesses located in these countries to supply products manufactured by AbilityOne agencies, which employ blind and disabled Americans. The result of that policy has been devastating to many of these AbilityOne agencies across the country. We have seen job losses here in America in implementing this new policy by the Department of Defense. 
This amendment addresses the problem of these job losses by exempting those AbilityOne agencies from this Department of Defense procurement program. If you look at what has happened with this program, we have seen facilities not only in Louisiana but in States like New York, Texas, Ohio, Kansas, North Carolina, Nebraska, and Washington all experience job losses here in America from shipping those jobs over to foreign countries. 
hope—that that was not the intention of the program, Mr. Chairman, to take jobs away from disabled Americans and ship those jobs overseas. 
So what this amendment does is restore those jobs back here in America for those blind and other disabled Americans who have one of the highest underemployment populations in the country. Let’s keep those jobs here. We can continue building relations with other countries, but just not at the expense of American jobs for disabled workers. That is what the amendment does. 
to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. BOUSTANY ), who is a cosponsor. 
thank the gentleman, the majority whip, for yielding to me. I rise in support of this bipartisan amendment. 
AbilityOne products from certain DOD procurement programs in this legislation. These procurement programs have severely affected Louisiana’s disabled workers in the recent past, and in Louisiana alone these programs have forced disabled workers to be laid off to the tune of approximately $18 million in lost revenue, so while I believe it is important to support these critical overseas partners that we have as they rebuild their economies, we also need to focus on jobs here at home. That is why I have cosponsored this. It is a commonsense amendment. It is revenue neutral. I strongly believe that this amendment will allow AbilityOne disabled workers nationwide to hold on to jobs. 
yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the distinguished minority whip. 
committee, for working very hard on this bill. Both of them are responsible leaders in this House and work well together to make sure that our national security is well served. I regret, therefore, that I will be opposing this bill for reasons that I will discuss. 
the defense authorization bill that gives our troops the tools they need to achieve their mission’s objectives, enhance our national security, and bolster key U.S. partners. These are, of course, positive aspects of this bill. 
GWENGRAHAM for authoring an amendment that will help develop a joint U.S.Israeli antitunneling system, which is included in this bill. Representative MARC VEASEY had an 
amendment adopted in committee that asked the Pentagon to explore the effects of the DACA program on military recruitment. Congressman GALLEGO  
worked hard to get language included in the bill expressing the sense of Congress that DREAMers, undocumented immigrants who were brought here as children, ought to be able to serve the country they love in our military and be rewarded for that service with a chance to stay here legally. 
across the aisle have made it their mission to remove that language from the bill. I urge my colleagues to defeat that amendment, given how important these issues are and that the language in the bill does not force the Defense Department to take any action it does not deem to be in the best interests of the national security. The amendment striking this provision, as I said, ought to be defeated. 
The bill contains provisions that continue to prevent President Obama, however, from finally closing the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. Not only does that facility cost taxpayers $2.4 million per detainee. I know my budget hawks think, well, $2.4 million to keep one person in jail for a year, that makes sense. I disagree with you on that if you think that. But not only does it cost way too much, it is a blot against our country in the eyes of the world and in the hearts of so many of our own citizens here at home. 
the President laid out a path to lift the sequester level, which is undermining our national security. Hear me. The sequester that this bill honors by exception is undermining the national security of America. 
sequester for everything except that which some think is important. I share their view that national security is critically important. For 34 years in 
the authorization bills and on the appropriation bills, I have been a strong supporter of a robust national security, whether it was President Reagan or President Bush or President Clinton or President Bush or, yes, President Obama. 
floor in my support of national security over those threeandahalf decades, but our national security is being put at risk because we are honoring sequester in this bill. Not only are we honoring sequester in this bill, we are, in fact—for the investments in education, in infrastructure, in the environment—undermining our country’s wellbeing. For that reason alone, I will vote against this bill until we fix the sequester and take care of America’s national security. 
distinguished minority whip has chosen not to support this bipartisan legislation. It is absolutely true that this bill does not fix sequester for all those nondefense issues, and as I mentioned yesterday, I think there are a lot of people on both sides of the aisle who would like to find something better than the Budget Control Act—with the caps and sequester—to deal with our budgeting. 
But that is not what a defense authorization bill is or does or can do. So the idea that we would hold our military and their pay and their weapons and the policies involved hostage in the hopes that we can put enough pressure to have the President and Congress somehow come together to fix all these other problems, I just think that is unrealistic, and I am afraid that that is not fair to the people we support with this legislation. I think that is an unfortunate political tactic that some have chosen to take that puts our men and women at greater risk. They ought to get better from us. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
amendment would direct the Department of Defense to conduct a study on blast injury mechanics covering a wide range of primary blast injury conditions, including traumatic brain injury, in order to accelerate solution development in this critical area. 
Congressional Brain Injury Task Force, I have spent the last 14 years fighting for patients with brain injuries, both on and off the battlefield. We all know that TBI is the signature wound of the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, and while we have made great progress on ensuring our soldiers have the best care, there is still more work to be done. 
The DOD’s peerreviewed Psychological Health and Traumatic Brain Injury Research Program conducts extensive research on TBI. However, little is 
known about a primary blast injury and its connection to TBI. Researchers still do not know the exact mechanisms by which a primary blast injury damages the brain cells and circuits. Understanding how a primary blast injury affects the brain is imperative to developing appropriate prevention measures, including ensuring proper equipment. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ). 
today in support of the en bloc amendment and the underlying bill. My amendment language would simply require a study of the effects of any final EPA ozone rule on our military readiness. 
planet, but we must also recognize the real world consequences of any regulations that we pass. For example, according to NERA Economic Consulting, stricter ozone standards could reduce U.S. GDP by $1.7 trillion over 20 years, killing 340,000 jobs in Indiana alone. 
The EPA ozone rule will no doubt affect our military readiness as well. Estimates show 11 million acres of land under DOD control could be impacted. Tighter ozone standards could force imposition of new emission controls on our military vehicles. Military air bases could be impacted as well. No matter what you think of the EPA ozone rule, we should all agree that we ought to know how the final rule impacts our military readiness. 
Congress has no more important responsibility than protecting our national security. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of three measures I offered that are part of this and a later en bloc amendment. 
with the Committee on Foreign Affairs chairman, EDROYCE . For more than 4 
years, the Assad regime has rained down terror on its own citizens in the form of barrel bombs in Syria. Thousands upon thousands of Syrians have abandoned their homes and spilled across the border into Lebanon, Turkey, and Jordan. They are begging the world for help. While it wouldn’t nearly solve this problem, a nofly zone or a safe zone would provide a glimmer of hope for these people. Our amendment would require the Pentagon leaders to take a hard look at the feasibility of establishing a nofly zone. 
the Pentagon to report to Congress on the way reductions in U.S. military 
readiness in Europe would affect NATO’s core mission of collective defense. This report would be required before any reduction in Europe takes 
place. I view Vladimir Putin’s aggression as the greatest threat to European security since World War II. Today, NATO’s article 5 must remain a credible deterrent. My amendment takes a step in that direction. 
sure U.S. training programs for Afghan National Security Forces include training on the protection of human rights. Since the defeat of the Taliban in 2001, not enough has been done to make human rights protections a priority for law enforcement agencies in Afghanistan. This issue should be a major part of our training efforts. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. HANNA ). 
aviation is quickly changing. Today, basic unmanned aircraft can be purchased for a few hundred dollars, flown virtually anywhere by an operator with little or no experience. 
the east lawn of the White House in January, we saw the potential danger of such aircraft. In my district, the Air Force Research Laboratory in Rome, New York, working with NUAIR, is one of the six FAA test sites in the country to integrate these systems into our national airspace. We are on the cutting edge of advances in UAVs, unmanned aerial aircraft. My amendment would simply require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a departmentwide review of its current capacities to detect, identify, and remotely disarm unmanned aircraft. 
It would further require the Secretary to examine how the Department of Research and Development resources can be leveraged to enhance these capacities. Within the Department of Defense, some of our Nation’s most advanced research is taking place. 
I appreciate the committee’s recognition and including this in the en bloc. 
of a bipartisan amendment I introduced with my colleague, the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ). This 
amendment prohibits the authorization of funds to implement any action that recognizes Russian sovereignty over the Crimea. The language mirrors my legislation, H.R. 93, the Crimea Annexation Nonrecognition Act, which passed out of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs unanimously. 
included in the CR/Omnibus signed into law in December. 
undermines Ukrainian sovereignty and sets a dangerous precedent that cannot 
be overstated. The U.S. must make a simple, declarative statement on Russia’s illegal annexation. This bipartisan amendment does just that. 
I also want to thank the Armed Services Committee leadership and staff for working with us on three other amendments that promote monitoring and evaluation for humanitarian assistance programs, improve management of information technology projects, and foster better communication between government and industry. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ), chair of the Small 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today as chairman of the House Small Business Committee to support the en bloc amendment, which includes the bipartisan amendment offered by Mr. CONNOLLY of 
Virginia and myself. It is really commonsense acquisition reform. 
contracting programs aimed at ensuring that the Department of Defense has a reliable small business technological and industrial base, but we rarely look at the results of these programs. The current method used to assess the health of the small business base focuses almost exclusively on one factor, and that is prime contract dollars. 
are missing a lot of the picture. For example, the current method ignores the fact that since 2013 we have lost over 25 percent of the small firms registered to do business with the Federal Government. That is over 100,000 small businesses that are no longer competing for contracts. 
We also have a declining small business participation rate, which threatens the core principle of competition. It is basic supply and demand: when there are fewer offers, prices go up. And that harms the taxpayer. That is what we are trying to deal with. 
I urge my colleagues to support this. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Hawaii (Mr. TAKAI). 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Chairman, this bipartisan amendment will help men and women in the armed services that gain experience in maritime trades during their military career to transition into careers in the U.S. merchant marine so they can continue to serve our country. 
training opportunities necessary to meet the requirements for licenses and certificates of registry. 
amendment will help build on past successes, allowing the tens of thousands of currently serving military servicemembers in the maritime trades to leave the military fully licensed to serve in the U.S. merchant marine. We can fix this now and, in doing so, 
not only allow already qualified servicemembers a better opportunity to find a job, but a chance to continue to ensure our national security. 
A strong, domestic maritime industry is a critical component of our national security strategy. We must ensure that an adequate supply of mariners is available to support this industry. This not only preserves American security, but it preserves American jobs. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
that I am pleased to support the amendments that we have just discussed en bloc. 
our Democratic colleagues include such important issues as Russia, traumatic brain injury, a Syrian nofly zone, human rights in Afghanistan, and maritime job training. All are important issues, and I appreciate the contributions of all the Members who authored these amendments, who presented them, and who have argued for them here before the House. 
those Members will not just throw away the results of their efforts by voting against final passage because voting against final passage essentially means all of this work that they have put in goes for nothing. 
have contributed to this product. Members on both sides of the aisle need to contribute to having it become law. 
both sides to support the en bloc package, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to reclaim the balance of my time. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I take the 
chairman’s point, but it is one that really doesn’t make any sense from a legislative standpoint. 
that you can like portions of a bill and still vote against the bill. I don’t think there is a legislator alive who hasn’t ever been in that position. 
So this idea that if you get something, anything, however small in the bill, you are then somehow morally obligated to vote for it, goes against every aspect of legislating that I have ever seen. 
It is our constant challenge as legislators that we have pieces of legislation before us where there is a lot in it that we like and there is some in it 
that we don’t like. And you have got to 
get something in this bill, you have to vote for it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
ask unanimous consent to reclaim the balance of the time that I yielded back. 
There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
appreciate the point that the gentleman made. My point is that for 53 years this product has been the result of bipartisan effort. And never before, I don’t believe, have we had a party decision to oppose the NDAA in order to try to leverage it for some purpose outside of defense. And yet that is what is happening here. 
the contributions that Members on both sides have made. It is not some little something that the Members have just gotten in here. These are important issues: traumatic brain injury, Russia, Syria, human rights, maritime job training. They are significant contributions. 
moral one, it is a practical one. You work to get these amendments included in the bill, but then if you vote against the bill and it goes down in defeat, what have you accomplished? Nothing. 
who have made contributions and who do support a strong military will rethink the position that they are being asked to take with this bill. 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
6), relating to a sense of the House of Representatives regarding Secretary of Defense review of section 504 of title 10, United States Code, regarding enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) and a 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), chairman of the House Armed Services Committee 
rise in support of the Brooks amendment. I opposed the Gallego amendment when it was considered in committee, and I remain opposed to bringing the sensitive issue of immigration into the defense authorization bill. 
the aisle with a variety of positions when it comes to immigration, but a Defense Authorization Act is not the appropriate time or place to have this debate. 
does not change any law. It is a sense of Congress that the Secretary should review existing authorities. So having sensitive debate when there can be no result that changes anything only distracts from the essential provisions in this bill that do matter to our troops and our Nation’s security. 
Senate Armed Services Committee has said publicly: ‘‘We’re not going to do anything on immigration in the NDAA.’’ That is my view as well. 
the Brooks amendment to remove this provision now so that we can better focus on the things that are essential for our troops and our security. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
For many, America is the only country they have ever known. It is the country they love and call home. Many want nothing more than the chance to serve the United States in uniform. 
to deny these talented young people that opportunity. It would strike my amendment encouraging the Secretary of Defense to use his authority under existing law to enable DACA recipients to enlist. 
leave the deeply unjust status quo unchanged. Right now, in America, DREAMers can be drafted into the military, but they can’t sign up to serve in the military force they choose. That is simply unacceptable. These young people are Americans in every respect, except on paper. 
really matters on the battlefield isn’t whether you have the right papers; it is whether you have the heart to fight, patriotism for your country, and the right character. 
country, I hope we will defeat this deeply misguided Brooks amendment. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), chairman of the Judiciary Committee. 
the gentleman for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
legitimize the President’s unconstitutional overreach regarding immigration, especially that of creating a program to defer removal for an entire class of hundreds of thousands of unlawful aliens. 
The gentleman’s amendment is necessary to preserve the Congress’ constitutionally guaranteed plenary power over immigration law and policy. 
Whether and how to deal with unlawful aliens brought to the U.S. as minors by their parents is a question that we should debate thoroughly. And any legislative efforts regarding these individuals should move through regular order in the House Judiciary Committee, which has jurisdiction over immigration law and policy. 
Legitimate concerns must be considered when discussing this issue, not the least of which is whether the parents who brought the minor to the U.S. illegally should be able to ultimately benefit from the illegal activity by becoming permanent residents based on the legal status of the minor they brought here illegally in the first place. As the policy currently stands, that will happen if any Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals recipient enlists in the military. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from the great State of Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). 
Jesus said that there is no greater love than to lay down your life for your friend. Abraham Lincoln said that giving your life for your country is the last full measure of devotion. And that is why I am opposed to this amendment. 
I am proud that, in America, citizenship means something. It is worthy to be earned. Amnesty, to me, means giving it away, and I don’t support that. 
I do support the ability to earn citizenship. If a person has the courage and conviction to take the oath and to join our Nation’s warriors to defend you and me, what more can they do to prove their allegiance? 
And if someone through their merit and hard work earns acceptance into that elite fighting force, where they could die defending you and me, then I leave you with this question: What country’s flag would you have draped on the casket of that brave soul? 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) of the Science, 
thank my friend from Alabama for yielding, and I support his amendment. 
to strike would legitimize the President’s unlawful immigration actions, which violates Congress’ constitutional authority over immigration policy. Serving in our military forces and defending our country should be a privilege reserved for those who are citizens and legal U.S. residents. 
this amendment and tell the President: No more unlawful actions on immigration. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair will remind Members to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). 
who risk their lives every day to keep our country safe and free deserve the utmost respect and admiration. They are tasked with a responsibility far greater than the rest of us. 
their lives on the line every day to protect our Nation and to promote our ideals of liberty and freedom. I believe we can all agree on this. 
is that some of my Republican colleagues think that it is fair to punish those who want to take on this courageous responsibility simply because they have not yet been granted full citizenship. 
My colleague from Arizona’s amendment passed out of committee and merely recognizes the willingness of DREAMers, young people brought to this country as children, to serve in the military for the country they love. For most, this is the only country they have ever known. We shouldn’t allow our broken immigration system to stand in the way of their distinguished military service. 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time for closing. How much time do I have? 
Chairman, who has the right to close on this amendment? 
Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, Americans in our Armed Forces are being hammered with layoffs and reductions in force. Representative GALLEGO ’s amendment to the NDAA 
Forces positions were eliminated. This year, 28,000 military positions will be eliminated. Over the next 4 years, another 38,000 military positions will be cut. 
Forces will eliminate a total of 158,000 uniformed personnel positions, thereby costing American citizens and lawful immigrants 158,000 military service opportunities. 
What is the result? Americans serving around the world today have been handed ‘‘pink slips’’ while they are risking their lives for America. That is outrageous. 
For emphasis, there is no military recruitment and retention deficit that justifies supplanting Americans and lawful immigrants with illegal aliens. 
In 2014, every branch of the military—the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, the Marines—met their recruiting and retention requirements, while turning away thousands of highly qualified Americans and lawful immigrants. 
Each year, there are a limited number of enlistment opportunities. Each time GALLEGO ’Samendment helps an 
illegal alien enlist, an American or lawful immigrant loses—loses—an enlistment opportunity. The ratio is 1 to 1, period. That is the math. 
represent Americans by voting to stop military service opportunities from being taken from struggling American families in order to give them to illegal aliens. 
my amendment to strike the Gallego amendment from the National Defense Authorization Act. 
Mr. Chairman, thank you for considering my thoughts and request. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
First of all, let me just say I agree 
completely with the comments of the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ) and can’t say it any 
better, that, if you are willing to put your life on the line for your country, then your country ought to accept you; and it truly is your country. 
Second of all, the United States military is not a jobs program. If you are willing to show up and put your life on the line, then that ought to be honored, and you ought to be accepted. 
The notion that these people are taking jobs from Americans is, frankly, one that doesn’t make any sense. We are asking people to serve in a very difficult job to defend our country. If people in this country are willing to do this, we ought to, at a minimum, accept them. 
undocumented population in this country is a population that, for too long, has been ignored and shoved into the shadows. We all imagine that they are somehow different from the rest of us, but I guarantee you everybody in this room knows someone who is undocumented, and the overwhelming majority of them are lawabiding people who 
part of the country that they have unquestionably claimed as their own. 
we put on in committee is one small piece of doing that, to give them the opportunity to serve in the United States military, and then be given legal status. 
I think we need to do a lot more than 
that. I think we need comprehensive immigration reform so we can bring the undocumented population out of the shadows, give them a path to citizenship. 
I oppose the effort by Mr. B ROOKS to 
strip it. I think it is the least our country can do for someone who is willing to fight and potentially die on our behalf, to give them legal status, to treat them as the Americans that they truly are. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
to consider amendment No. 15 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Defense’’ and insert ‘‘any department or agency of the United States Government’’. 
2016,’’ and insert ‘‘the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’. 
Page 439, lines 7 through 8, strike ‘‘the Department of Defense’’ and insert ‘‘any department or agency of the United States Government’’. 
Page 439, lines 9 through 10, strike ‘‘December 31, 2016,’’ and insert ‘‘the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’. 
or assessed to be a detainee referred for prosecution, a detainee approved for detention, or a detainee approved for conditional detention by the Guantanamo Detainee Review Task Force established pursuant to Executive Order number 13492. 
TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO YEMEN. 
or otherwise made available to any department or agency of the United States Government may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the Republic of Yemen or any entity within Yemen. 
House Resolution 260, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) and a 
this debate is fundamentally about risk and trust. It is safe to assume the administration is risking our national security for the sake of fulfilling a misguided campaign promise. Simply put, we have too much at stake to trust an executive order from the President. 
security, further strengthens and extends commonsense restrictions on Guantanamo transfers. It prohibits detainees from coming to the U.S., policy which has, in the past, had strong bipartisan support. In addition, it restricts the most dangerous detainees from being transferred. 
an al Qaeda stronghold, one of the most dangerous places on Earth to set terrorists free. 
the security of the U.S., including the threat of Islamic extremism, President Obama doesn’t seem to get it. It seems like the only thing we can trust the administration to do is underestimate the threat. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment in large part because of the broader debate over closing Guantanamo, and this amendment makes it even more difficult to close Guantanamo, which is a policy we ought do. 
Gates, endless string of military leaders, and, in a bipartisan way, when JOHN MCCAINwas running for President, people have said that we should close Guantanamo. It is not a policy that we should continue. 
For beginners, it costs nearly $3 million an inmate now to house them there, when the ones that need to be kept can be safely housed in the United States. We have proven that we are perfectly capable of locking up terrorists and protecting our country. 
now locked up in the United States of America, including Ramzi Yousef, The Blind Sheik, Zacarias Moussaoui, and a number of very, very bad guys. We can do it in the U.S. We do not need Guantanamo. 
makes it very, very difficult to transfer anybody, and a large number of inmates at Guantanamo have been cleared for transfer. They have been deemed not to be a threat, and they are cleared to be transferred. Mrs. WALORSKI ’s amendment would make it 
These are people that we have already decided are not going to be a threat, and now, we are going to pass an amendment saying we are simply going to lock them up and hold them forever just because. 
because is there is a risk, and I am not going to deny that there is a risk if you release somebody. 
I will say that the statistics on people returning to the fight who have been in Guantanamo are very skewed. Back before 2008, I think, at one point, we had as many as 700 inmates at Guantanamo; a lot of people were released without proper care. Now, they were also brought there without proper investigation to figure out whether or not they were people we should legitimately pick up. 
Since 2008, the percentage of the people who have been released who have returned to the fight is less than 10 percent. It has gone down considerably. 
of justice, it is not our principle here in the U.S. that, if there is any possibility whatsoever that someone will reoffend, well, we are just going to lock you up forever—that is not the principle of justice that we have. We have a principle of justice that 
says you serve your time and then you are let out. At Guantanamo, we have released a fair number of people in the last year because they were deemed to not be a threat. This amendment would eliminate our ability to do that and also make it more difficult to close Guantanamo—which, again, $3 million an inmate—when we can safely do it here. 
Internationally, Guantanamo continues to be a blight on the U.S. record. Now, I will not make the argument that some make that say this is a recruitment tool—it is a recruitment tool for al Qaeda and likeminded groups—but they have no shortage of recruitment tools. I am not even going to begin to argue that somehow, if we close Guantanamo, they would no longer be trying to attack us. 
However, our allies, countries in Europe, other Arab states that want to work with us to try to contain groups like ISIL and al Qaeda, they have to deal with citizens who hate Guantanamo, who see it as a symbol of injustice and a betrayal of their values and our values, so working with our allies to properly confront the terrorist threat is made more difficult by the presence of Guantanamo Bay prison. 
an amendment after this one that would give us a path to closing the prison, but I oppose this amendment because it makes it more difficult to do what we ought to do in this country, and that is close Guantanamo Bay prison. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), an original cosponsor of this bill. 
terrorism only continues to grow, and I take that threat very seriously. 
still determined to close Guantanamo Bay detention facility, regardless of the risk that it poses to U.S. national security. 
As in previous conflicts, it is appropriate and lawful to hold detainees and, in this case, until al Qaeda and associated forces are defeated and surrender. Guantanamo is the safest and most appropriate location. It is secure and relatively distant from the United States and terrorist safe havens. 
conditions for the detainees. They have appropriate access to health care, recreational activities, and cultural and religious materials. Members of the House of Representatives and others routinely visit Guantanamo and have seen the conditions in which the dangerous detainees are held. 
Guantanamo detainees have a high rate of recidivism. New reports indicate that the U.S. military and intelligence community suspect that one of 
the Taliban Five has attempted to return to the fight. 
No one has escaped Guantanamo, unlike other terrorist detention facilities around the world, and the facility has not been attacked, unlike other facilities. 
I ask for your support. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
prison either, just to be absolutely clear about that. I am not sure which prisons this gentleman is talking about, but no one has escaped from a U.S. prison either; no terrorist has escaped. 
have just one further speaker, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), the 
We live in a dangerous world. Whether it is ongoing conflict in Yemen, the march of ISIL, the slaughter of Christians by Boko Haram, the murder of innocents by al Shabaab, or the continued desire of al Qaeda to attack Americans, the rise of Islamic extremism is real; and we need a safe, effective place to detain these combatants. 
house this unique mission. Now is not the time to transfer these detainees or close its doors. 
I had the opportunity to visit Guantanamo Bay and see the operations there firsthand, and I can confirm that GTMO is currently the safest and most appropriate location to hold detainees who were engaged in dangerous acts threatening the U.S. and our allies. 
We need to continue to protect American citizens from some of the world’s most dangerous individuals. We need to pass this amendment. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ), the distinguished chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of this amendment. 
concern for the rushed, almost frenzied manner in which the administration is emptying the detention center at Guantanamo Bay. 
Just this past December, the administration released six Guantanamo Bay detainees to the small South American country of Uruguay. These six detainees had been trained in munitions and document forgery. In quiet negotiations with Uruguay to take the six, the Obama administration offered the President of Uruguay written assurances that none of them had ever been involved in conducting or facilitating terrorist activities, throwing out with a stroke of a pen the intelligence and analysis that had led to their detention. 
These six former terrorists and Guantanamo Bay detainees live only six blocks away from the U.S. Embassy, which has forced the Embassy to heighten its security posture. The Obama administration has effectively prioritized its political goal of closing Guantanamo over our national security interests. The administration’s desperation to empty Guantanamo has caused six hardened terrorists to land dangerously close to an embassy in our hemisphere. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). 
today in support of this amendment because a catchandrelease program is not how to defeat and destroy Islamic terrorist organizations. 
Most of the last decade of my career was spent hunting, killing, or capturing dangerous terrorists who had American blood on their hands. 
for the Combined Joint Special Operations Task Force, I had the honor of leading special operations troops in hunting these dangerous assailants and bringing them to justice. Releasing terrorists from Guantanamo Bay who are committed to killing American citizens not only is a national security risk, but it is also a slap in the face to every American, every man, every woman who died in the battlefield to put them there. 
are reformed; however, the facts say differently. According to the Director of National Intelligence, nearly 30 percent of former GTMO detainees are confirmed or suspected of engaging in 
work for trout in Montana, but it doesn’t work for terrorists. 
Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
truly astonishing that in 2015 the United States continues to hold people indefinitely who have not been charged, let alone convicted, of any crime, who have been judged not to pose any threat to the United States. Our continuing to hold prisoners indefinitely without charging them, without trial, is a rebuke to our professed support of liberty. 
dangerous terrorists, and some are. But some of them are not. They are people 
who were captured in some way, who have been judged by our military not to pose a threat to the United States, who have not been charged or judged as terrorists. Some of them may be simply victims to the fact that we paid bounties to people in Afghanistan to turn in people who they said were terrorists. The Hatfields turned in the McCoys because—why not?—we were giving them a bounty of a few thousand dollars. 
supermax prisons in the United States, from which no one has ever escaped. There is no reason to spend all the money in Guantanamo and have this continuing shame on the reputation of the United States. 
I oppose this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–112. 
cited as the ‘‘Guantanamo Bay Detention Facility Closure Act of 2015’’. 
United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment; and 
within the United States, its territories, or possessions any individual detained at Guantanamo. 
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 128 Stat. 851). 
of any right, privilege, or benefit of any law of the United States beyond those available to any similarly situated alien in the United States. 
days before transferring any individual detained at Guantanamo to the United States, its territories, or possessions, the President shall submit to Congress a report about such individual that includes— 
amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense may be used after December 31, 2017, for the detention facility or detention operations at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. 
Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1564;10 U.S.C. 801 note) is completed by not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan describing each of the following: 
detention and treatment of individuals captured overseas in the future who are suspected of being terrorists. 
to which the President seeks to transfer such an individual or an individual detained at Guantanamo, estimates of each of the following costs: 
sustainment, maintenance, and operation of all infrastructure supporting detention operations or prosecution at such location. 
with trying such individuals in the United States, including the costs of military personnel, civilian personnel, and contractors associated with the prosecution at such location, including any costs likely to be incurred by other Federal departments or agencies, or State or local governments. 
In this section, the term ‘‘individual detained at Guantanamo’’ means any individual located at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, as of October 1, 2009, who— 
a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) and a 
would take out of the bill all of the things that are in it that make it impossible to close Guantanamo Bay prison. 
times. The provisions are typically banning any transfers to the U.S., banning any construction in the U.S. of any facilities to house the folks being housed right now at Guantanamo. It strips out those two, and it also asks the President to give us a detailed plan on how he would go about closing Guantanamo and what he would do with the inmates that are there now, and it requires a 90day notice period to Congress before any action could be taken on that. And it is basically the same argument that I just made as to why we should close Guantanamo. 
It was opened in the first place as a 
way to try to get around the U.S. Constitution. Basically, the thought was, 
since it wasn’t in the continental U.S., habeas corpus and other constitutional protections wouldn’t apply. But the Supreme Court a number of years ago said that it is effectively under U.S. control, so all the same rules apply. One argument that is frequently 
trotted out is that somehow, if they were brought to the U.S., they would suddenly have constitutional rights that they don’t have in Guantanamo. The Supreme Court has already ruled on that. They have ruled that it is effectively under U.S. control, and they have the exact same rights to habeas corpus and all other rights that a criminal or a law of war prisoner would have. So if we brought them to the U.S., it would not be a problem. 
one, we have an alternative to Guantanamo. It is not like there is no option. There are now, I believe, 122 inmates— I forget the exact number—who have been cleared for transfer back to another country. But it is somewhere roughly half of that amount, we would be looking at between 50 and 60 inmates that would need to be transferred to the U.S. And we have the facilities here. As I said, we already house some of the most dangerous terrorists we have ever arrested and convicted. We have the facilities. We have the ability to hold them safely here. So there is an alternative. 
The current situation in Guantanamo Bay has a number of negatives. The high cost, as I have mentioned several times, almost $3 million an inmate; and then the international eyesore that Guantanamo Bay is—not just to the terrorists. I don’t care about them. I don’t care what they say, how they feel about us holding people at Guantanamo. But to our allies in Europe, to people in the Arab world who want to help us defeat the scourge of Islamic extremism, this is an international eyesore that we should close, and we should make the transfers as soon as we possibly can. This amendment makes that possible. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). 
express one retired Navy SEAL commander’s opposition to closing the 
and releasing or transferring terrorists who have committed to killing American citizens jeopardizes both the safety and security of the United States and our citizens abroad. 
If the success or failure of the mission at GTMO is based on the number of attacks against the United States after 9/11, I am confident everyone in this room would join me in judging the mission has been successful. Intelligence collection and national security have been strengthened as a result of GTMO, and America remains a safer place thanks to the men and women serving there. 
military prison and away from American families is the way it should be 
am happy to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ). 
last year’s debate should force us to be more careful with detainee decisions, not less careful. The rise of ISIL, the alarming release of the Taliban Five, and the war in Yemen are just a few events that remind us of the urgency of this debate, and it is an urgent debate. Potentially most troubling is the growing threat of AQAP, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. Enabled by the complete power vacuum in Yemen, 
AQAP was formed by GTMO detainees, the group arguably most capable and most committed to attacking the United States homeland. 
commonsense detainee policy that protects Americans. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ and oppose this amendment. 
Chairman, I have only one more speaker, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
am happy to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ). 
In March of 2014, the Director of National Intelligence reported that 29 percent of detainees released from Guantanamo Bay have engaged in or were suspected of resuming their roles as terrorists. Those who remain in Guantanamo are the ‘‘worst of the worst.’’ So it is safe to presume that, if released, an even higher percentage of them will remain a threat to our national security. 
would close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, only to finance the incarceration of enemy combatants within the United States. 
combatants unfortunately will not go away anytime soon, so, unquestionably, we need a facility like Guantanamo. As we engage an enemy with no respect for borders, we must not move them to our maximum security prisons while the courts determine how we should legally proceed. 
yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ), the 
rise in opposition to this amendment. Why? There are many reasons. But the predominant reason is because it allows the following people to come to America’s shore or possibly be released. Here are a few people who are in Guantanamo Bay that the sponsor of this amendment wants to bring here: Sixteen detainees associated with 
Osama bin Laden or other top al Qaeda leaders; eight detainees who have received explosives training; four detainees closely associated with al Qaeda recruiters; two detainees knowledgeable about poisons; others involved in a plot against a U.S. Embassy; volunteered to be a suicide bomber; commander of an al Qaeda training camp; agreed to commit to jihad if let out; and a terrorist financier. Also, KSM, the architect of the 9/11 attacks, KSM’s third in command; another senior al Qaeda operative who trained and selected the 9/11 hijackers; the mastermind of the USS Cole attack; on and on. 
to America is foolish, and it makes no sense. We already have a secure facility that is working, is constitutional, and is keeping Americans safe. We need to keep GTMO open. 
I oppose this amendment. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I yield myself 15 seconds to say that the only flaw in that statement is the part about them being released in the U.S. That is not going to happen. And yes, if that were the plan, I would be absolutely opposed to it; but again, there are over 300 very dangerous terrorists held in the U.S. right now, today. We have proven we can do it here. We are not going to bring them here and release them. That is not what I am arguing for. 
may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
and it sounds as if we have forgotten everything we ever learned about American justice and American liberty. 
people released from Guantanamo have returned to terror. Well, that simply says that the Bush administration did a lousy job in deciding who should be released because, since then, it has been a tiny percentage. Yes, a large percentage of those the Bush administration released became recidivists. 
Guantanamo should be held there forever. That is the argument. The amendment we just considered a moment ago would make it even harder, make it impossible, to release anyone from Guantanamo. The opposition to this amendment is for the same purpose. 
of the worst. Who says? Some of them have never been charged with any crime, have never been charged with any terrorism, have been judged safe to release, and have been told, have been labeled by our military as not being terrorists, not being threats to the United States, and yet we continue to hold them indefinitely. Why? And by what right? KSM is a great menace; indeed, he is. 
He should be brought to the United States and placed on trial in a Federal court. He has been waiting for trial for almost 14 years now because we can’t get our military tribunals to work, put him on trial in an article III Federal court, and sentence him to life imprisonment without parole, as others have been. Nobody escapes from our supermax prisons, but justice ought to be done. It ought to be meted out. 
We are told that people will be released here. We are not demanding that everyone be released or even that anyone in particular be released, certainly not into the United States. We are saying that the normal processes of justice should go forward. We are saying that the fact that someone lived in Afghanistan and that some other tribe had a grudge against his family and turned him in for a bounty, even though he had nothing to do with terrorism or anything else, we ought to know that. And when we know that, that person ought to be releasable because we know that about some people. 
statute that says nobody ought to ever be released; we ought to hold people indefinitely for life for no crime and no reason. That is against American justice, and it poses a threat that the President under the authority of the 2012 law can hold Americans in Guantanamo indefinitely, and we should close it to prevent that, too. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
says we have to leave Guantanamo open forever or necessarily keep these folks, the detainees, there forever. Under the laws of war, detainees may be kept for the duration of the war. And it is absolutely true, we don’t know how long this war is going to go. It is also true that if the President came up with a plan that could get the confidence of the American people first about what he would do with the Guantanamo detainees, then there may be something to talk about. 
would strike the provisions of the bill which prevent them from coming to the U.S., would prevent them from being released to war zones, would prevent construction of new facilities. And make no mistake, new facilities would have to be built because they couldn’t be commingled with inmates who are here in the U.S. And it strikes the facility for foreign transfers, but it does that first, and then says, oh, by the way, Mr. President, give us a plan within so much time. 
how about we see whether that plan stands up to the light of day? 
plan to take these folks to New York City and have a trial there, but there was an uproar. There was a plan to 
in Illinois, but there was an uproar. None of that has gained the support of this Congress under either party, and therefore, I think this amendment should be defeated. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL  
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–112. 
At the end of subtitle E of title X, add the 
‘‘counterdrug and counterterrorism activities’’ and inserting ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, and border security activities’’; and 
drug and counterterrorism activities’’ and inserting ‘‘counterdrug, counterterrorism, or border security activities’’. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
his leadership and hard work on this important legislation. 
security. It is an integral part of our national security, and as we draw down our military presence in Afghanistan, equipment used successfully in combat can be used to enhance border security at home and, in the process, save taxpayer dollars. 
forward operating bases in Iraq and Afghanistan are now providing situational awareness in the Rio Grande Valley of Texas. Their use has helped agents apprehend dangerous aliens and interdict drugs that are en route to our 
continue to acquire advanced DOD excess equipment by modifying current law, last updated in 1996, before the creation of the Department of Homeland Security, to provide preference for ‘‘border security activities.’’ 
the Department of Homeland Security on equal footing with the Department of Justice and the Office of National Drug Control Policy. With this small change, DHS’ border security components can readily tap into DOD’s excess equipment on a preferential basis. 
and Border Protection has missed out on thousands of articles of DOD excess gear because the equipment is often distributed on a firstcome firstserved basis. With the higher priorities, CBP will have a better opportunity to evaluate the cost effectiveness of a system before acquiring it. My amendment simply brings the law up to date and gives DHS the ability to apply military technology for the border security mission. 
like to address what this amendment does not do. It does not supply local police forces with equipment recently used in a war zone. It does not militarize our local law enforcement officials. In fact, if that is a concern, you should support my amendment, which will put more military excess in the hands of DHS. 
Finally, Mr. Chairman, it is important to note to my friends on the other side of the aisle that the administration actually supports the idea posed behind this amendment. The arguments in opposition, I believe, do not withstand scrutiny, and with that, Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
for my colleague from Texas for his leadership and service as the chair of the Homeland Security Committee and had the pleasure of serving with him on that committee in the last Congress. But I rise to oppose this amendment today because it is unnecessary. 
First of all, it is redundant. The Department of Defense already has the authority and ability to distribute excess military equipment to the Department of Homeland Security and the Border Patrol. 
Secondly, it is not needed on the border right now. I will give you some examples. The city that I have the honor of representing, El Paso, Texas, the largest city on the U.S.Mexico border in Texas, is the safest city today in the United States, and it was also the safest city in the United States at the time when Ciudad Juarez across the river was the most dangerous city in 
Today, we have record low apprehensions on our southern border. We are spending record amounts—$18 billion a year—to secure it. We have doubled the size of the Border Patrol from 10,000 to 20,000 in the last 10 years, and we have hundreds of miles of walls. 
We have also heard from the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security, the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, and the Director of the FBI that there is not now, nor has there ever been, a credible terrorist threat on our southern border. So we do not need mineresistant ambushprotected vehicles. We do not need grenade launchers. We do not need armed drones. 
militarize the border, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
due respect to my colleague, Customs and Border Protection have asked for this authority. They have a very different point of view, I would say, than you do, sir, from where you stand. 
Mr. Chairman, I understand the opposition to this amendment is based on a misconception that it expands eligibility for surplus military equipment to include border security. Customs and Border Protection is already authorized to receive this equipment. It would just elevate their priority to where Justice Department is in allowing them to receive the equipment that they need. 
I was a sheriff in a 1033 program that 
provided equipment as it would exactly to Customs and Border Protection. It does not—it does not—provide armed drones. Everything that they receive is demilitarized in regard to the fact they aren’t receiving tanks, no military equipment that fires a rocket, or given rockets. That is a misconception that others have tried to move forward. 
Mr. Chairman, border security activities are the front lines of counternarcotics and counterterrorism before those threats hit American airspace, American waters, and American soil, and I support this amendment. 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
again, the Congress is confronted with a Republican effort to militarize our borders by funneling billions of dollars of military equipment to local law enforcement anywhere in the country for border security activities. The 1033 program transfers billions of dollars of military equipment to law enforcement agencies without any congressional oversight or community input. 
This amendment adds a border security activities priority to the program 
weaponry to law enforcement for this poorly defined priority. Passage of this amendment means that any law enforcement agency anywhere in the country can get an MRAP or an M–16 straight from the battlefield in Iraq if they simply tell the DOD they need it for border security activities, regardless of whether the agency is 10 miles or thousands of miles from the border with Mexico or Canada. 
means that campus police at local school districts and colleges can get the same MRAP or M–16 straight from the battlefield in Iraq if they tell the DOD they need it for border security activities. 
Last year, Republicans tried to include this language in the fiscal year ’15 NDAA. Congress wisely chose to reject it. Earlier this year, Republicans tried to pass this language by burying it in their failed border security bill, but, fortunately, the Congress wisely chose to reject the idea once again. But here we are once again confronted with this absurd reality and this effort to give local police this equipment. 
the remainder of my time to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). 
in support of this amendment. It is a commonsense amendment that passed the House last year with bipartisan support because it simply provides the Department of Homeland Security with increased resources, and it saves the taxpayers money. This amendment makes a small change to current law. 
property owned by the Department of Defense, DHS and U.S. Customs and Border Protection have benefited greatly from DOD equipment in years past. For instance, Vehicle and Dismount Exploitation Radar, or VADER, is providing better situational awareness on my border in Tucson, the Tucson sector, and allows Border Patrol to be smart about deploying their resources. 
Afghanistan was transferred to CBP. When deployed, VADER will allow operators to track ground movement with great detail and make this information available to ground commanders in real time, often in tough terrain, allowing them to be more efficient with their resources. The sensors are capable of detecting even subtle human movement along the ground and increase their aerial surveillance, enforcement, and security to prevent potential threats from transnational criminal organizations illegally entering the United States. These organizations are trafficking drugs, money, people, and weapons through the border and into our communities. 
detected over 33,000 people moving across the southwest border. Since 2006 this versatile platform has been credited with interdicting and disrupting 
over 6 tons of cocaine and 250,000 pounds of marijuana. CBP has also benefited from aerostats and helicopters which allowed CBP to have greater visibility of this illicit activity on the border. 
amendment. It is one page. It just allows them to work together. It is not about militarizing our border. It is about being a good steward of our taxpayer resources so we can keep our borders secure. 
Mr. MCCAUL. I yield back the balance of my time. 
when it comes to the border, for many in politics, there is no greater boogeyman. The fact is that the border has more resources committed to it today than ever before, 21,000 Border Patrol agents, more than double what we had in 2004. 
border with Mexico or with Canada. This amendment would not only allow resources to go south and affect States like Texas and communities in Texas, Arizona, New Mexico, and California, but would also allow these military objects to go into New York and Washington State along our northern border. 
Department of Homeland Security has asked for these resources or indicated that they are either shortstaffed or undermanned when it comes to the resources that they need to deal with the border situation. 
does a disservice to the men and women who live along our U.S.Mexico border and also the border with Canada. 
has had some troubling issues with respect to our local law enforcement, it is a bad idea to extend this program to DHS. 
this amendment have highlighted, the Border Patrol and the Department of Homeland Security already have access to and already received from the Department of Defense. As I said earlier, this amendment is redundant because that authority and that ability already exists. 
What it does do is create further anxiety and fear about the border at a time that is not warranted because of the record levels that we are spending on homeland security and the record levels of security that we have, the record low apprehensions that we see, and the relevant safety of the U.S. side of the U.S.Mexico border relative to the rest of the country. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER  
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–112. 
this subsection may be submitted in classified or unclassified form. 
this section shall be construed as authorizing the Federal Government to negotiate 
with a state sponsor of terrorism or an organization that the Secretary of State has designated as a foreign terrorist organization pursuant to section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189). 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ) and a 
a problem right now, and the problem is this: you have radical Islamic terrorists in places where there is no U.S. law enforcement presence capturing and detaining and holding hostage American citizens, not American military personnel, but American citizens. 
as exacerbated as it has been since 9/11. You have the FBI. The FBI has always had purview and has had jurisdiction over hostage cases, but the problem is in Iraq, there is no FBI; in Syria, there is no FBI; in Afghanistan, there is no FBI. In war zones, you don’t have the FBI. 
Defense and different intelligence agencies are ones that track the networks, know the networks, know who the bad guys are, know where the hostages may be, and then in case that we actually get good intelligence, the Department of Defense and our intelligence communities, those are the people that would act on the intelligence, not the FBI. 
the Capitol, the FBI would take care of it; if there is a hostage situation in San Diego or New York, the FBI would take care of it—again, not if it is ISIS, not if it is al Qaeda, and not if it is in Somalia, Yemen, Iraq, Syria, or other war zone type country. What my amendment does is make 
sure that there is now a joint interagency coordinator under the President who works directly with the President and anybody else that they need to. 
American citizens—that have been killed by radical Islamic terrorists. We haven’t freed one of them. Not a single American citizen has made it home alive, except for the trade that we did with the five terrorists from GTMO for Private Bergdahl. That is the only one. The rest have died. 
the House and the Senate, the President is required to appoint an existing Federal officer to coordinate rescue efforts for Americans held by hostile groups such as ISIS or al Qaeda. 
It also allows for Congress to be informed. If you have a member from your district who is one of these hostages, you get quarterly reports from the FBI from this fusion cell on what is happening with your hostage. 
It also requires reporting to the different committees in Congress that have oversight over this what is going on with the hostages because, right now, people don’t really know. Those of us here in this room, we don’t really know, unless we reach out and contact them and ask for a special meeting. It shouldn’t be the case. 
this body: over the next 25 years, radical Islam is not going away. You are going to have more Americans taken hostage. We need to make sure that we at least have somebody where the buck stops, and this creates a person where the buck stops, finally, who can answer our questions from this body and can answer questions from the families and everybody else. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as he may consume to Mr. DELANEY from Maryland. 
to start by thanking the chairman and the ranking member for supporting this amendment, and I want to thank my colleague from California for giving me the opportunity to work with him on this amendment. 
about the subject matter of this amendment is because one of my constituents, Warren Weinstein, was recently killed by a U.S. drone strike while he was being held in an al Qaeda compound along the border in Pakistan. Obviously, we weren’t aware that he was held there. 
3 years ago while he was doing work in Pakistan on behalf of USAID. He was 73 years old. He spent his whole life in service to his country working for 
USAID on foreign aid matters. He was a wonderful man and has a wonderful family. 
worked very closely with his wife and his family in helping them try to influence our government to find Warren. The one thing I realized across the last several years working on these matters is that, even though we have incredibly dedicated men and women who work at the FBI, who work at the CIA, who work at the State Department, who work on hostage recovery matters, as my colleague from California has pointed out, these efforts are not nearly as well coordinated as they should be. 
who wakes up every day with the mission of finding American hostages that are held in the Middle East. 
This amendment does this. By appointing and creating a hostage recovery coordinator, we will have that single person on point who will be able to take all of the resources of the U.S. Government—our technological resources, our intelligence resources, our 
military resources, and the resources of this Congress—and do a better job in identifying Americans that are held hostage overseas by terrorists. 
do. Again, I saw firsthand in my experience working with Warren’s family and working with very dedicated people in our government that the bureaucracy is getting in the way. The people are dedicated, but they don’t have the ability to cut through the bureaucracy and grab whatever resources exist in the government. 
What this bill does is empower a person, an individual, who can do that, who can grab whatever assets are needed in the U.S. Government to help find hostages who are held overseas, which is why I support the amendment. 
pointed out, they will also do a very important function, which is to communicate and coordinate with the families, the families who are suffering like Warren’s family has for over 3 years with the uncertainty and a lack of information about where he is. 
and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
from California for his leadership in this area and for giving me an opportunity to work with him on behalf of my constituent, Warren. 
family shouldn’t have to go through what they go through. Hopefully, this makes it better. 
done, it takes people within the Department of Defense, within the system, who actually know what needs to get done. Lieutenant Colonel Jason Amerine has worked in my office now for about 2 years on this amendment, and he is someone who really cares. 
with about every government agency that there is. I just want to say he played a big role in getting this to where it is at now. 
I would urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Chairman, I 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUNTER ). 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 31, 33, 34, 40, 43, 47, 48, 49, and 50 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS OF  
At the end of subtitle E of title X (page 474, 
availability of appropriations to carry out this section, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, may make a grant under the Program, on a competitive basis, to an eligible airport to assist a project— 
airports may receive a grant under the Program for a fiscal year. 
eligible airport that receives a grant under the Program may not exceed $2,500,000. 
under the Program, an eligible airport shall submit to the Secretary of Defense an application at such time, in such form, and containing such information as the Secretary, in coordination with the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration, determines is appropriate. An application shall include, at a minimum, a description of— 
airport, including how the project will assist both civil aircraft and military aircraft; and 
of Defense and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall jointly— 
the cost of a project assisted with a grant under the Program may not exceed 70 percent. Prioritization shall be given to projects with the lowest Federal share. 
Federal share of the cost of a project assisted with a grant under the Program, 50 percent of that Federal share shall be paid by the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration and 50 percent shall be paid by the Secretary of Defense. 
‘‘aviation infrastructure’’ means any activity defined under the term ‘‘airport development’’ in section 47102 of title 49, United States Code. 
Operations’’ and inserting ‘‘under the Syria Train and Equip Fund’’; and 
States Armed Forces have been established to meet the objectives of the strategy and such Armed Forces, including support and enablers, have been or will be deployed to meet the objectives of the strategy; and 
‘‘(ii) a required amount of support, including support provided by United States Armed Forces and enablers, has been or will be provided by the United States to the elements 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a comprehensive strategy for Syria and Iraq. 
and strategy for addressing the Assad regime in Syria and the postAssad regime in Syria. 
roles and responsibilities and interagency coordination under the strategy. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
Page 575, line 7, strike ‘‘and’’ at the end. 
Page 575, line 10, strike the period and insert a semicolon. 
particularly advanced air defenses, encourages bad behavior by Iran and poses a high risk of destabilizing the region and should be opposed; and 
be lifted or loosened as a part of any nuclear agreement and additional sanctions should be considered against Iran due to Iran’s continued state sponsorship of terrorism, its development and proliferation of ballistic missile technology, its continued biological and chemical weapons programs, and the egregious violation of the human rights of the Iranian people. 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . TURNER OF  
At the end of subtitle E of title XII (page 
AND COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
taking actions that are inconsistent with the INF Treaty; and 
otherwise transferred the ClubK land attack cruise missile system to any foreign country or foreign person during fiscal year 2015. 
the national security interest of the United States and a description of the national security interest covered by the waiver; and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(ii) information sharing, policy consultations, security dialogues or other forms of consultative discussions; 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their IntermediateRange and ShorterRange Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ROGERS OF  
At the of subtitle F of title XII (page 604, 
and the Republic of Korea has served as an anchor for stability, security, and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula, in the AsiaPacific region, and around the world; 
Korea continue to strengthen and adapt the comprehensive strategic alliance of bilateral, regional, and global scope to serve as a linchpin of peace and stability in the Asia Pacific region, recognizing the shared values of democracy, human rights, free and open market, and the rule of law, as reaffirmed in the May 2013 ‘‘Joint Declaration in Commemoration of the 60th Anniversary of the Alliance between the Republic of Korea and the United States of America’’; 
Korea continue to broaden and deepen the scope and level of alliance cooperation by strengthening the combined defense posture on the Korean Peninsula, enhancing mutual security based on the Republic of Korea United States Mutual Defense Treaty, and promoting cooperation for regional and global security in the 21st century, recognizing the significance of 2015 as it marks the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II; 
Korea share deep concerns that North Korea’s nuclear and ballistic missiles programs and its repeated provocations pose grave threats to peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and Northeast Asia and recognize that both nations are determined to achieve the peaceful denuclearization of North Korea, and remain fully committed to continuing close cooperation on the full range of issues related to North Korea; 
a Korean Peninsula free of nuclear weapons, free from the fear of war, and peacefully reunited on the basis of democratic and free market principles, as articulated in President Park’s Dresden address; and 
Korea share the future interests of both nations in securing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula and in Northeast Asia. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MS . ROS 
At the appropriate place in title XII of the 
deploy assets, personnel, and resources to United States Southern Command, in coordination with the Joint Interagency Task 
Force South, to combat the following by supplying sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities: 
the presence and influence of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), Hezbollah, or any other foreign terrorist organization in the Western Hemisphere. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
States shall submit to Congress a report on how funds authorized to be appropriated for overseas contingency operations were ultimately used. 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER OF  
AMENDMENT NO . 40 OFFERED BY MR . SHERMAN  
Page 851, strike line 3 and all that follows 
through page 852, line 9, and insert the following new subsections: 
and the Chief of Naval Operations jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of the risks of diversion, and the likely consequences of such diversion, of the technology and material covered by such authorization; 
of diversion of such technology to a military program that would degrade the technical advantage of the United States; and 
quinquennially thereafter, the Chief of Naval Operations shall determine the critical civil nuclear technologies of the United States that should be protected from diversion to a military program of a covered foreign country, including with respect to naval propulsion and weapons. The Chief shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of each such determination. 
on which the Director of National Intelligence determines that there is evidence to believe that critical civil nuclear technology of the United States has been diverted to a foreign country not covered by an authorization made pursuant to subsection b., including an agreement for cooperation made pursuant to section 123, the Director shall notify the appropriate congressional committees of such determination. 
the appropriate congressional committees that each covered foreign country is in compliance with its obligations under any authorization made pursuant to subsection b., including an agreement for cooperation made pursuant to section 123. 
of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 43 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
this section, the Secretary of Defense may seek information from the directorates of the Louis Stokes Alliances for Minority Participation program (LSAMP) and Historically Black Colleges and Universities Undergraduate Program (HBCUUP) of the National Science Foundation; the American Association for the Advancement of Science; the Emerging Researchers National Conference in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics; the University of Florida Institute for AfricanAmerican Mentoring in Computing Sciences (iAAMCS); the Hispanic Association of Colleges and Universities; the National Indian Education Association; and such other institutions, organizations, or associations as the Secretary deems useful. 
AMENDMENT NO . 47 OFFERED BY MR . AGUILAR OF  
Not later than 90 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on— 
ethnic minority groups, women, and disabled individuals who have participated in the graduate fellowship program under section 2191 of title 10, United States Code, over the tenyear period preceding the date of the report; 
AMENDMENT NO . 48 OFFERED BY MS . CLARK OF  
At the end of subtitle C of title II (page 58, 
scientific and technical workforce is a matter of national security concern. 
science, technology, engineering, and mathematics education programs facilitates the training of a future scientific and technical workforce that will contribute significantly to Department of Defense research, development, test, and evaluation functions, and the readiness of the future force. 
Congress that the Department of Defense should explore using existing authorities for promoting science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs, such as section 233 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113291), to allow Federally Funded Research and Development Centers to help facilitate and shape a high quality scientific and technical future workforce that can support Department of 
AMENDMENT NO . 49 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY OF  
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D— 
set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amounts authorized to be appropriated in section 101 for aircraft procurement, Navy, for spares and repair parts, line 063, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4101, is hereby reduced by $75,000,000. 
AMENDMENT NO . 50 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS OF  
Congress a report on the merger of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Operational Energy Plans and the Office of the Deputy Under Secretary of Defense for Installations and Environment under section 901 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3462. Such report shall include— 
personnel whose responsibilities are focused on energy matters specifically. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) each will control 10 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, in this en bloc package, which I encourage all Members on both sides of the aisle to adopt, there are 14 total amendments. Six of those amendments are from my Democratic colleagues; eight are from my Republican colleagues. 
that are in these amendments, as Members on both sides of the aisle make contributions to the bill, and I hope that Members on both sides of the 
if this en bloc package is adopted—that when it comes to final passage of the bill, they will support final passage of the bill so that their work can come to fruition. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman is recognized for 10 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. 
couple of occasions, has made reference to the fact that, if you have things in the bill, it doesn’t make any sense to vote against it because then you are basically nullifying your own work. 
about how never before has a party asked for a ‘‘no’’ vote on this National Defense Authorization Act. He is actually wrong about that. 
Party asked for a ‘‘no’’ vote on the National Defense Authorization Act. In fact, 160 Republicans in one year voted ‘‘no’’—that was virtually all of them— and 131 voted ‘‘no’’ in another year. 
oppose the NDAA because it supports our troops after having opposed it in 2010 and in 2011 is very, very inconsistent. 
one of them was hate crimes was included, and I think the other one was that repeal of Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell was included. I would also venture to guess that, as a very senior member of the Armed Services Committee at the time, Mr. THORNBERRY had stuff in 
both of those bills. He can correct me if I am wrong about that, but I would be stunned if he hadn’t worked on those bills and had amendments in them; yet he voted ‘‘no’’ on both occasions. 
I hope for the rest of this debate we 
can at least dispense with that argument, that notion that, number one, no party has ever asked to oppose the defense bill when, in fact, the Republicans did it when they didn’t like the substance. 
Let me say and be clear on that. I 
completely respect that. That is the choice we, as legislators, have to make. You have to decide whether or not, on balance, a bill is worth voting for or voting against; but this notion that, somehow, you can never vote against the NDAA rings unbelievably hollow from people who have voted against the NDAA. 
in the bill that you support, it doesn’t make any sense to vote against it, rings every little bit as hollow when at least the Members who were here in 2009 and 2010 on the Republican side of the aisle, virtually all of them did exactly that. b1815 
saying is there is something about this bill that we don’t like that regrettably—and I say this with all sincerity—trumps the things about the bill that we do like. The thing about the bill that we don’t like is it uses the overseas contingency operations fund to bust the budget caps. 
One, as Secretary of Defense Ash Carter has made clear, that is a terrible way to budget within the Pentagon, and he has said he opposes it because of the restrictions that it places on them and because of the difficulties that it places on the Department of Defense. 
you are keeping the budget caps and that the OCO money somehow doesn’t count because it is, I guess, free money; it is outside of the budget caps. 
of jail in this awkward way and keep everything else under the budget caps, we will never get rid of the budget caps. 
That is the reason, and it is, I think, 
a pretty legitimate reason. If the Republican budget holds, we will never be able to get rid of the budget caps. That is why we are opposed to it. It is a legitimate reason. You can disagree with it, but let’s stop with this whole, ‘‘Oh, if you have an amendment in it, you can’t oppose it, and you can’t oppose the NDAA because it supports our troops’’ when the very people who are making that argument and who had a reason did exactly that. You can argue about whether or not the reason was justified, but, certainly, it is not consistent to make the opposite argument now. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
added hate crimes to the conference report of the NDAA when it came back from the conference. It is absolutely true that, when that happened—an issue completely outside of the military—and went to conference, I and many others voted against it because we thought that was a mistake. It is also true that many of us on this side of the aisle voted against the bill the next year, but that was because of what was in the bill. It was related to the Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell issue and how that was being handled. 
talked about earlier, which was where you balance what is in it and what is not and the good and the bad, and we all do that all the time. Absolutely right. 
this bill is being held hostage to fix something else. Mr. Chairman, I would like to fix ObamaCare, but I am not 
going to vote against the NDAA until that happens. I would like to have a simpler Tax Code, but I am not going to vote against the NDAA until that happens. It is trying to use this and the good it does for our troops to put political pressure on Congress to agree with the President about changes in the Budget Control Act. It is different here. 
people get amendments in the bill and then they vote against the bill and the bill goes down, what happens to those amendments? They are dead. I am not arguing it morally; I am arguing it practically. That is what happens to any bill that goes down. The content of the bill is defeated, and I just don’t think that makes much sense. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security. 
week, I led a congressional delegation to the Middle East to investigate the flow of foreign fighters in and out of Syria and Iraq. While in Baghdad, I met with senior U.S. officials and leaders in the Iraqi Government, including the Prime Minister of Iraq. 
the lessons of the Maliki years in Iraq are not being learned as Sunnis and Kurds in Iraq continue to be on the sidelines. Sectarian divisions are being inflamed by the rise of Shia militants in Sunni communities. That is the proxy arm of Iran. The Kurds, meanwhile, are not getting access to the weapons they need from the central government quickly enough to fight ISIS. We need to empower the Peshmerga and the moderate Sunni tribes. 
only counter ISIS, but to hold the Iraqi Government accountable to the major constituencies in the country—Shias, Sunnis, and Kurds. Specifically, section 1223 of the bill before us ties assistance to the Iraqi Government to progress in key areas, such as the central government’s addressing grievances of ethnic and sectarian minorities; increasing political inclusiveness; reducing support for ISIS; and ensuring that U.S.supplied equipment and weaponry is making it to the security forces in Iraq, who need it the most to defeat ISIS. 
go a long way in addressing the ISIS threat to the region and to the homeland. 
Chairman, I yield myself 15 seconds just to say that the OCO spending, which is the problem, is in the bill. We are not just opposing this because of stuff that isn’t in the bill. The OCO workaround that busts the budget caps without busting the budget caps is in the bill. It is a substantive part of it. 
Mr. SHERMAN. I thank the chairman and the ranking member for including my amendment in this en bloc. 
from the Armed Services Committee, seeks to deal with a significant issue that has come to light regarding some commercial nuclear transfers. 
technology to be diverted by recipient countries with naval programs is a serious concern that needs to be addressed. Section 3119 begins that process. My amendment is designed to improve it. 
press and in a Senate Foreign Relations Committee hearing on the renewal of the China 123 agreement that China would divert U.S. nuclear technology to its naval program, particularly with regard to the propulsion of naval vessels. 
process by which we would license technology under a 123 agreement. It would also provide that Congress should be notified whenever there is substantial evidence that the 123 agreement, a nuclear cooperation agreement, has been violated, as, perhaps, when nuclear technology is diverted for military purposes, including the propulsion of naval vessels. 
China has not yet taken the steps it needs to take to prevent proliferation. My amendment adds a requirement that, when we are going to license the transfer of nuclear technology to Beijing, we can do that only if there is a certification that China is taking the steps necessary to prevent proliferation to Iran and other problem countries. 
I look forward to our using our nuclear cooperation with China on civilian matters to prod them into a nonproliferation policy that makes sense for the safety of the world. 
for working closely with my staff in crafting this amendment, and I thank the ranking member and chair for including this in the en bloc. 
am happy to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), 
a member of the Armed Services Committee and the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for his leadership on this bill. 
amendment, amendment No. 26. This amendment would add two important components to the underlying language on Iran contained in the bill. 
about the negative consequences of the Russians’ selling the S–300 antiaircraft system to Iran. This will only encourage Iran’s bad behavior. 
it clear that no terrorismrelated sanctions should be lifted as part of a nuclear deal with Iran. We should not turn a blind eye to Iran’s continued 
In a later en bloc, I will have amendment No. 101, prohibiting military exchanges with Iran. President Obama, unfortunately, treats our adversaries, many times, better than our friends. That is wrong and dangerous. My amendment will prevent the administration from forcing our military to be too friendly with the Iranian regime. 
Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
the gentleman very much for yielding to me, and let me thank the chairman of the full committee. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise to support Jackson Lee amendment No. 64, and I am very pleased to have the support of the ranking member and the chairman. This amendment is supported by Mr. BUTTERFIELD , who is the chair of the 
Congressional Black Caucus, along with Ms. ADAMS and Ms. B ARBARA LEE. 
It focuses on Historically Black Colleges—it is something that I have offered on a number of occasions—and their ability to expand their capacity in science, technology, engineering, and math. It includes Hispanicserving institutions, Native American colleges, and the National Science Foundation Directorates. It focuses these entities on building their capacities by collaborating with the Department of Defense. 
We know that the Department of Defense has a myriad of opportunities for research and development, i.e., some of the research that has been done on triple negative breast cancer, which is an amendment that I offered in the last DOD. Certainly, it is well renowned that the Internet had its early beginnings with the Department of Defense, and many other powerful research finds and successes have come from that. 
is now included in the en bloc, and I thank both the chairman and the ranking member as it now opens the doors for these institutions of higher learning to collaborate with their professors and their students academically to do research or to collaborate where necessary and build capacity on science, technology, engineering, and math. 
my amendment. I believe it enhances the educational opportunities of young people, and it moves forward the R&D, which is so vital to this country, by expanding the opportunities to unique institutions which serve a very special population and which have educated these young people from the 1800s. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS 
chairman for including my amendment en bloc. Mr. Chairman, the amendment is 
very simple. It authorizes the Secretary of Defense to deploy assets, personnel, and resources to SOUTHCOM and to the Joint Interagency Task Force South in order to take on threats with sufficient intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities. 
of financial resources through the illicit drug trade and in their cooperation with drug cartels in our region, and we are dangerously illequipped to tackle these threats. It is in our vital national security interests to bolster our efforts to counter the nexus between drug traffickers and terror groups. To do so, we need to give SOUTHCOM the resources it needs to get the job done. 
paid to the Western Hemisphere, and with our limited resources and intelligence capabilities, our visibility and assessment of the threats in our hemisphere are dangerously inadequate. 
national security as terrorist organizations like Hezbollah and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are increasingly operating in our hemisphere; and we all know that Iran, Russia, and China are expanding their influences here in order to undermine our regional interests. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
Mr. Chairman, diversifying our military’s fuel supply is a national security imperative given the serious new threats we face as a country. More than 3,000 men and women in uniform have been killed or wounded since September 11, 2001, in attacks on our military’s fuel convoys. 
that improve efficiency so that they depend less on traditional sources of fuel is a lifesaving strategy. We need a strong, smart, forwardlooking military force that provides our warfighters with the tools necessary to quickly and decisively confront the dynamic new threats our country is facing. As our military adapts in order to fight these new threats, we will need to increase our technological superiority, and part of that will depend on creating, developing, and delivering new kinds of energy to troops in the field. 
this en bloc package—and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their work on that—asks the Department of Defense to report on its plan to merge two offices at the Pentagon that handle parts of the military’s energy strategy and sustainability efforts. 
need assurance that these Pentagon offices have enough staff and resources to complete the missions asked of them and that we are seeing the desired increase in efficiency. 
yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MURPHY ) for the purpose of a colloquy. 
Chairman, I want to thank the distinguished chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, Mr. THORNBERRY , 
for yielding. I am also grateful to Ranking Member SMITH for the opportunity to discuss the issue of mental health treatment for our military servicemembers. 
health of our servicemembers. For those who have borne the battle, we share a commitment to come to their aid, whether their wounds are a visible amputation or the invisible problems of posttraumatic stress disorder. 
The statistics, as you know, are sobering: 22 vets die by suicide each day, and more than 600,000 vets are diagnosed with posttraumatic stress disorder. Delivering proper treatment for mental health is really a matter of life and death. We can provide these warriors with treatment and medications they need, or we can continue to provide their families with folded flags and our condolences to their widows. 
But it is not enough to just provide a 
few limited medications, because people react differently to medication. Some medications can work well with one person or result in adverse side effects to another with the same diagnosis. Side effects may include drugto drug interactions, allergic reactions, excessive sedation, and weight gain, with increased risk of diabetes. That is why doctors must be able to choose the medication that fits for the soldier. But when DOD or the VA limits the choices, that puts soldiers at risk. The servicemember may stop taking the medication, withdraw from treatment, and may deteriorate. We should not add to their risk. 
ranking member to work with me to ensure that the full array of FDAapproved medications are accessible for our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who need these lifesaving drugs. They fought for our country overseas; they should not have to fight the Department of Defense and the VA over here. 
Chairman THORNBERRY , I seek a commitment that we do not allow accountants to choose which medications are available for the psychiatric conditions of our servicemen and women. Let the physician working with the servicemember or veteran make those decisions. 
Mr. THORNBERRY. I thank the gentleman for yielding, for I have tremendous respect for his opinion and for his service that bears directly on these issues. I share the gentleman’s commitment to do everything we can to improve suicide rates, to have better 
care for those who serve, and I absolutely commit to work with the gentleman to get the best possible outcomes for those who serve. I know that is what the gentleman works for in all his capacities, and it is what the committee wants to work for, too. 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
hoping that all Members support the bill on final passage, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Chair, I have serious concerns with the amendment offered by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. Stivers). 
of Defense (DOD) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to create a new grant program, the Asset Military Partnership Pilot Program, to fund air traffic control towers and airport infrastructure at airports that support DOD missions. 
DOD have a shared interest in keeping our national airspace safe and secure, it is unclear how this new program achieves these goals. To my knowledge, neither the FAA nor DOD has requested that Congress authorize this new program. Moreover, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure is in the midst of developing a bill to reauthorize the FAA and its programs. Neither the gentleman from Ohio nor anyone else has put forward the need for this program. Instead, it is added on the Floor as an amendment with a possible 10 minutes of debate. In fact, the amendment is likely to be adopted without any debate. That is not how we should be legislating in this body. 
that this amendment is simply an attempt to fund specific airport projects at Rickenbacker International Airport, a civilmilitary public airport near Columbus, Ohio. 
I do not object to the FAA offering grants to 
assist an airport in improving infrastructure or repairing or replacing an air traffic control tower. In fact, a process for this already exists. The Airport Improvement Program (AIP) has a grant setaside of approximately $15 million a year under the Military Airport Program (MAP) for the conversion of military airfields to civil or jointuse airports. Over the past 30 years, Rickenbacker Airport has received more than $62 million of AIP and MAP funds for airport related projects. 
in the AIP and MAP programs, this amendment creates a new program with the same objectives as existing programs but its own pot of money. It authorizes grants of up to $2.5 million for three airports, which must meet very specific criteria. It requires the FAA and DOD to each contribute onehalf of the funds. The purpose appears simply to create an additional source of funding for a particular airport. 
other body, I am hopeful that the Committees on Armed Services will take a hard look at whether creating this new program is in the Nation’s best interests and how it relates to the existing AIP and MAP programs. Mr. Chair, without a better explanation, I do 
not see why Congress would create another airport program. 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–112 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 15 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 60, noes 363, not voting 9, as follows: 
Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clay Cohen Conyers DeFazio DeGette DeSaulnier Doggett Ellison Eshoo Farr Foster Grayson Grijalva Hahn 
Massie Matsui McDermott McNerney Meng Nadler Napolitano Nolan Pallone Payne Pocan Polis Price (NC) 
Quigley Rohrabacher Rush Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schrader Serrano Sherman Sires Speier Swalwell (CA) Thompson (CA) Titus Vela´zquez 
Barton Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Cicilline Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) 
Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Esty Farenthold Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan 
Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Levin Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Rangel Ratcliffe Reed 
Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scalise Schiff Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Takai Takano Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
OLSON, VAN HOLLEN, PERRY, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ, and Mr. MEEKS changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Messrs. PRICE of North Carolina, LIPINSKI, POCAN, Ms. HAHN, and Mr. LOWENTHAL changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . BROOKS OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BROOKS ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 221, noes 202, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) 
Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee 
Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell 
Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond 
RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) 
Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MRS . WALORSKI  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 243, noes 180, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) 
Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna 
Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry 
Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) 
Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 174, noes 249, not voting 9, as follows: 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sherman 
Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton 
Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland 
Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
(By unanimous consent, Mr. M CCARTHYwas allowed to speak out of order.) 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Members are advised that we will continue debating amendments to the NDAA after this vote series and will complete consideration of the bill tomorrow. 
they should be prepared to vote as early as 9:30 a.m. tomorrow. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . MCCAUL  
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, 2minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. The unfinished 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 253, noes 166, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney 
Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen 
Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Keating Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love 
Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon 
Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings 
Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Labrador Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. REED) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
POEof Texas, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H. R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HARDY ) at 7 o’clock and 
by Ms. Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, bills of the House of the following titles: 
Revenue Code of 1986 to permanently extend and expand the charitable deduction for contributions of food inventory. H.R. 1295. An act to amend the Internal 
Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 1356. An act to clarify that certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014 will not take effect until after the Director of the Office of Personnel Management promulgates and makes effective regulations relating to such provisions. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 260 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1735. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, with Mr. REED (Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–112 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) had been disposed of. 
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 114–112. 
At the end of subtitle B of title XII, add 
killed approximately 3,000 people, most of whom were Americans, but also included hundreds of individuals with foreign citizenships, nearly 350 New York Fire Department personnel, and about 50 law enforcement officers. 
largely planned and carried out by the al Qaeda terrorist network led by Osama bin 
Laden and his deputy Ayman al Zawahiri, after which Osama bin Laden enjoyed safe haven in Pakistan from where he continued to plot deadly attacks against the United States and the world. 
$30 billion between 2002 and 2014 in United States taxpayer money for security and economic aid to Pakistan. 
swiftly responded to the 2005 Kashmir Earthquake in Pakistan with more than $200 million in emergency aid and the support of several United States military aircraft, approximately 1,000 United States military personnel, including medical specialists, thousands of tents, blankets, water containers and a variety of other emergency equipment. 
swiftly contributed approximately $150 million in emergency aid to Pakistan following the 2010 Pakistan flood, in addition to the service of nearly twenty United States military helicopters, their flight crews, and other resources to assist the Pakistan Army’s relief efforts. 
tirelessly to support Pakistan’s economic development, including millions of dollars allocated towards the development of Pakistan’s energy infrastructure, health services and education system. 
international community had failed for nearly 10 years following attacks of September 11, 2001, to locate and bring Osama bin Laden, who continued to kill innocent civilians in the Middle East, Asia, Europe, Africa and the United States, to justice without the help of Dr. Afridi. 
the Government of Pakistan, a deplorable and unconscionable situation which calls into question Pakistan’s actual commitment to countering terrorism and undermines the notion that Pakistan is a true ally in the struggle against terrorism. 
Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) and 
I rise in support of my amendment to H.R. 1735, a sense of the Congress that Dr. Afridi, a hero of freedom and decency, is imprisoned and that Pakistan 
Last year, this very same amendment was adopted by the House but stripped during the HouseSenate conference negotiations process. Yes, a short note of acknowledging this amendment was included in the fiscal year ’15 NDAA Joint Explanatory Statement, but that amendment itself was nevertheless stripped. I intend to request a recorded vote to demonstrate solid bipartisan support for Dr. Afridi so that future conferees will take this language more seriously and include it in the final fiscal year ’16 NDAA. 
statement in support of this American and international hero against terrorism. We need to support Dr. Afridi. If we abandon this friend, we put ourselves at great risk because he put himself at great risk for us. No amount of aircraft carriers will make us secure if we abandon our friends who stand with us. 
doctor who helped pinpoint the location for Osama bin Laden, the terrorist coward who masterminded the massacre of 3,000 Americans on 9/11. 
United States, Dr. Afridi was tried and imprisoned by Pakistan’s corrupt and oppressive government. That should be considered a hostile act by Pakistan against the people of the United States. Worse, after years of effort on the part of the United States to free him, Dr. Afridi continues to languish in a Pakistan dungeon. Yes, it is shameful we have abandoned such an heroic friend. All the while, of course, we continue to provide weapons and cash to his captors. Since 9/11 we have given Pakistan over $25 billion, the majority of which goes to the military and security services which they use to murder and oppress their own people, people like the heroic Baloch people or the Sindhis, who are struggling for their freedom under Pakistan oppression. 
that our aid is buying Pakistan’s cooperation in the war on terror or anything else. So long as Dr. Afridi remains left to suffer this brutal imprisonment, no Pakistani promise of cooperation means anything if they cannot get themselves to release such an heroic person who never should have been arrested and who risked his life for us. How can we believe they are not supporting or even arming or supplying the world’s worst and most bloodthirsty terrorists? Pakistan has taken us for fools, and shame on us for being so stupid for financing a regime that so blatantly despises us. 
remind the Government of Pakistan and our own government that we have not forgotten Dr. Afridi nor his courageous actions, and it will remind other brave allies of freedom as well as intelligence assets throughout the world that the United States will not forget them if they risk their lives for us. We 
will not turn our back and leave them to suffer a terrible fate because they were loyal to us. 
to join me in that statement, and Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Rhode Island is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no speakers, so at this time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of us as we try to decide how much money we are going to be spending on the military, let’s remind ourselves that we can arm ourselves to the teeth, we can make sure that we have rockets, aircraft carriers, and new airplanes, but if the people around the world cannot trust us, if people put themselves in an alliance with the United States, if we lose those people who can be intelligence assets, who will fight battles against terrorists like up in Erbil, which is going on right now, we have no chance at peace. 
just voted against that added aircraft carrier because what we need to do is to make sure that we are enlisting the people around the world to carry their part of the load. The American people can’t do this alone. But I will tell you, if we abandon our friends like this, if we abandon Dr. Afridi, we are putting ourselves at risk for it. 
get a statement in legislation last year supporting this heroic man who risked his life to finger Osama bin Laden, the murderer, the man who slaughtered 3,000 Americans. 
join me in this noble endeavor to send a message to Dr. Afridi, and send a message to our adversaries, the brutal terrorists around the world, that we will stand with those free people who are willing to stand with us and not forget them. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . LAMBORN  
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 114–112. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I have 
At the end of subtitle E of title XII, add 
taking actions that are inconsistent with the INF Treaty; 
with the CFE Treaty and has lifted its suspension of Russian observance of its treaty obligations; and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
means the Treaty on Conventional Armed Forces in Europe, signed at Paris November 19, 1990, and entered into force July 17, 1992. 
means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their IntermediateRange and ShorterRange Missiles, commonly referred to as the Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed on April 8, 2010, and entered into force on February 5, 2011 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and a 
very simple. We should not implement a treaty—the New START treaty in this case—unless we believe the other party to the treaty is trustworthy and will uphold their end of the bargain. 
then you should vote for this amendment, and let me explain why. 
Right now, I don’t believe the Russians are trustworthy. We know that they are already violating three major agreements: the INF Treaty, the CFE Treaty, and the Budapest Memorandum. Mr. Putin also continues to deny that Russian forces are engaged in combat in Ukraine. 
treaties, let me expand on the details of these three treaties. First, in 1994, Russia, Ukraine, the United Kingdom, and the United States signed the Budapest Memorandum. This agreement included a commitment to ‘‘respect’’— and I have got a copy right here—‘‘respect the independence and sovereignty and the existing borders of Ukraine’’ and a commitment to ‘‘refrain from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of Ukraine.’’ 
Clearly, the recent invasions of Crimea and eastern Ukraine show that the Russian Federation is in violation of the Budapest Memorandum. 
Second, in 1987, Reagan and Gorbachev signed the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces Treaty, or INF Treaty. Last year, the State Department released its annual compliance report which states—and I have a copy of it right here—‘‘the United States has determined that the Russian Federation is in violation of its obligations under the INF Treaty.’’ 
Third, in 2007 President Putin announced that he was suspending Russian participation in the Conventional Forces in Europe Treaty, or the CFE Treaty. This came after years of Russian violations of that treaty. Today, as we speak, the Russian military continues to occupy Ukrainian territory. 
cannot be disputed. My amendment would prevent the continued reduction of our nuclear weapons as required by the New START treaty unless the President can certify to Congress that the Russian Federation is no longer occupying Ukrainian territory and also certifies that the Russian Federation is abiding by their obligations under these three treaties. 
So if you think that the Russian Federation might not be trustworthy, then please support this amendment. We should not unilaterally disarm and blindly assume that the Russians will do their part. If the President can certify that the Russians are doing their part on these treaties, then the funding to implement the New START treaty will be released. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I stand second to no 
one in my dislike of Vladimir Putin. I think most everyone in this body hates Vladimir Putin. We despise his territorial aggression visavis Ukraine, but this is not the right way to get back at Putin and Russia. The gentleman is a very senior and distinguished member of the committee. He is my friend. I don’t recall the gentleman offering this amendment in the Armed Services Committee markup. Did the gentleman offer this amendment? 
Mr. COOPER. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. No. Mr. COOPER. May I ask why? Mr. LAMBORN. If the gentleman will 
continue to yield, I thought that it was better timing to do it in this particular venue because we had other things going on in committee. 
hours in committee. We considered hundreds of amendments. But the gentleman did not offer our committee, the Armed Services Committee, the opportunity to discuss this amendment. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, reclaiming my time, I would call this amendment by my friend from Colorado the boomerang amendment because it does not hit the intended target. Instead, it comes back and hits us. 
as proposed, would amount to a unilateral U.S. treaty violation. This would effectively blind the United States when it comes to looking at things like the number of Russian nuclear weapons on deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles, the number of deployed submarinelaunched ballistic missiles, counting nuclear weapons onboard or attached to deployed heavy bombers, and confirming weapons systems conversions. These are the things that the New START treaty allows us to do with Russia. We need the continued ability to look at those Russian weapons systems. By cutting off funding for these essential national security activities, the gentleman has hit the wrong target here. That is why this is the boomerang amendment. 
out that Russia is despicable in so many ways. They probably violated the INF Treaty, the CFE Treaty, and the Budapest Treaty. But the gentleman is using the New START treaty to get back at those violations. He has picked the wrong target. So I have the highest regard for the gentleman, but he proposed this last year, and it was dropped in conference. Instead, it was substituted. We had an inquiry to the Pentagon to get their opinion on this, and they wrote us back, and they said that the New START treaty facilitates conditions to make the United States more secure, and its continued implementation remains in the national security interests of the Nation. The Pentagon went on to say that 
the New START treaty sustains effective deterrence and increases stability in the U.S.Russian nuclear relationship at significantly lower levels of strategic delivery systems and warheads. Finally, the report said that the New START treaty provides the United States a vital window into the Russian strategic nuclear arsenal. 
The gentleman had a chance in the committee to offer this. The gentleman offered this last year, and this is the response of the Secretary of Defense, who is strongly against the gentleman’s amendment; the Joint Chiefs of Staff are strongly against the gentleman’s amendment. And I would suggest that, Mr. Chairman, this amendment is not in the national security interests of the United States. For the gentleman to propose a unilateral treaty violation, a solemn obligation of this country, is a serious undertaking, and we need more than 10 minutes to debate such a serious breach. 
This is a treaty, after all, only entered into in 2010, but it was entered into by a solid vote of the United States Senate, 71–26. I know many of us here wish that we were Senators, but we are not. The Senate entered into that treaty solemnly. This would be a grave mistake for this body to accept the gentleman’s amendment. 
So, Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to oppose the Lamborn amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield myself 15 seconds to say it is not the right time to continue to unilaterally disarm under the terms that we would be facing in the face of these violations. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from Alabama, Representative M IKE ROGERS , 
the distinguished chairman of the Subcommittee on Strategic Forces. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank the distinguished vice chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee for this amendment and for yielding time. 
Mr. Chairman, the New START treaty is the only bilateral arms control treaty I am aware of that only requires one party to reduce its nuclear weapons, and that is the United States, while the other party, Russia, increases its stockpile. 
today. If this truly is fully implemented by the United States prior to the 2018 deadline, we will see Russia cheating on the treaty immediately thereafter. Mark my words, unless there is a U.S. President in office at the time Putin respects, he will cheat on this treaty as soon as he gets a chance. 
agreements they make. They have no respect for international law or sovereignty. They respect one thing and one thing alone: strength. 
due respect to my distinguished friends and colleagues, this should have been offered in committee where Members are more conversant with these issues. 
This is not the right way to get back 
at Putin and Russia, for the United States to commit a unilateral treaty breach. The gentleman has not even alleged that the Russians have violated the New START treaty. This is one treaty that they actually seem to be adhering to. Now, we may question the wisdom of that treaty, but the Senate voted to confirm it, to ratify the treaty. It would be a grave mistake for this lower body to challenge that judgment. 
United States to counting the number of Russian nuclear weapons? Why defund those activities? Don’t we want to know how many ICBMs are in their silos, how many nuclear armed submarines they have? Why don’t we want to know what is really going on in Russia? 
proposing this as an appropriate way to get back at Putin. We need more insight into what the Russians are doing, not less. This is a boomerang amendment; it attacks the wrong target. In fact, it comes back and hits us. 
I would urge the defeat of the Lamborn amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would just conclude by saying that we are being taken for suckers if we are expected to keep up one end of a bargain and we are dealing with a country that, in so many cases, is not keeping their end of the bargain. That is why this amendment is proposed, not to get back at them, but to protect ourselves. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. COOPER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 114–112. 
The text of the amendment is as follows: Strike section 1407 and insert the following: 
sections at the beginning of chapter 131 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2218a. 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 201 for Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Navy, Advanced Component Development and Prototypes, Advanced Nuclear Power Systems (Line 045) is hereby increased by $419,300,000. 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 201 for Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4201, for Navy, Advanced Component Development and Prototypes, Ohio Replacement (Line 050) is hereby increased by $971,393,000. 
amounts set forth in the funding tables in division D, the amount authorized to be appropriated in section 4501 for the National Sea Based Deterrence Fund, as specified in the corresponding funding table in section 4501, for National SeaBased Deterrence Fund is hereby reduced by $1,390,693,000. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) and a 
this amendment is simple. It would move the funding authority for the Navy’s next submarine—the Ohio class replacement—out of the socalled national seabased deterrence fund and put it back where it belongs, in the Navy’s shipbuilding budget. 
funding for this project. It is a vote, however, for sound budget process because the seabased deterrence fund is no different than using any other sleight of hand oversea contingency operations, some sort of slush fund, to get around the cost caps for other programs. 
This fund was created in the last defense authorization because the Navy could not afford to simultaneously build back up a 300plus surface fleet and procure the 12 Ohio class replacement nuclear submarines. 
fund is that it doesn’t solve how we pay for all of this. It simply would shift that burden onto the Pentagon in some magic way. 
That is why the appropriators refused to put money into the account after it was authorized. It doesn’t take an accountant to understand, if you buy the same amount of goods but charge them on two different credit cards, your debt will be the same amount. This fund will only lead to increased 
costs for the program and decrease transparency stability for manufacturers. The increased costs come from untethering the program from the Navy’s shipbuilding budget, thereby reducing scrutiny and discipline, the tradeoffs that we expect. 
Shipbuilders will face increased uncertainty because no one has yet answered the question about where that funding will come from, setting them up for dramatic cuts once reality catches up with the budgetary gimmick. 
I ask my colleagues if this is, in fact, 
a national priority, then make the case to amend the restrictions. Find the room to pay for the program through the traditional means. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
Committee and especially the Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee is probably the most bipartisan committees in Congress. We work very, very carefully to make sure that we are defending and protecting the United States of America. 
opposition to this amendment. If you are against nuclear deterrence, you should vote for this amendment; but, if you are for it, you should vote against this amendment because this seabased deterrence fund begins us down the path to fund the Ohio class replacement. 
Mr. Chairman, I would just like to remind this body that these 12 submarines will carry 70 percent of the nuclear capacity of our deterrence for the United States of America. To not have this deterrence fund would be absolutely irresponsible. It is something we have worked for, and, while it is true it is not the complete solution, it puts us on the road to that solution. That is why I hope we will reject this amendment. 
the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ), ranking member on the 
Seapower and Projection Forces Subcommittee, who has worked very, very hard for this fund and done great work on it. 
again, I thank the chairman who, it is true, over the last 3 years, we have worked together, as well as our predecessors going back to Gene Taylor and Roscoe Bartlett, who started this discussion about the challenge of funding the Ohio replacement program. 
Obama signed the New START treaty on April 8, 2010, after ratification by the U.S. Senate, one thing became crystal clear: the U.S. Navy’s nuclear 
the implementation of a nuclear arsenal in the postNew START era will rest even more heavily on ballistic submarines—in fact, twothirds of the triad in the postNew START era will be seabased, and that is why every strategic review going back to Secretary Gates has identified construction of the Ohio replacement program as one of the top—if not the number one—defense priority of the country. 
be built. That is not in debate. The question for Congress is whether we will let this once in a multigenerational cost suffocate the rest of the Navy shipbuilding account. The Seapower report in the underlying bill provides a solution to this problem, which will provide help both for our fleet and the industrial base. 
The underlying bill activates the national seabased deterrence fund passed last year on a bipartisan, bicameral basis to fund the design and engineering work for the Ohio replacement program and is a responsible way to support construction of the Ohio replacement fleet. 
fund a gimmick and a shell game. It is not a gimmick, and there is a clear precedent for this. In fact, Congress has supported the construction of defense and Navy sealift ships through a similar fund called the national defense sealift fund, which was created in 1993, and to this day pays for construction of new oilers, troop transport ships, supply ships, and the like outside of the Navy shipbuilding account. We have done it before to protect recurring upgrades to our fleet, and we should do it again. 
Vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment to protect our shipbuilding fleet and account and also to protect America’s shipbuilding industrial base. 
minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), my friend. 
Blumenauer amendment and echo the comments of the chairman and the ranking member. 
fund is crucial to the future of our national security. It provides space outside the shipbuilding fund for the most survivable piece of our national deterrence, a bill that last came due in the eighties and the Reagan defense buildup. 
This is not just a Navy issue. As Secretary of Defense Carter has said, ‘‘This is a national priority.’’ 
treat it accordingly and avoid pressuring the Navy out of badly needed investment in other ships and capabilities. Unless Congress acts, these boats 
will consume half of the projected shipbuilding funding for a decade, causing crippling shortages that would echo in our fleet for decades thereafter. 
these problems ahead, and last year, this body took a bipartisan, bicameral step, modeled on existing funding mechanisms to help. 
This amendment does nothing to address the fundamental challenges at stake and simply moves us backward in policy as time marches on. 
I urge this amendment’s defeat. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire as to the amount of time remaining? 
from Oregon has 3 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. 
this is by no stretch of the imagination a vote on whether or not one believes in nuclear deterrence. 
The United States has in its possession now and will continue to have far more nuclear firepower than is necessary to deter anybody in the world. We have not only the submarinebased weapons, we have 450 landbased missiles, and we have the bomber fleet. 
by studies at the Pentagon that we can effectively reduce the amount of nuclear armaments we have by a third or more without jeopardizing our deterrence, our ability to destroy any country in the world many times over. 
what we have and where we are going? An amendment that I had, which was not ruled in order, I am sad to say, would have requested a CBO study for what our costs are over the course of the next 25 years. 
pattern of spending $1 trillion or more over the course of these 30 years. That is big money, no matter how you cut it. 
out our military. We have got problems in terms of compensation and benefit. We have a military that has been strained, stretched, and damaged by the illadvised adventure in Iraq. 
Now, we are embarking upon, without doing the tough decisionmaking about setting priorities, we are launching down a road here that would allow us to bypass the budgetary process and make appropriate tradeoffs, whether it is within the Department of Defense overall, but I would argue that it ought to be within the Navy budget. 
forward. The money involved would go into submarine construction, but it would inject a little bit of discipline here. 
money is going to come from for the project and their account, this sleight 
of hand, doesn’t make it easier to finance, but it makes it harder to track, and it eliminates the discipline, as I say, by forcing the Navy and then the Pentagon to be able to deal with it openly, honestly, and know where we are at. There is no reason to go down this path. 
debate on the floor of the House about how much deterrence is enough. Are the Pentagon experts right that we can reduce it? Or do we need to go down a path spending $1 trillion over the course of the next 30 years? 
The truth is we are going to have to 
face some very difficult budgetary decisions. This proposal doesn’t help us do that. It helps us to evade it. 
I urge adoption of the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. 
sponsor of this amendment would suggest that we need to pick priorities. This is not just a priority—it is the national strategic priority. If you ask the CNO of the Navy, he would tell you that this is his top priority. 
how much more could we be than to lay out this fund now and to begin to fund it now instead of waiting until midnight when we need it and say, ‘‘We need $95 billion’’? 
if you are against nuclear deterrence, then vote for this amendment and take away the capacity that we have for ships that will carry 70 percent of our nuclear deterrence. If you believe, as a bipartisan group of people in the Armed Services believes, that this fund is valuable, that this fund is important, and that these votes are vital to the national security of this country, we should reject this amendment. I hope we will vote ‘‘no’’ on it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. FORBES. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MRS . LUMMIS  
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Add at the end of subtitle D of title XVI 
intercontinental ballistic missiles are a unique feature of the groundbased leg of the United States nuclear triad; 
critical to providing robust nuclear deterrence and assurance; and 
and alert levels of United States intercontinental ballistic missiles would be contrary to longstanding United States policy, and deeply harmful to national security and strategic stability in a crisis. 
House Resolution 260, the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ) and a 
Today, I rise in support of the LummisZinkeCramerSmith amendment: to prohibit the unilateral decrease of the alert status of our Nation’s ICBM force. 
fundamental belief that a nuclear attack on the United States would cause us to retaliate. Reducing the alert status would change the time needed to retaliate from as few as 30 minutes to 3 days. This makes it much easier for an enemy to strike first, wiping out the U.S. nuclear force before it can retaliate. For this reason, Mr. Chairman, I urge the adoption of the amendment. 
I now yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE), my 
colleague and a member of the Armed Services Committee. 
strong support of this amendment that prohibits reducing the alert posture of the ICBM forces. 
The United States has not faced a more diverse and complex array of crises since the end of the Second World War. 
On top of the threats that Dr. Kissinger was referring to, we have seen since: the framework of a nuclear agreement with Iran that may give a legal pathway to a nuclear weapon; Russia has announced it will lift its ban and sell advanced missile systems to Iran; and just this past week, there 
were reports that North Korea has tested a submarinelaunched ballistic missile. 
gamble with our safety and with the security of the United States. I support this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
1 minute to the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). He lives in the 
Mr. CRAMER. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding, and I thank my colleagues who have helped cosponsor this important amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I think that the author of the amendment did a great job in discerning between 3 days and 30 minutes, as 30 minutes is hardly what some have called a ‘‘hair trigger.’’ Clearly, we want to be at a strategic advantage, and we would be at a tremendous strategic disadvantage should we have to take 3 days. Anybody who has been to one of these bases, as many of us have—anybody who has been in the bunkers and has seen the control system—knows that the protocols that are in place are anything but a hair trigger. We can be confident that we have the ability to respond quickly but not the ability to respond too quickly. 
their attention to the ICBM force, I think their attention is in the wrong place. First of all, the amendment is unnecessary, and no one is even proposing reducing alert levels at this time. 
My concern here is that investigations, DOD reviews, and press articles over the past few years have revealed that we have had significant problems in the ICBM force, including the nearly 100 officers involved in cheating on tests, the possession of narcotics, security violations, pervasive morale issues, an instance of an ICBM officer who was later found to have been a gang member, a twostar general in charge of all U.S. ICBM who was stripped of his command for going on a drinking binge during an official visit to Russia, an ICBM wing at Minot Air Force Base failing a safety and security test, and reported narcotics by which launch control officers violated security regulations designed to protect the ICBM firing keys. 
rising to the level of congressional attention, but instead of focusing on those very real issues affecting national defense, we are spending time on parochial concerns, quite frankly. 
said in my opening, to reduce alert levels, and there are no FY16 funding requests to do so. This is a solution, quite frankly, in search of a problem and is a dangerous example of micromanaging in the area of our national defense in which very small actions, considered rationally and in isolation, reduce the strategic flexibility of the Commander in Chief. In no other area is the possibility for cataclysmic error so real. Let’s not make deterrence harder. 
Mrs. LUMMIS. Mr. Chairman, in recognition of the fact that the concern here is the unilateral decrease of the alert status, I now yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ), the chair of the 
the gentlewoman for her amendment, and I urge its passage. 
Subcommittee, I understand the responsiveness of our ICBMs as their most critical feature and their most significant contribution to our nuclear triad. The U.S. has had ICBMs on alert since the early 1960s. This amendment ensures that there is no change to the longstanding, bipartisan U.S. defense posture that ICBMs are kept on high alert levels. 
who want to disarm the United States have been calling on the U.S. to de alert ICBMs. We should continue to pay no attention to these tired, repetitive voices who long for the nuclear freeze days of the cold war when they were relevant. Instead, Admiral Haney, the current commander of U.S. Strategic Command, said just last week he ‘‘fundamentally disagrees’’ with these calls to dealert U.S. ICBMs. 
administration follows its own stated policy. In an April 2015 hearing before my subcommittee, the DOD witnesses told us that the administration explicitly examined and rejected dealerting our ICBMs. 
amendment are even further to the left on nuclear weapons than our global zero President. This is not just a missile state issue—this is a profound national security issue. Dealerting our ICBMs is a terrible idea. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on my colleague’s amendment. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). 
the gentleman from Rhode Island for setting the context here. 
Mr. Chairman, we ought to be concerned about what is going on. My understanding is that they found out about the widespread cheating among the missileers because they were investigating the drug abuse. 
There are things that ought to concern us, not something that to this point is, as they just testified, a proposal on behalf of the administration, 
any action to reduce responsiveness is contrary to longstanding policy and is deeply harmful to national security and strategic stability in a crisis. There may well come a time when we are able to make some changes that would remove a little bit of the hair trigger. I don’t think that is something that we should prejudge. 
these missiles, they ought to make sure that they are managed in an effective fashion, that we take care of the longstanding abuses, and that we deal with the point that I made a moment ago: when we are launching on a $1 trillion program over the next three decades, we ought to find out how much we need and how we are going to pay for it. 
just close by saying, as I said in the beginning, that this amendment is a solution in search of a problem, and I would say it is not necessary at this time. No one is proposing reducing the alert levels at this time, and I would ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS). 
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 37, 39, 42, 44, 45, 46, 51, 53, 54, 55, 56, 57, 59, 63, 64, and 66 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY : 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . HARDY OF  
At the end of title XXVIII, add the following new section: 
The expansion or establishment of a national monument by the President under the authority of chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code (commonly known as the Antiquities Act of 1906; 54 U.S.C. 320301 et seq.), after the date of the enactment of this Act on land located beneath or associated with a Military Operations Area (MOA) shall not be construed to prohibit or constrain any activities on or above the land conducted by the Department of Defense or other Federal agencies for national security purposes, including training and readiness activities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ZINKE OF  
Galt Great Falls Armed Forces Readiness Center in Great Falls, Montana, shall hereafter be known and designated as the ‘‘Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 42 OFFERED BY MR . COSTELLO  
At the end of subtitle B of title I, add the 
complex and evolving threat environment that requires advanced and effective technology to protect our soldiers while allowing them to effectively carry out their mission; 
kits program provides the Army with improved and necessary ballistic protection for the heavy tactical vehicle fleet; 
provides the Army with greater logistical tractability and offers soldiers the necessary flexibility to tailor armor levels based on threat levels and mission requirements; and 
secure Army, it is necessary to provide the appropriate funding levels to meet its tactical wheeled vehicle protection kits acquisition objectives. 
AMENDMENT NO . 44 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
AREA SURVEILLANCE SYSTEMS FOR ARMY TACTICAL UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS. 
a significant force multiplier for intelligence gathering and dismounted infantry operations; 
sensors are too heavy to be incorporated into tactical unmanned aerial systems; and 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the findings of a market survey and flight assessment of commercialoff theshelf widearea surveillance sensors suitable for insertion into Army tactical unmanned aerial systems. 
subsystems currently utilized on Army tactical unmanned aerial systems; 
tactical unmanned aerial systems due to the insertion of commercialofftheshelf wide area surveillance sensors; and 
‘‘Army tactical unmanned aerial systems’’ includes, at minimum, the MQ–1C Grey Eagle, the MQ–1 Predator, and the MQ–9 Reaper. 
AMENDMENT NO . 45 OFFERED BY MR . HUNTER OF  
January 29, 2016, the Secretary of Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the baseline and alternatives to the Navy’s Tactical Air Combat Training System (TCTS) Increment II. 
new start TCTS II program as compared to an incremental upgrade to the existing TCTS system. 
procure, and replace the existing Department of the Navy TCTS architecture with an encrypted TCTS II compared to upgrades to existing TCTS. 
Force and the Department of the Navy investment in livevirtualconstructive advanced air combat training and planned timeline for inclusion into TCTS II architecture. 
to achieve TCTS II interoperability within the Department of Defense. 
interoperable TCTS systems within the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Air Force. 
of the Navy and Secretary of the Air Force determine is appropriate to include. 
AMENDMENT NO . 46 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
At the end of subtitle C of title II, add the 
shall promote, monitor, and evaluate programs for the communication and exchange of research, development, and technological data— 
combatant commands, and other organizations that are involved in developing for the Department of Defense the technological requirements for new items for use by combat forces; 
other offices, agencies, and bureaus in the Department that are engaged in related technological matters; 
other departments or agencies of the Federal Government that are engaged in research, development, and technological matters; 
institution, and university entities engaged in research, development, and technological matters potentially relevant to defense on a voluntary basis; and 
full awareness of scientific and technological advancement and innovation wherever it may occur, whether funded by the Department of Defense, another element of the Federal Government, or other entities.’’; 
have broad latitude to choose research and development projects based on awareness of activities throughout the technology domain, including within the Federal Government, the Department of Defense, public and private research institutions and universities, and the global commercial marketplace;’’; and 
sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2364 and inserting the following: 
At the end of title III (page 77, after line 
INTERNET AND NETWORK CONNECTIONS FOR CERTAIN MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES DEPLOYED OVERSEAS. 
United States Code, the Secretary of Defense is encouraged to enter into contracts with thirdparty vendors in order to provide members of the Armed Forces who are deployed overseas at any United States military facility, at which wireless highspeed Internet and network connections are otherwise available, with access to such Internet and network connections without charge. AMENDMENT NO . 53 OFFERED BY MR . LOEBSACK  
AMENDMENT NO . 54 OFFERED BY MR . FLEMING  
At the end of title IV (page 83, after line 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report containing the following: 
Army force structure proposed for the futureyears defense program for fiscal years 2017 through 2021 to meet the goals of the national military strategy of the United States. 
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the proposed Army force structure and the ability of such force structure to meet the operational requirements of combatant commanders. 
AMENDMENT NO . 55 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
At the end of subtitle B of title V (page 96, 
electronic means by which members of the Ready Reserve of the Armed Forces can track their operational activeduty service 
AMENDMENT NO . 56 OFFERED BY MR . CROWLEY  
THE DIVERSITY OF THE MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
members of the Armed Forces come from numerous religious traditions, including Christian, Hindu, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, nondenominational, nonpracticing, and many more. 
the Armed Forces, and service members from different backgrounds and religious traditions share the same goal of defending the United States. 
the strength in diversity that makes the United States a great nation. 
AMENDMENT NO . 57 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO OF  
other programs conducted by the Department of Defense and Department of Veterans Affairs to provide unemployment and underemployment support to members of the reserve components and veterans. 
AMENDMENT NO . 59 OFFERED BY MR . ISRAEL OF  
2016, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing both civilian and military education requirements necessary to meet any threats anticipated in the future security environment as described in the quadrennial defense review. Such report shall include— 
required of future members of the Armed Forces and senior military leaders to meet such threats; 
military education programs that further the ability of the Department of Defense to meet such threats; 
the United States to strengthen its leadership role in the future security environment and a description of how the recommendations made in this report contribute to capitalizing on such opportunities. 
AMENDMENT NO . 63 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING OF  
At the end of title V, add the following new 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of each military department and the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating should— 
Installation Access Card to Gold Star family members who are the survivors of deceased members of the Armed Forces in order to expedite the ability of a Gold Star family member to gain unescorted access to military installations for the purpose of obtaining the onbase services and benefits for which the Gold Star family member is entitled or eligible; 
Installation Access Card issued to a Gold Star family member by one Armed Force is accepted for access to military installations 
that provide the services and benefits for which the Gold Star family member is entitled or eligible; and 
the Gold Star Installation Access Card does not adversely affect military installation security. 
AMENDMENT NO . 64 OFFERED BY MS . MENG OF  
the period the following: ‘‘and on the performance of any regional office that fails to meet its administrative goals’’; 
individual serving as director of the regional office as of the date of the submittal of the report containing— 
‘‘(ii) a description of the additional resources needed to enable the regional office to reach the goal; and 
‘‘(iii) a description of any additional actions planned for the subsequent year that are proposed to enable the regional office to meet the goal; and 
Secretary for Benefits explaining how the failure of the regional office to meet the goal affected the performance evaluation of the director of the regional office; and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 66 OFFERED BY MS . ADAMS OF  
of the Armed Forces struggle with posttraumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders from traumatic events experienced during combat. 
distress and trauma from life events can be exacerbated by traumatic events experienced during combat. 
struggle with posttraumatic stress and other behavioral health disorders are often unable to provide emotional support to spouses and children, causing emotional distress and the risk of behavioral health disorders among the dependents of the members. 
standards established by the medical community when developing standards for their own practice of family and individual counseling; and 
year study of the progress of members of the Armed Forces that are treated for mental health disorders, including with respect to— 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) each will control 10 minutes. 
Members will support, there are a total of 16 amendments. Nine of them have 
been sponsored by Republican Members of the House, and seven of them have been sponsored by Democratic Members of the House. They cover a variety of very important topics related to our country’s national defense. 
into writing and now adopting, hopefully, these amendments, I hope that all Members who sponsored these amendments will see their work to its logical conclusion, and that is in their adoption in a bill that passes the House, for it would seem fruitless to me to go through all of the work on these amendments and not have those amendments as part of a bill that passes. 
amendment was inspired by the Obama administration’s proposal to establish a national monument in the Basin and Range area of Nevada, directly under the airspace of the Nevada Test and Training Range. 
My amendment is not about disputing land ownership. My amendment is about protecting America’s national security, and that means ensuring that our military has guaranteed access to land located beneath—or associated with—military operations areas for essential training and readiness activities. These activities are often tied directly to flight operations and can include anything from tactical ground parties, SERE, pararescue training, ground instrumentation maintenance, and the list goes on and on. 
My amendment elevates national security above politics and legacy projects, and it gives our military the certainty it needs to adequately train and prepare for current and future conflicts. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS). 
attention to a provision that is included in this package that, besides being completely unnecessary, may have farreaching impacts on the management of our Nation’s public lands. Specifically, this package contains language that would allow the Department of Defense to utilize certain public lands designated as national monuments for whatever purpose it chooses. 
America’s story. Sixteen Presidents, both Democrats and Republicans, from Teddy Roosevelt to George Bush to President Obama, have utilized their authority under the Antiquities Act to designate land as national monuments. These designations have protected iconic parts of our Nation, such as Chimney Rock in Colorado, San Juan Islands in the Puget Sound, and the ancient flint quarries in the Texas Panhandle. In each and every case, careful 
other Federal agencies, including the Department of Defense, occurred. 
have an acute understanding of the importance of our armed services and the training necessary to support national security missions, but the language included in this package ignores the fact that today’s military operations continue at our national monuments. 
Peaks National Monument in New Mexico, which was created with clear exceptions for military overflight operations, or the Sonoran Desert National Monument in Arizona, designated by President Clinton, which abuts the Barry Goldwater Range and to this day continues to serve as an example of how our national security and conservation goals can coexist. 
Closer to home, the recently designated Tule Springs Fossil Beds National Monument north of Las Vegas was designed in coordination with the needs of neighboring Nellis and Creech Air Force bases. If this provision were to become law, it would essentially cede national monuments to the Department of Defense, dismissing the long history of the armed services working to conserve our sensitive lands while protecting the mission. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
DOD at the table to evaluate and inform the monument creation process on a casebycase basis, this provision would grant a virtual veto over any future designations. 
moves forward, I hope that we can remove unnecessary provisions such as this one that are really just solutions in search of a problem. 
yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE), a member of the 
today in support of my amendment, which will rename the Armed Forces Reserve Center in Great Falls, Montana, to the Captain John E. Moran and Captain William Wylie Galt Armed Forces Reserve Center. 
has a strong heritage of military service, with more veterans per capita than almost any other State in the Union. Captain Moran and Captain Galt are an inspiration to every Montanan, myself included. Both Captain Moran and Captain Galt received the Medal of Honor, 
one in the SpanishAmerican War and one in World War II. 
renaming the Armed Forces Reserve Center will provide a daily reminder to us all in Montana of the service and sacrifice Captain Moran and Captain Galt made to this country and Montana. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). Mr. KEATING. I thank the gentleman from Rhode Island for yielding me the time. 
Chamber have had the honor to meet and to get to know Gold Star families, those families who have lost loved ones in the service in defense of our country. Most of us on those occasions also told those families, if there is anything we can ever do to help you in any way going forward, please let us know. 
came to me on an issue that really was something that was quite difficult for them at times and bothersome, and that is the issue that the access they had while their loved ones were alive was no longer there for military installations. The military installations would often have memorials to those that served. They would have survivor workshops, and things that could help them. They would have military exercises and ceremonies that they would want to participate in that had greater meaning to them than perhaps any other group of people. 
many times, they had to relive the story by again explaining who they were and why they wanted to come. I investigated this and found that the Army had a pilot program that provided an access card for these institutions, these military institutions, and that that made the process so much easier for them. 
pilot program and demonstrates Congress’ support for expanding these programs beyond the pilot stage and to all services. I hope we can move forward and actually see the implementation of this occur. 
the ranking member for their support of this amendment en bloc, and I want to express, I think, the sentiment of our entire body to really be there in something that is a modest request, but an important one for our Gold Star families. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ). 
Chairman, the Army faces an increasingly complex threat environment and must be prepared to rapidly deploy soldiers with the most advanced and effective vehicle armor critical to the safety and mobility of our soldiers. 
The tactical wheeled vehicle protection kits program provides our men and women in uniform the adaptable armor protection that minimally impacts performance. The Army needs this proven program in order to improve ballistic protection for the tactical wheeled vehicle fleet. This program enables greater logistical flexibility and allows our soldiers to tailor armor levels based on the threat level and mission requirements. 
will allow the Army to greatly extend vehicle service life and reduce maintenance costs. It is important that Congress provide the necessary funding levels for the Army to meet their tactical wheeled vehicle protection kits acquisition objectives. I urge my colleagues to support my amendment. 
this time I have no speakers. I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. FARENTHOLD ). 
rise today to speak in favor of my amendment encouraging the Department of Defense to provide free WiFi access to our military members deployed overseas. 
Communications with family members back home is critical not only for the mental health and wellbeing of our servicemembers but also for their families who support them while they defend our great Nation. Our military members sacrifice time with their spouses and children and their loved ones they leave behind when they proudly serve our Nation. Giving them the ability to stay in touch with their family through Skype and FaceTime so they can watch those important moments, birthdays or children’s first steps, makes it easier for servicemembers to cope with the physical and emotional distance deployment brings. 
in helping our servicemembers persevere through tough times and manage through long deployments. Right now military members have to pay $60, sometimes $100 a month just to stay in touch with their families. I am encouraging the Department of Defense to strongly consider working internally and with thirdparty vendors to remove this burden from servicemembers and urge support of this entire en bloc amendment. 
have no additional speakers at this time. I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield myself the balance of my time just to say I hope that all 16 Members who have amendments in this en bloc package will support this package as well as the logical conclusion of their efforts, which would be to support final passage of this legislation. 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . LUCAS  
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Agreement’’ and ‘‘Candidate and Conservation Agreement With Assurances’’ have the meaning given those terms in— 
of the Interior and the Department of Commerce entitled ‘‘Announcement of Final Policy for Candidate Conservation Agreements with Assurances’’ (64 Fed. Reg. 32726 (June 17, 1999)); and 
Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act). 
Wide Plan’’ means the Lesser PrairieChicken RangeWide Conservation Plan of the Western Association of Fish and Wildlife Agencies, as endorsed by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service on October 23, 2013, and published for comment on January 29, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 4652). 
prior action by the Secretary, the lesser prairie chicken shall not be treated as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) before January 31, 2021. 
administered by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Land Management, and the Department of Agriculture; 
United States Fish and Wildlife Service entitled ‘‘Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Determination of Endangered Status for the American Burying Beetle’’ (54 Fed. Reg. 29652 (July 13, 1989)), the American burying beetle shall not be listed as a threatened or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ) and a 
will delist the lesser prairie chicken from the list of threatened species over a period of at least 5 years. This time will allow the five States in the prairie chicken’s range to implement their joint rangewide plan, which has been endorsed by the Fish and Wildlife Service. 
list the lesser prairie chicken. If in 5 years’ time the Department of Interior thinks this plan hasn’t worked, they can begin the process of relisting the chicken. I am confident, however, though, that the rangewide plan will be effective not only in maintaining but in increasing the population of the lesser prairie chicken. 
would delist the American burying beetle. Since being deemed endangered in the 1980s, the beetle’s population has skyrocketed well beyond the targets set in the Fish and Wildlife’s own recovery plan. 
entities that have to ensure their new development projects do not infringe on the habitats of these endangered species. Any military exercises that would take place on critical habitat also must meet those requirements before they can commence. It is highly inappropriate for such exercises critical to national defense readiness to be dependent on a bureaucratic process, especially given the large populations and Statelevel plans for these two species. There are numerous military bases in the lesser prairie chicken’s range and dozens more in the everlarger estimated range of the American burying beetle that are affected. This amendment would help many of our military bases to perform the critical functions that comprise our national readiness. I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
Ms. TSONGAS. This amendment attempts to add yet another completely unrelated Endangered Species Act rider to the underlying bill. Specifically, this amendment would prohibit the lesser prairie chicken and the American burying beetle from being listed as endangered species under the Endangered Species Act. The lesser prairie chicken was listed as threatened under the ESA in March 2014, and the American burying beetle was listed as endangered in 1989. 
amendment, it is clear that DOD lands are not the primary driver of this attack on the Endangered Species Act. If the sponsors really wanted to protect DOD activities and military readiness, they would have written the language as such. In fact, the amendment does not make a single reference to military readiness. 
believe this amendment is necessary. DOD has given no indication that the listings of these species has negatively impacted military readiness, for good reason. Since being listed, neither the lesser prairie chicken nor the burying beetle have had critical habitat designated on DOD lands. Just look at this map. There is virtually no overlap between our military installations, which are in red, and the lesser prairie chicken’s range. In fact, if you look, they are separated in most instances by hundreds of miles, with the green areas representing the current range of the species and the red areas our military installations. 
For the record, DOD also does not believe that the language already included in the bill regarding the greater sage grouse is necessary to protect military readiness, either. 
successful in preventing the extinction of species since its enactment 40 years ago. Congress should allow the Fish and Wildlife Service to make species listing decisions in accordance with the law and the best available science. Congress should not further delay these scientific decisions by micromanaging the process on a speciesbyspecies basis, especially in the context of the NDAA. 
The administration has already indicated they would strongly consider vetoing this bill, in part because of the nongermane provisions that would delay listing of the greater sage grouse for 10 years. Adoption of this amendment would add another provision to their list of objections. The Senate has already agreed that harmful Endangered Species Act riders do not belong in the NDAA, instead referring the matter to the Environment and Public Works Committee. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
to reject this misguided amendment and vote to protect the scientific integrity of the Endangered Species Act, as well as the integrity of the NDAA. 
minute to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. MULLIN ). 
Mr. MULLIN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate everybody’s concerns that may or may not live around the area, but the truth is, I do, and no one wants to protect the habitat more than I do. 
I have worked on this issue since arriving in Congress because I believe we must protect our job creators and ensure the military has the ability to prepare itself against threats at home and overseas. 
Matters of national defense and readiness should not be subject to the schedule of agency bureaucrats. It is inappropriate that military bases within the proximity of these two species must consider its habitat before developing new facilities or even planning training exercises. 
contain the lesser prairie chicken and the American burying beetle know how to best conserve the species, while protecting military preparedness, jobs, and land rights; and they have already taken steps to do so. 
I urge you to support this amendment and delist the lesser prairie chicken and the American burying beetle and support our military readiness. 
yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ). 
duties in Congress is dealing with emerging national security threats. We eliminated bin Laden. We are making process in weakening ISIL. 
other side of the aisle have alerted us to a new threat emerging deep in the heart of the Western United States, a sort of feathery sleeper cell that just can’t wait to disrupt our way of life. What is inspiring so much fear? It is 
think that the lesser prairie chicken was singlehandedly providing aid and comfort to the enemy, not just living on the prairie and doing the occasional little dance; but, as with its unfortunate relative, the greater sage grouse, my colleagues across the aisle are trying to use the NDAA to do a little dance of their own around the science of the Endangered Species Act. 
our citizens, threatened our allies, or disrupted our military operations. Listing the prairie chicken as endangered is a scientific decision not within the purview of Congress and will have absolutely no effect on Department of Defense operations. 
the prairie chicken is that it is really not a chicken, but a grouse. 
NDAA, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. LUCAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from the great State of Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), 
where they are working very diligently on a State level to repopulate the species. 
this amendment which would delist the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act. I have long opposed this listing for many reasons because the rules unnecessarily restrict and hamper defense operations on Federal land under the species’ habitat. 
tradition and a number of important installations, including Fort Riley. An enormous benefit to Fort Riley is its huge training areas which have no encroachment issues and are some of the largest and most cost effective in the Nation. 
Any similarly illadvised listing affecting Fort Riley would potentially complicate this vital training area, amounting to nothing more than an overreach of the Endangered Species Act because it would imperil the actions taken by our military and hamper our local economies which these installations complement. 
come at a cost to our national defense preparedness, and I urge my colleagues to pass this amendment. 
minute to the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ), from another one 
of those States working very diligently to increase the population of these species in a very scientific way. 
Contrary to what was said, New Mexico has Cannon Air Force Base, and the listing of the prairie chicken falls right in the bombing regions held by Cannon. 
alarmist, remember 1999 and 2000, when almost all of Camp Pendleton was shut completely down? The marines had to push their boats on the beach, but they couldn’t get out because of the endangered species. They, instead, flew their boats over to Utah, set up stakes where the water would have been, and offloaded them there. 
Endangered Species Act, we have to remember the past. Remember that it was the spotted owl that shut down 85 percent of the timber logging in this country, only to have the Fish and Wildlife Service say a couple of years ago: Oh, never mind. It wasn’t logging that was causing the spotted owl to go extinct. 
down 23,000 jobs in California because of a species. 
the balance of my time to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ), the 
chairman of the Natural Resources Committee and an individual who has 
whether one is talking about the sage grouse, which is yet to be listed, or the prairie chicken, which has been listed, it is true that each of those does have an impact on the readiness of our military. It does have an impact, and each branch of the military has actually said so. 
spending $1.5 million a year to manage 250 birds. That is the cost that goes to that, as well as to the readiness of this Nation. 
It would be nice—and one would presume—that each department would be talking to each other about the impacts of their decisions. As chairman of the Natural Resources Committee, I am going to say that did not happen. It should. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. LUCAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 41 OFFERED BY MR . NADLER  
DAVIS of Illinois). It is now in order to 
consider amendment No. 41 printed in House Report 114–112. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) and a 
would strike from the bill section 3121, which attempts to undermine our efforts to destroy unnecessary nuclear weapons that have already been retired and scheduled for dismantlement. 
minute addition to the NDAA that is both totally unnecessary and counterproductive to our longterm national security goals. Our Armed Forces and National Nuclear Security Administration, or NNSA, firmly oppose this provision to limit the dismantlement of surplus nuclear weapons. 
First, it caps at $50 million a program that is scheduled to cost about $50 million, thereby having no practical impact whatever. 
years the scheduled dismantlement of the W84 nuclear warhead. The W84 warhead was retired back in 2007, 8 years ago, and was recently retired again in favor of keeping the W80 for the long range standoff option. There is no reason to keep the W84 around longer than necessary. Storing and securing unneeded and retired nuclear weapons wastes a large amount of money in maintaining them. 
Third, there is a large queue of warheads waiting for dismantlement. There are approximately 2,500 retired nuclear warheads scheduled for dismantlement. Storing these warheads costs money. Why would we want to slow down the process of dismantlement of retired warheads? 
warheads, and 2,000 would suffice to destroy the entire world. Why waste money maintaining retired warheads beyond the 5,000 active warheads sufficient to destroy the world two and a half times over? 
dismantlement, this section of the bill sends the wrong message to the rest of the world about the value of nuclear weapons, and it undermines our efforts at nuclear nonproliferation. We have promised, as part of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty, to reduce our nuclear warheads eventually to zero. The other nuclear nations have made the same promise. On that basis, the nonnuclear nations have undertaken not to develop nuclear weapons. 
weapons, we are sending the wrong message of nonadherence to the nonproliferation treaty. 
of section 3121, this section of the bill is not about unilateral disarmament. All of these weapons have already been retired and are scheduled to be dismantled. 
This section, by delaying dismantlement by 5 years, would simply waste a large sum of taxpayers’ money, would not contribute at all to national security—because having retired weapons in the storage bin doesn’t help national security—and would send the wrong message on nonproliferation. It is a total waste of money for no useful purpose whatsoever. 
this amendment to strike section 3121. We must not needlessly restrict the Defense Department’s ability to determine the appropriate rate of warhead dismantlement of retired and surplus warheads. 
I urge the adoption of this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman is 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I strongly oppose this amendment because it strikes a section that helps us set priorities in defense spending. Dismantling U.S. nuclear weapons is not a priority. Getting nuclear modernization done is the priority. 
Kerry announced at the NPT review conference that the U.S. would accelerate its dismantlement of nuclear warheads by 20 percent. While Russia continues to make overt nuclear threats to the U.S. and our allies, we accelerate unilateral nuclear disarmament. This is insane. 
Let’s be clear about one point in particular. Section 3121 of the underlying bill does not contradict any U.S. treaty obligations. Current arms control treaties do not require the U.S. to dismantle any nuclear warheads. 
detailed its plan to focus the next 5 years of dismantlement work on warheads retired prior to 2009. Section 3121 provides them enough money to do so, and it does not restrict this work on pre2009 warheads. 
Section 3121 allows the administration to carry out the dismantlement plan it described in the FY16 budget request. It simply prevents the unilateral disarmament and acceleration proposed by Secretary Kerry, which is a misguided attempt to appease those who would disarm the United States. 
Section 3121 also prohibits dismantlement of certain U.S. nuclear cruise missile warheads for 5 years. This is a prudent measure because Russia is in plain violation of the INF Treaty through its flight testing and deployment of groundlaunched, intermediaterange cruise missiles. 
Simply put, we should not unilaterally disarm the United States cruise missile warheads when Russia is building and deploying its own cruise missiles in direct violation of the INF Treaty. 
threats against the U.S. and our allies, accelerating the U.S. nuclear weapon dismantlement by 20 percent is exactly the wrong message to send. 
the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
from New York has 90 seconds remaining. The gentleman from Alabama has 3 minutes remaining. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. BISHOP ). 
as a member of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee, I oppose this amendment as wrong policy. 
unilateral disarmament at the same time Russia has not lived up to its treaty obligations with the INF treaty? 
Section 3121 wisely prohibits the disarmament of nuclear warheads for 5 years, enough time to see if actually Russia will live up to its agreement. 
If you are actually going to get rid of 
a weapons system, for heaven’s sakes, get something for it. Unilateral disarmament gets us nothing. That is why 
this is the wrong policy with the wrong message that would go to our potential adversaries but, more importantly, the wrong message that would go to our allies, who are waiting to see if the United States will retreat from a position of leadership. 
central flaw in the argument against this amendment is that we are not talking about disarmament, unilateral or otherwise. Retired weapons do not add security. All they do is waste money to maintain them. 
Russia, okay. There is a threat from Russia. I don’t deny that. Modernization of nuclear weapons maybe should be a priority. That is a separate issue; but dismantling retired weapons doesn’t weaken us versus Russia, doesn’t help us—in fact, maybe it helps us by freeing up money for modernizing weapons. It is simply a waste of money to retain retired weapons. 
If we should have more active weapons, that is a different question; but, once we have retired the weapon, it costs money to maintain it. It also is a potential target for a terrorist to grab it or get the plutonium out of it or whatever. Retired warheads should be dismantled, regardless of the threat elsewhere. The question is: How many active warheads do we need? That is a separate topic. 
us. Dismantling a retired warhead just saves money. A retired warhead doesn’t help us against the Russians or anybody else. It is simply a question of not wasting money. 
don’t agree with that, but spend money on modernization. Why waste money on keeping retired warheads in the storage bins? 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire as to how much time I have remaining? 
minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), the vice chairman 
myself and many of us on this side of 
the aisle, are really disturbed about, and that is using his pen and his phone to go around Congress and do things by executive order, or unilaterally, if you might agree with that. 
nuclear stockpile, our strategic defense, is not a good idea. I totally want to resist this amendment. I urge everyone to vote ‘‘no’’ on it. 
treaty is, I believe, flawed; but what it does is require us to reduce our stockpile and Russia to increase its stockpile. Countries like China are not even included in that treaty. 
When we are already on a path to seriously reduce the number of our warheads and then to consider unilaterally even cutting them further, that is the height of folly, Mr. Chairman. We should resist this amendment and vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), chairman of the full committee. 
distinguished chairman of the Strategic Forces Subcommittee for yielding. 
where this dismantlement occurs, and I think we are missing one key point, but Mr. ROGERS raised it earlier. 
We have a limited number of facilities, a limited number of people, and a limited number of dollars. We can use them to take things apart, or we can use them to help modernize our existing stockpile so it can be more effective, so it can be safe, so it can be reliable in providing that nuclear deterrence that we depend upon. 
The concern is, based on what Secretary Kerry said 2 weeks ago, that this administration is going to put more money and people and facilities into taking things apart than they should. They have got their priorities wrong. This amendment or the underlying provision of the gentleman from Alabama tries to set those priorities straight, and that is what is important. 
to set priorities, and the priority ought to be defending the country, especially in light of what Russia and China continue to do: building nuclear weapons. 
I think this amendment should be rejected and the underlying provision supported. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. AMENDMENT NO . 52 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 52 printed in House Report 114–112. 
SMALL BUSINESS CONCERNS OWNED AND CONTROLLED BY WOMEN AND MINORITIES REQUIRED BEFORE CONVERSION OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS TO CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE. 
House Resolution 260, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
the chairman of the full committee, the gentleman from Texas; and the ranking member, the gentleman from Washington; and the manager who is managing, my dear friend from Rhode Island, for their leadership on many, many issues. 
energetic small business community. Included in that, of course, are women and minorityowned businesses. They are a vital part of our community. 
much engaged with our military bases. Over the years, we have had any number of them, very large facilities. In my own community, we have the Ellington base that we have retrofitted and improved and added a number of assets. 
This amendment speaks to the compatibility between the Department of Defense and its needs and the small and minority and womenowned businesses and asks the Secretary of Defense to outreach to these minority and women and small businesses, as a way of ensuring the growth of their businesses and the utilization of their services for that of the DOD. 
help the United States maintain the most talented, diverse, effective, and powerful workforce in an increasingly globalized economy. 
located in our neighborhoods and our communities are there to create opportunity and to create jobs—as a practical matter, the Department of Defense has the discretion to choose whether a contract can be insourced or outsourced. We would ask that they look at the minority businesses in the area as they make those determinations. 
that certain Federal contracts that were formerly completed by civilian 
contracts would be looked at in a different way. We ask that the assessment of the value of small businesses be considered and, in particular, be considered on how many jobs are created and also the importance of a healthy and diverse small business community. 
this amendment and just want to particularly say that, in my home city of Houston, Texas, it is home to more than 60,000 womenowned businesses and more than 60,000 African Americanowned businesses and thousands upon thousands of Hispanic businesses. 
two of my manufacturing companies, one of them a member of the Houston Hispanic Chamber of Commerce. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
desk; it is listed as #55 on the roster. 
Secretary of Defense to conduct outreach for small business concerns owned and controlled by women and minorities prior to the outsourcing of military contracts related to local military bases. 
I would like to thank both Chairman THORN BERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for their 
dedication and hard work on this important piece of legislation which ensures that our men and women in uniform have the resources they need and deserve. 
sponsored legislation that promotes economic opportunity and inclusion for women, veterans, and minority businesses. 
United States maintain the most talented, diverse, effective, and powerful workforce in an increasingly globalized economy. 
Department of Defense to consider the impact that changes to current outsourcing guidelines will have on small minority and women owned business by requiring them to engage with these businesses. 
idea; it requires an understanding that there is a need to have a process that will ensure the inclusion of minorities and women in all areas of American life. 
As a practical matter the Department of Defense has the discretion to choose whether a contract should be insourced or outsourced. 
certain federal contracts that were formerly completed by civilian contractors would be returned to federal employees. 
It is important to find balance between contracts that should be conducted by the federal government versus civilian contractors. 
businesses by taking away civilian contracts that are not inherently serving a federal government purpose such as janitorial services, painting buildings, mowing lawns and related activities. 
the bread and butter for minority and women owned business are slowly being withdrawn and returned to the federal government. 
That is why I support entrepreneurial development programs, including the Small Business Development Center and Women’s Business Center programs. 
These initiatives provide counseling in a variety of critical areas, including business plan development, finance, and marketing. 
My amendment would require the Department of Defense to utilize a similar outreach program prior to outsourcing. 
owned businesses in the United States, representing a significant aspect of our economy. 
According to the most recent available Census data, minority owned businesses employ nearly 6 million Americans and generate $1 trillion dollars in economic output. 
20% between 2002 and 2007, and currently total close to 8 million. 
My home city of Houston, Texas is home to 
more than 60,000 women owned businesses, and more than 60,000 African American owned businesses. 
The Department of Defense (DOD) estimates that during the Vietnam War, the ratio of contractors to soldiers was 1 in 10. 
in revenue for the companies to which they are awarded. 
make women and minority owned businesses aware of all of the contract opportunities available to them. 
Small businesses deserve a fair shot at federal contracts. 
They have a chance to compete for overseas contracts with the Department of Defense as well as access to international contracts with the United States Agency for International Development. 
In addition, I believe that work needs to be 
done to modernize key contracting developmental programs designed to increase opportunities for women, minorities and lowincome individuals. 
support through my amendment will reduce the current barriers and ensure small businesses have access to perform federal contracts. 
increased competition for government contracts will lead to better prices and better quality. 
The vibrancy of our economic prosperity depends on the ability of our nation’s small business community to adapt to opportunities at home and aboard. 
Outreach programs that are properly designed and implemented, strengthen the national community, promote its economic well being, and maximize the benefits of our great 
the Department of Defense reaches out to small minority and women owned business to hear their concerns and recognizes the important role they play in revitalizing our economy. 
ask unanimous consent to claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
Mr. POLIS. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Texas for bringing forth this amendment. This is tremendous talent and the entrepreneurial spirit across this country. 
ability to take advantage of that great diversity, which is America’s asset, it is so important to make sure that women entrepreneurs, minority entrepreneurs, are able to be in a position to supply and work with our United States military. 
I am proud of the steps that the military, itself, has taken with regard to diversity, but we can do better on the entrepreneurial and business side. 
know how important it is to make sure that we develop the next great generation of American companies, American suppliers, that reflects not only the diversity of the military, but the diversity of the American people. That is the strength of our country, to make sure that women entrepreneurs, minority entrepreneurs, are empowered. 
cause that the gentlewoman from Texas holds dear. It is a cause that I hold dear, and I hope that we can adopt this amendment to further that end. 
let me conclude by first thanking the gentleman from Colorado. 
that the appreciation for small businesses reaches from States like Texas to New York to California to Missouri to Colorado and Florida and many other places. I would ask my colleagues to support this important amendment investing in our small businesses, womenowned and minority businesses of America. 
want to also thank my colleagues for my amendment being in en bloc 
amendment No. 4, and I will later include a statement into the RECORD regarding amendment No. 75. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
gentlewoman for offering this amendment and just mention to my colleagues that there are a number of provisions in the underlying bill that try to help encourage small businesses to participate with the Department of Defense because I completely agree with the statements that were made. 
occurs in this country, and the bureaucracy, the difficulty in our acquisition system makes it very hard sometimes—many times—for small businesses to contribute. 
small businesses targeted by the gentlewoman’s amendment is appropriate. 
I hope, Mr. Chairman, that all Members, the supporters of this amendment and those who are concerned about small businesses having some greater opportunity to participate in Department of Defense procurement, will support not only this amendment, but also final passage of the bill because that is the only way that this amendment actually can become law. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 58, 60, 61, 65, 67, 68, 69, 70, 71, 72, 75, 79, 80, 81, and 82 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 58 OFFERED BY MR . HURD OF  
At the end of subtitle F of title V, add the 
AND IT CERTIFICATIONS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL CRITICAL TO NETWORK DEFENSE. 
‘‘and when appropriate, other Department of Defense personnel, to obtain’’; and 
may be used to pay the expenses of a member of the active Air Force, Army, Navy, Coast 
Guard, the reserve components, defense contractors, or civilians with access to information systems and identified as critical to network defense to obtain professional and industry recognized credentials related to information technology and cyber security functions.’’. 
are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the amendments made by this section, and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise made available for such purposes. 
AMENDMENT NO . 60 OFFERED BY MR . STIVERS OF  
At the end of subtitle H of title V (page 234, 
AMENDMENT NO . 61 OFFERED BY MS . MOORE OF  
At the end of subtitle H of title V, add the 
DECISION OF THE ARMY TO POSTHUMOUSLY PROMOTE MASTER SERGEANT (RETIRED) NAOMI HORWITZ TO SERGEANT MAJOR. 
Army Auxiliary Corps, the Women’s Army Corps, and the Reserves. 
moments of her military career, Ms. Horwitz’s was promoted to the rank of Sergeant Major in the U.S. Army Reserve. 
rank of Sergeant Major since 1960, Ms. Horwitz was one of only a handful of women to hold such rank during that time period. 
not allowed to hold the rank of Sergeant Major. 
Ms. Horwitz was a tireless veteran’s advocate serving for decades with AMVETS Post 60, Jewish War Veterans, the American Legion Milwaukee Women’s Post 448, the Allied Veterans Council of Milwaukee and the Veterans Day Parade Committee. 
that one of the proudest moment of her Army career be reflected on her gravestone. 
Army corrected this injustice and approved a request to posthumously promote Sergeant 
posthumously promote Master Sergeant (retired) Naomi Horwitz to Sergeant Major. 
AMENDMENT NO . 65 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
Page 298, line 12, insert ‘‘in the pilot program’’ after ‘‘beneficiaries’’. 
small business pharmacies’’ and insert ‘‘include small business pharmacies (as defined by the Small Business Administration)’’. 
Page 298, line 19, insert before the semicolon the following: ‘‘provided there are sufficient number of small business pharmacies willing to participate in the pilot program’’. 
the following: ‘‘shall give preference to regions with high small business pharmacy participation rates and’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 67 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 68 OFFERED BY MR . AUSTIN  
Page 314, line 1 (in section 804), after ‘‘any 
AMENDMENT NO . 69 OFFERED BY MR . COLE OF  
the following: ‘‘and each Center of Industrial and Technical Excellence (described in section 2474 of title 10, United States Code)’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 70 OFFERED BY MS . FOXX OF  
AMENDMENT NO . 71 OFFERED BY MR . BOST OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
HEARINGS AND APPEALS IN THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION; PETITIONS FOR RECONSIDERATION OF SIZE STANDARDS. 
Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Administration that handles requests submitted pursuant to sections 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Freedom of Information Act’) and maintains records pursuant to section 552a of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘Privacy Act of 1974’). 
and Appeals shall only hear appeals of matters as described in this Act, the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 661 et seq.), and title 13 of the Code of Federal Regulations. 
The Chief Hearing Officer may assign a matter for mediation or other means of alternative dispute resolution. 
an employee of the Administration under section 2103 of title 5, United States Code, and under the supervision of the Chief Hearing Officer; 
which section 5376 of title 5, United States Code, applies; and 
‘‘(iii) shall conduct hearings and issue decisions in the manner described under sections 555, 556, and 557 of such title, as applicable. 
An individual serving as a Judge in the Office of Hearings and Appeals (as that position and office are designated in section 134.101 of title 13, Code of Federal Regulations) on the effective date of this subsection shall be considered as qualified to be, and redesignated as, a Hearing Officer. 
subsection, the term ‘Hearing Officer’ means an individual appointed or redesignated 
under this subsection who is an attorney licensed by a State, commonwealth, territory or possession of the United States, or the District of Columbia.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 72 OFFERED BY MR . HANNA OF  
At the end of subtitle D of title VIII, add 
Congress that, when used appropriately, reverse auctions may improve the Federal Government’s procurement of commercially available commodities by increasing competition, reducing prices, and improving opportunities for small businesses. 
The Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.) is amended— 
such a contract, but only if the following requirements are met: 
the following decisions with respect to such a contract shall be made only by a contracting officer: 
part of the competition for award of such a contract. 
a contract using a reverse auction if only one offer is received or if offerors do not have the ability to submit revised bids with lower prices throughout the course of the auction. 
Federal agency awarding such a contract using a reverse auction shall evaluate the technical acceptability of offers only as technically acceptable or unacceptable. 
agency may not award such a contract using a reverse auction if at any time during the award process the Federal agency misinforms an offeror about the price ranking of the offeror’s last offer submitted in relation to offers submitted by other offerors. 
such term is used in section 2303 of title 41, United States Code) are not performed by 
agent and an offeror may not be used to justify a determination that an offeror is not a responsible source (as defined in section 113 of title 41, United States Code) or to otherwise restrict the ability of an offeror to compete for the award of such a contract or task or delivery order. 
employees, members of the Armed Forces, or civilians from bodily harm; or 
contracting officer to conduct discussions with the offerors about their offer. 
as defined in section 1102 of title 40, United States Code. 
auction’, with respect to procurement by an agency, means an auction between a group of offerors who compete against each other by submitting offers for a contract or task or delivery order with the ability to submit revised offers with lower prices throughout the course of the auction.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 75 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
Page 384, line 8, strike ‘‘; and’’ and insert a 
Page 384, line 13, strike the period and insert a semicolon. 
business systems for security, resilience, reliability, interoperability, and integration with existing interrelated systems where such system integration and interoperability are essential to Department of Defense operations; 
business system developers and owners in adapting systems for Department of Defense use; 
business system developers and owners where necessary to evaluate the feasibility of making the necessary changes where needed to adapt systems for Department of Defense use; 
system audits to determine which systems are related to or rely upon the system to be replaced or integrated with commercial off theshelf business systems; 
the testing of commercial offtheshelf business systems prior to deployment; and 
that will be changed or replaced by the installation of commercial offtheshelf business systems prior to installation and deployment to ensure reconstitution of the system to a functioning state should it become necessary. 
AMENDMENT NO . 79 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
At the end of title VIII (page 400, after line 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall prescribe 
a regulation making clear that agency acquisition personnel are permitted and encouraged to engage in responsible and constructive exchanges with industry, so long as those exchanges are consistent with existing law and regulation and do not promote an unfair competitive advantage to particular firms. 
AMENDMENT NO . 80 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
At the end of title VIII (page 400, after line 
later than 180 days following the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management, shall submit to the relevant congressional committees a plan for improving management of IT programs and projects. 
model for program management consistent with the IT project manager model. 
more competitive with the private sector and that recognizes both Government and private sector experience. 
AMENDMENT NO . 81 OFFERED BY MR . FARR OF  
also convene a review board annually with faculty representatives from relevant professional schools and degreegranting institutions of the Department of Defense and military departments, such as the service academies, the Naval Postgraduate School, and other similar schools and institutions, in order to review and synchronize defense acquisition curricula across the entire Department of Defense.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 82 OFFERED BY MR . FARR OF  
and other Department of Defense schools, that offer indepth analysis of the entire defense acquisition decision support system from both a business and public policy perspective and from an operational and information sciences perspective.’’. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) each will control 10 minutes. 
am pleased at this point to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST). 
Administration sets a size standard for a small business, it is determining whether that company can qualify for loans, Federal contracts, and other development assistance. 
the SBA sets an inappropriate size standard, wrongly classifying a small business as a large business, which can deny them critical access and assistance and contract opportunities. 
with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ), builds upon previous efforts 
to improve the SBA size standards process. This will empower America’s job creators to appeal directly to the SBA when they believe they have received an inappropriate designation. This change will spare small businesses from having to engage in expensive and timeconsuming lawsuits to make their voice heard. 
National Small Business Association, the National Defense Industrial Association, and other small business organizations. 
this time, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
again, let me offer my appreciation to the chairman and ranking member for including my amendment, No. 75, in en bloc amendment No. 4. 
Both of us serve on the Committee on Homeland Security. He serves on the Armed Services Committee, but we see that there are overlapping issues. 
My amendment simply makes an important contribution to the bill by ensuring that changes made to DOD computing systems using software bought and modified for agency operations will not result in the disruption of DOD operations. 
in recognition of a great unsung hero of the modern computing age, Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper, who was one of the first programmers, who invented the first compiler for a computer programming language and was a visionary who worked to make machineindependent programming languages possible. Rear Admiral Grace Murray Hopper is not very well known outside of the world of computing, but I salute her work in advancing the science of advanced computing systems while she served as a member of the 
Mr. LANGEVIN. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
amendment will provide the Department of Defense chief privacy officer with the tools it needs to plan and execute updates and changes to the DOD computer networks. 
In this world of hacking and the importance of securing our infrastructure of cybersecurity, I believe that this amendment will contribute to the improvement of the DOD and protect against cyber attacks. 
and Ranking Member S MITH for their work on 
this bill and their devotion to the men and women of the Armed Forces. 
I also thank them for including in En Bloc 
Amendment #4 the Jackson Lee Amendment (No. 125), which makes an important contribution to the bill by ensuring that changes made to DOD computing systems using software bought and modified for agency operations will not result in the disruption of DOD operations. 
I would like to offer this amendment in recognition of a great unsung hero of the modern computing age. 
one of the first programmers who invented the first compiler for a computer programming language, and was the visionary who worked to make machineindependent programming languages possible. 
very well known outside of the world of computing, but I salute her work in advancing the science advance computing systems while she served as a member of the armed services. 
the Department of Defense Chief Privacy Officer with the tools it needs to plan and execute updates and changes to DOD computer networks. 
Defense so the agency will need all of the resources necessary to prepare to transition its computing networks using software and components purchased and modified for specialized purposes. 
The importance of DOD functions for the security of our nation makes the importance of modernizing their computing systems of value to the nation and the demands they will face today and into the future. 
Jackson Lee Amendment No. 125 will ensure that changes made to DOD computing systems using software bought and modified for agency use will not result in disruption of DOD operations. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
Government Reform Subcommittee on Information Technology, over the past 5 months, one thing has become painfully clear to me: the IT infrastructure of the Federal Government is behind the times, and those who maintain our alreadyoutdated systems have a difficult job due to red tape and bureaucratic hurdles. Compounding this issue and making it worse is the fact that there is a shortage of highskilled labor in IT security both in the public and private sectors. 
My amendment would modify existing law to allow all personnel identified as critical to network defense within DOD and DHS who have received the appropriate training to take the necessary exams, backing their skills with certification. 
receive the valuable training needed to protect our networks and defend cyber domains, but their skills are not always backed by certification. This not only means there is little accountability in the system, but also that those who choose to leave the Federal Government have a hard time explaining their qualifications to potential employers. 
issues by providing internationally recognized certification to individuals in critical roles. More importantly, this amendment would not seek any additional funding to implement this policy change. 
This change will enhance U.S. national security, ensure value of taxpayer investments in IT training, and even help our veterans transition their hardearned skills to civilian employment once their service has ended. 
and commend him for his work on this bill. 
there are no additional speakers on my side, I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield myself 30 seconds to note that there are 15 amendments in this en bloc package, 8 sponsored by Republicans and 7 by Democrats. There truly was bipartisan participation in formulating this package, and I hope all the sponsors of these 15 amendments will support this bill on final passage. 
I urge adoption of the en bloc, and I 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
to. AMENDMENTS EN BLOC NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . 
pursuant to House Resolution 260, I offer amendments en bloc. 
of amendment Nos. 62, 73, 74, 77, 78, 84, 85, 86, 87, 88, 89, 92, 93, 95, 97, 98, and 100 printed in House Report No. 114–112, offered by Mr. THORNBERRY of Texas: 
AMENDMENT NO . 62 OFFERED BY MR . THOMPSON  
At the end of subtitle I of title V, add the 
SCREENINGS FOR INDIVIDUALS BECOMING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
armed force or is commissioned as an officer in an armed force, the Secretary concerned shall provide the individual with a mental health screening. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding after the item relating to section 520c the following new item: 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Mental Health of the National Institutes of Health shall submit to Congress and the Secretary of Defense a report on preliminary mental health screenings of members of the Armed Forces. 
composition of the mental health screening, evidencedbased best practices, and how to track changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, post traumatic stress disorder, and other conditions. 
best practices used by the Secretary in tracking changes in mental health screenings relating to traumatic brain injuries, posttraumatic stress disorder, and other conditions among members of the Armed Forces. 
Forces with traumatic brain injury, post traumatic stress disorder, and other mental health conditions; and 
AMENDMENT NO . 73 OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
has historically procured specialized fire hoses designed for combating wildfires used by the Forest Service. 
signed on February 5, 2014, by the Administrator of General Services and the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency designating the Defense Logistics Agency as the integrated material manager and source of supply for such fire hoses. 
to secure efficiencies in procurement and cost savings for the Government, the transfer of procurement authority to the Department of Defense had the unintentional effect 
of requiring all suppliers of such fire hoses to 
comply with the domestic sourcing requirements of section 2533a of title 10, United States Code, also known as the Berry Amendment. 
through May 5, 2015, less than 9 percent of quantities of such hoses purchased by the Defense Logistics Agency were procured for the purposes of the Department of Defense. 
AMENDMENT NO . 74 OFFERED BY MR . MCGOVERN  
AMENDMENT NO . 77 OFFERED BY MR . WALKER OF  
At the end of title VIII (page 400, after line 
of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the application of the Open Trusted Technology Provider Standard to Department of Defense procurements for information technology and cyber security acquisitions and provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Technology Provider Standard to determine what aspects might be adopted by the Department of Defense and where additional development of the standard may be required. 
programs where the standard might be applied most effectively, as well as identification of types or classes of programs that should specifically be excluded from consideration. 
have related to the adoption of the standard or improvement in the standard to support Department acquisitions. 
AMENDMENT NO . 78 OFFERED BY MR . YOUNG OF  
National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 11184; 123 Stat. 2405; 41 U.S.C. 3304 note) is repealed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 84 OFFERED BY MR . PALAZZO  
Section 1712 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is amended— 
2016’’ and inserting ‘‘June 30, 2016’’ both places it appears. 
AMENDMENT NO . 85 OFFERED BY MRS . ELLMERS  
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated in this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used to deactivate the 440th airlift wing, or to move the personnel or aircraft of the 440th airlift wing, or to otherwise degrade the capabilities of the 440th airlift wing until the Secretary of Defense certifies that the deactivation of the 440th airlift wing will not affect the military readiness for the airborne and special operations units stationed at Fort Bragg, North Carolina. 
AMENDMENT NO . 86 OFFERED BY MR . KATKO OF  
Not later than February 1, 2016, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report addressing the immediate and critical training and operational needs of the remotely piloted aircraft community. The report shall include the following: 
nonrated, civilian, contractor, or enlisted pilots to execute remotely piloted aircraft missions. 
existing utilization of special use airspace available for remotely piloted aircraft training and a plan for accessing additional special use airspace in order to meet anticipated training requirements for remotely piloted aircraft. 
increasing the throughput of undergraduate remotely piloted aircraft training without sacrificing quality and standards. 
the mix of training airframes to operational airframes in the remotely piloted aircraft inventory necessary to achieve manning requirements for pilots and sensor operators and, to the extent practicable, a plan for fielding additional remotely piloted aircraft airframes at the formal training units in the active, National Guard, and reserve components in accordance with optimum ratios for MQ–9 and Global Hawk remotely piloted aircraft. 
At the end of subtitle F of title X (page 485, 
AMENDMENT NO . 88 OFFERED BY MR . HECK OF  
At the end of title V (page 247, after line 
RULEMAKING .—After the issuance by the Secretary of Defense of the regulation issued with regard to section 987 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the Military Lending Act), and part of 232 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations (its implementing regulation), but before the relevant compliance date for any provisions of such regulation that relate to the identification of a covered borrower under the Military Lending Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that discusses— 
Defense Manpower Data Center shall submit to Congress reports on the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of the Defense Manpower Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws. The first report is due six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, and the Director shall submit additional reports every six months thereafter as necessary to show improvements in the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of such systems. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Manpower Data Center shall submit to Congress a report on plans to strengthen the capabilities of the Defense Manpower Data Center systems, including staffing levels and funding, in order to improve the identification of covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws. 
Manpower Data Center shall meet regularly with private sector users of Defense Manpower Data Center systems used to identify covered borrowers and covered policyholders under military consumer protection laws to learn about issues facing such users and to develop ways of addressing such issues. The first meeting pursuant to this requirement shall take place with three months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
AMENDMENT NO . 89 OFFERED BY MR . CRAWFORD  
PLACES OF PUBLIC USE, GOVERNMENT FACILITIES, PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION SYSTEMS, AND INFRASTRUCTURE FACILITIES. 
United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities 
of members of the Armed Forces assigned to explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) units providing support to civilian law enforcement agencies does not involve search, seizure, arrest or other similar activity. Upon the request of the Attorney General, the Secretary of Defense may provide such assistance in Department of Justice activities related to the enforcement of section 2332f of title 18 during situations involving bombings of places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities. 
EOD units providing renderingsafe support to Department of Justice activities relating to the enforcement of section 175, 229, or 2332a of title 18 emergency situations involving weapons of mass destruction shall be consistent with the provisions of section 382 of this title. 
‘‘(ii) guided and ballistic missiles; ‘‘(iii) artillery, mortar, rocket, and small 
‘‘(xi) all similar or related items or components explosive in nature; and 
procedures’ means those particular courses or modes of action for access to, recovery, rendering–safe, and final disposal of explosive ordnance or any hazardous material associated with an EOD incident, including— 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
places of public use, Government facilities, public transportation systems, and infrastructure facilities.’’. 
AMENDMENT NO . 92 OFFERED BY MR . DEFAZIO OF  
It is the sense of Congress that a technical 
correction to the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3881) should be enacted in order to expeditiously carry out the intent of such section 3095. 
AMENDMENT NO . 93 OFFERED BY MR . LYNCH OF  
In division A, at the end of title X, insert 
title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
proclamation calling on the people of the United States to observe two minutes of silence on Veterans Day in honor of the service and sacrifice of veterans throughout the history of the Nation, beginning at— 
sections for chapter 1 of title 36, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
AMENDMENT NO . 95 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
At the end of subtitle A of title XII (page 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID PROGRAMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Defense evaluates program and project outcomes and impact, including cost effectiveness and extent to which programs meet designated goals. 
the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
AMENDMENT NO . 97 OFFERED BY MR . CICILLINE  
At the end of subtitle B of title XII (page 
UNITED STATES MANUFACTURERS IN PROCUREMENT OPPORTUNITIES RELATED TO EQUIPPING THE AFGHAN NATIONAL SECURITY FORCES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
Defense and the Secretary of State shall submit to Congress a report on efforts of the Secretaries to engage United States manufacturers in procurement opportunities related to equipping the Afghan National Security Forces. 
AMENDMENT NO . 98 OFFERED BY MS . SINEMA OF  
required by the Secretary of Defense to counter ISIL’s illicit oil revenues 
In section 1216, strike ‘‘It is the sense of 
At the end of section 1216, add the following: 
Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— 
‘‘International Security Assistance Force’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘International Security Assistance Force, the Resolute Support Mission, or any successor organization’’; 
60 days after the date of the enactment of this paragraph, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly shall submit a report to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate containing the following: 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and the 
gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) each will control 10 minutes. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. STEFANIK ), a colleague on the Armed 
Services Committee who is also vice chair of the Subcommittee on Readiness. 
I will support this en bloc package, I stand in opposition to the provision to delay the transfer of Apaches from the National Guard to the Active Army. 
South Carolina and I worked very closely to authorize a congressional review, no less than 60 days, following the Commission’s report release. The gentleman from Mississippi’s (Mr. PALAZZO ) provision would scratch this 
would have devastating impacts on the Army’s combat aviation brigades and on States like New York, Kansas, Hawaii, Arizona, and California. 
home of the 10th Mountain Division, any delay would cause this high operational tempo unit to be left without an aviation brigade. Let me be clear. Any Apache delay will have grave consequences on Army’s readiness, deployment schedule, and dwell time. 
Apaches, the National Guard is set to receive fully modernized Blackhawks. However, derailing, delaying, or limiting Apache transfers would halt Blackhawk modernization and would, consequently, inhibit lift and rescue operations, which are critical to a 
against this package, I will continue to fight for an ontime transfer of the Apaches from the National Guard to the Army. 
me first say that I want to thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee for his bipartisan cooperation in arriving at this en bloc package. 
I have no speakers at this point, so I 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
Mr. Chairman, since its establishment, the National Guard has persistently answered the call to defend our Nation and respond in times of national crises. 
After September 11, 2001, the National Guard was, once again, called on to stand to post, deploying for months on end, leaving loved ones behind. 
Restructuring Initiative, or ARI, is set to have a devastating impact not only on the National Guard in Johnstown, Pennsylvania, but on the entire National Guard, leaving the force less combat capable and less able to provide operational depth. 
the National Commission on the Future of the Army to offer a deliberate approach to addressing force structure issues and ARI. We need to allow the Commission to do its work and ensure that Congress has sufficient time to consider the Commission’s report and recommendations before the Army takes any further harmful and irreversible actions. 
The amendment I have offered Representatives PALAZZO and W ALZ will 
ensure that Congress has that opportunity, and I would urge your support. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ). 
Mr. Chairman, I thank Chairman THORNBERRY and the committee staff 
for continuing to work with me on issues facing Fort Bragg, including the deactivation of the 440th Airlift Wing. 
My amendment is simple. I am demanding accountability for what I believe to be a terribly misguided and shortsighted decision. The airborne and special operations units the 440th supports are unique because there are paratroopers within the Global Response Force who are on call 24/7, packed and ready to deploy anywhere in the world within hours. It is safe to say that the level of readiness required for these forces is unparalleled. 
the idea of deactivating such a vital element is simply baffling to me. I see 
this as dangerous to our paratroopers, and I demand accountability for this illadvised decision. As the Representative of Fort Bragg, I will not stand idly by when I see a decision that negatively impacts the brave men and women serving our country. 
am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). 
support of amendment No. 86 to bring awareness to an issue that greatly affects the future of our Air Force, and it can be boiled down to one specific fact: we need more remotely piloted aircraft pilots. 
has increasingly emphasized the use of unmanned aerial systems to support military operations around the world. We should continue providing the assets necessary to protect and enable our servicemembers to do their job. 
made several remarks, stating the need for 300 annually trained RPA pilots. However, we can only muster a fraction of that number at this time. 
support for a report to Congress that requests clarification on how the Department of Defense—specifically, the Air Force—plans on solving this problem. 
the operational needs of our Air Force and ask for strong support of this amendment. 
for his time, and I urge adoption of my amendment. 
am pleased at this point to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ). 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment on behalf of our Nation’s servicemembers. This amendment is verbatim to a bill that the gentleman from Ohio, Congressman TIMRYAN, and 
I introduced earlier this year, H.R. 1465, the Medical Evaluation Parity for Servicemembers Act of 2015. This amendment will help the military identify behavioral health issues and improve suicide prevention by instituting a mental health assessment for all incoming military recruits. 
need to address mental health issues in a timely manner, finding that ‘‘nearly one in five Army soldiers enter the service with a psychiatric disorder, and nearly half of all soldiers who tried suicide first attempted it before enlisting.’’ 
The amendment is respective of servicemembers’ privacy, and the mental 
evaluation cannot be used in determining promotion. This amendment will simply ensure that we have a better baseline for the mental health of a servicemember during his or her military career. 
their lives on the line every day in the service of our Nation, and it is our responsibility to offer everything in our power to guarantee they return home safely, both physically and mentally. 
This amendment has strong bipartisan support and the support of a large number of military and mental health advocacy groups which understand our troops deserve as much support as we can provide them. 
took their own lives between October and December of 2014 by suicide. Let’s stop this tragedy. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the underlying bill. 
at this point, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA) for the 
gentleman from Texas for yielding and also for entering into this colloquy. 
potential Air Force determination under section 2667 of title 10, referencing an enhanced used lease agreement offered by the Canaveral Port Authority for use of Department of Defense lands directly adjacent to the Canaveral Harbor’s deepwater port. 
As you know, the Canaveral Port Authority is, in fact, an independent governmental agency established by the Florida Legislature back in 1939. Therefore, the Canaveral Port Authority is a public organization. And under section 2667 of title 10, it could be determined by the Secretary of the Air Force that public interest would be served as a result of the enhanced use leave agreement that is being offered and that competitive procedures are not compatible with the public benefit served by this public interest. 
deal with a public entity. The competitive procedures for selection of leases under this section should allow the Air Force to negotiate solely with the Canaveral Port Authority. 
that section 2667 of title 10 provides the Secretary of the Air Force the flexibility to enter into a lease with the Canaveral Port Authority. I further understand that such lease would be at full market value. So along with the gentleman, I look forward to hearing from the Secretary of the Air Force as 
Mr. MICA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
have no speakers on my side, so I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield myself the remainder of my time just to mention that in this en bloc package there are amendments from nine Republicans and eight Democrats. We have heard discussed over the last two en bloc packages a number of important issues such as cybersecurity and about equipping and training our National Guard. Again, Members from both sides have contributed to this product. But to make their contributions count, this bill is going to have to pass, and I hope that all the Members who offered these 17 amendments of this en bloc and the other packages will support the final passage not only of this en bloc package but the final of the entire bill. 
Chairman and Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee for including the Lynch Boustany Amendment in this en bloc amendment. 
bill, H.R. 995, the ‘‘Veterans Day Moment of Silence Act’’ to the NDAA. Last year, this language was incorporated into the House passed FY 15 NDAA. Unfortunately, it was not included in the final Defense Authorization Conference Report. 
Mr. Chair, this amendment calls for the national observation of two minutes of silence 
every Veterans Day in honor of all our veterans, past and present. It sets a time where all Americans can pause, come together, and reflect on the service of generations of brave American men and women in uniform. 
we have strong disagreements over how to address them. However despite such differences, support for, and gratitude to, our veterans is something that we can all agree on. This silent tribute lets us set aside our differences, and come together as one nation, to say to our veterans that we appreciate everything they have done and sacrificed to keep us safe. 
I would like to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. BOUSTANY , for cosponsoring this 
amendment with me, and for being an original cosponsor of H.R. 995. 
Ranking Member of the Armed Services Committee for their cooperation. 
Ranking Member for yielding me this time and for his leadership on so many national security and defense issues. I want to thank Chairman THORNBERRY and Ranking Member S MITH for 
supporting my efforts to bring this amendment to the floor for debate and making it part of this en bloc amendment. 
current simplified acquisition threshold—or SAT—for a wide variety of items, including textiles, tents, tarpaulins, flags, clothing, apparel, footwear, head gear, a wide variety of cotton, wool, silk and synthetic yarns, and the list goes on. But most importantly, this amendment ensures that that small and mediumsized American companies, with American workers, using Americanmade content will continue to have the opportunity to do business with the Pentagon and provide textiles, clothing, apparel and other such materials to our service men and women at good prices. 
provides employment opportunities for people who are blind or who have significant disabilities. They manufacture Berrycompliant items, including uniforms, chemical protective garments, tents, tarpaulins, hats, caps and other clothing and textile items. This amendment protects their jobs and their relationship with the DOD. It means textile, footwear and apparel manufacturers in North Brookfield, Fall River and elsewhere in Massachusetts can continue to support our troops with their high quality products and materials. 
raise the SAT from $150,000 to $500,000. My amendment simply maintains the $150,000 threshold. Now the difference between $150 and $500,000 might not sound like much. But if that threshold had been raised in FY 2014, then 6,813 contracts totaling over $337 million in textile and clothing alone would have been exempt from the Berry amendment. This amendment keeps the Berry Amendment strong, and it keeps America strong. 
The original amendment that I submitted to the House Rules Committee would have also maintained the current SAT on food and on specialty metals, hand tools, measuring tools, and so forth. Chairman THORNBERRY did not 
support maintaining the current SAT on those items, and in the spirit of compromise we narrowed the scope of the amendment to textiles, clothing, apparel and related materials. I hope as the NDAA moves through the legislative process that the scope of my original amendment will be reinstated. 
array of national textile and manufacturing organizations, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment and the en bloc amendments in total. 
DEAR MEMBER OF CONGRESS : The undersigned nine trade associations ask for your vote in support of McGovern Amendment #74 under the rule (see H. Res. 260). It will be in order during consideration of FY 2016 National Defense Authorization Act (H.R. 1735) today. 
Offered by Cong. Jim McGovern Amendment #74 fixes a provision in Section 854 of H.R. 1735 that would seriously harm the U.S. textile, apparel, and footwear industry. 
Simplified Acquisition Procedure threshold (SAT) from $150,000 to $500,000. This change would exempt contracts up to $500,000 from compliance with both the Berry Amendment and the Kissell Amendment. 
significant strain on the U.S. textile, apparel, and footwear supply chain by reducing contracting opportunities for manufacturers, large and small, covered under the Berry Amendment. Analysis of DODfunded contracts under the SAP attached as Addendum 1 on page 4. 
problem by lowering SAT back down to $150,000 for fiber, textile, apparel, footwear, 
Berry Amendment has spurred substantial innovation in the area of military textiles, apparel, and footwear by domestic manufacturers. Weightsaving carbon fibers, ballisticresistant fabrics used in personal protective equipment, fire resistant fabrics, medical fabrics, and collapsible fuel bladders are among the thousands of products developed for the military that also have commercial applications. These innovations have helped America’s textile manufacturers stay at the forefront of technical textiles, enhancing safety and boosting employment and exports. 
a $500 million ballisticresistant fiber plant built in South Carolina within the last five years, illustrates the industry’s commitment to the technical fiber/fabric industrial base. Thanks to the U.S. government’s longstanding policy with respect to military procurement encompassed in the Berry Amendment, that plant had a readymade market, an important factor in calculating the risk 
textiles used by the military do not have a commercial market. For national security reasons, DOD does not allow certain textile technologies to be exported. Classified dyeing and finishing techniques used to reduce heat signatures or to create a secure environment for electronic communication are just two examples of U.S. investments made to develop militaryspecific textile products exclusively for DOD use. 
1941 (USC, Title 10, Section 2533a) to ensure that a strong U.S. defense industrial base is always ready to meet the needs of the troops. It requires the Department of Defense (DOD) to procure certain products such as food, specialty metals, hand measuring tools, and textiles made with 100 percent U.S. content and labor. Since then, Congress has reaffirmed its support for the Berry Amendment by strengthening its provisions, recognizing that textiles and clothing are indispensable to our warfighter’s safety and ability to execute their missions. 
Understanding the need for periodic adjustments in the SAP, Congress enacted Public Law 108–375 which allowed for inflation adjustments to the SAP every five years. 
However, further increase in the SAT beyond what is currently proscribed by Public Law 108 375 will seriously erode the U.S. textile, apparel, and footwear industry’s ability to supply the defense industrial base, compromise U.S. investment in textile manufacturing operations, put at risk highly skilled and good paying textile jobs, and inhibit the domestic industry’s competitive advantage in commercial markets. 
As the House works on this important legislation, we urge that McGovern Amendment #74 be adopted so that the FY 2016 NDAA does not erode the important value that the Berry Amendment brings to the U.S. textile, apparel, and footwear industry and our warfighters. 
Again, please ensure that America continues to strength its domestic textile, clothing, and footwear supply chain. Vote for McGovern Amendment #74. 
Council of Textile Organizations; Gifford Del Grande, Chairman, Narrow Fabrics Institute; Juanita D. Duggan, President & CEO, American Apparel and Footwear Association; Sarah Y. 
Freidman, Executive Director, SEAMS, the National Association for the Sewn Products Industry; Marc Fleischaker, Rubber & Plastic Footwear Manufacturers Association; Paul O’Day, President, American Fiber Manufacturers Association; Bret Kelley, Chairman, United States Industrial Fabrics Institute; Tom Dobbins, President, American Composites Manufacturers Association; Gary Adams, President/CEO, National Cotton Council. 
Below is an analysis of DODfunded contracts for FY 2014 from USASpending.gov with respect to Federal Supply Classification 83 (textiles, tents, flags, etc.) and Federal Supply Classification (FSC) 84 (clothing and individual equipment etc.) as pertaining to the Simplified Acquisition Procedure (SAP) threshold. 
The current SAP threshold is $150,000. Language in the chairman’s FY 2016 NDAA mark in Section 844 proposes to raise that figure to $500,000. Contracts less than the threshold are not subject to the Berry Amendment’s domestic sourcing requirements. 
FY 2014, 6,813 contracts would have been subject to the SAP totaling $337,086,946; 
DODFUNDED PRIME CONTRACT AWARDS FOR FSC 83 & 84 IN FY 2014 
Protection and Readiness Coalition (WPRC), I write to express our concerns regarding a provision to raise the simplified acquisition threshold from the current level of $150,000 to $500,000. This substantial change would have an immediate negative impact on the domestic industrial base that comprises WPRC membership. 
leading manufacturers and distributors of Berry Amendmentcompliant protective gear, tactical equipment and clothing. Leading American manufacturers and suppliers to the U.S. military represent an industrial base capability critical to national security delivering superior equipment, apparel, armor, and technology to the modem warfighter and peacekeeper. 
Authorization Act (NDAA) Chairman’s Mark would create a significant challenge and irreparable harm to WPRC member companies. Increasing the simplified acquisition threshold to $500,000 would not only create unintended contracting confusion but also exempt contracts up to $500,000 from compliance with the Berry Amendment. 
final remaining domestic manufacturers of critical components for safety and survival products for our servicemen and women. Over the past five years, declining resources and commodity based procurement practices have jeopardized efforts to modernize and innovate our industry. This proposal creates another unnecessary obstacle to our member companies and significantly limits the number of fair and open competitions they can compete for. 
significant defense acquisition reform, Section 844 creates unintended consequences for the domestic industrial base this effort was designed to assist. The Berry Amendment was adopted to promote the purchase of Americanmade goods and to sustain a warm industrial base ready to meet the immediate needs of the U.S. military. 
Amendmentcompliance for contracts under $500,000, the Committee is jeopardizing the future of the domestic military industrial base and inviting the introduction of low quality, inconsistent products to our Armed Forces. I respectfully request that the Committee reconsider Section 844 and the true impact of this action on our member companies. Thank you for your consideration and for 
Ranking Member, House Armed Services Committee, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
American Manufacturing (AAM), I write to express our concerns with Section 854 of the House FY16 National Defense Authorization Act (H.R. 1735), which would increase the threshold for applicability of certain domestic content preferences applicable to Pentagon spending, including the Berry Amendment and the Specialty Metals Amendment. We strongly urge the removal of Section 854 from the NDAA. 
Acquisition Procedure (SAP) threshold from $150,000 to $500,000, thus exempting a large number of contracts from compliance with domestic content preferences that ensure a strong supply chain of U.S. producers to 
increase the Pentagon’s reliance on foreign nations for the goods needed to defend the American people and ensure mission readiness. Potential political or military conflicts with foreign supplier nations that have no duty to our national defense priorities can disrupt the timely delivery of goods needed to keep our service men and women safe at home and on the battlefield. 
robust defense industrial base are essential to our national security. Preferences for the procurement of Americanmade goods by our military bolster the strength and longterm viability of countless companies whose mission is to produce highquality goods to defend the American people and our Soldiers. It is with great regard for our preparedness and national security that we urge the removal of Section 854 from the NDAA. 
Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Chair, thank you Chairman T HORNBERRY and Ranking Member S MITH 
for your leadership on national security and for accepting my amendment. 
country’s security and global stability. Terrorist networks constantly develop new ways to finance their deadly operations and threaten America. 
To keep our country safe, we must be one 
step ahead of them, cutting off their funding and stopping their efforts. 
The Islamic State (I–S) is one of the world’s 
most violent, dangerous and well financed terrorist groups. In 2014, ISIL generated approximately $1 million per day, predominantly through the sale of smuggled oil. 
My amendment directs the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and the Secretary of the Treasury and other agencies involved in this effort, to pursue efforts to shut down ISIL’s oil revenues and report on resources needed for these efforts. 
As a member of the Task Force to Investigate Terrorism Financing, I’m working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to keep money out of the hands of terrorists and find solutions, like this amendment, that strengthen America’s security. 
on the amendments en bloc offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORN BERRY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 83 OFFERED BY MR . BURGESS  
to consider amendment No. 83 printed in House Report 114–112. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in 
order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include information otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
House Resolution 260, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank you for the recognition. My amendment today reflects the frustration that many in Congress have felt for some time over the Department of Defense’s lack of real progress on being able to produce a full accounting of where the money that has been given to them over the years has been spent. 
In 1990, Congress passed the Chief Financial Officers Act requiring every department and every agency in the Federal Government to produce verifiable financial statements which could be fully audited. To date, each major agency has been able to complete this task except one—the Department of Defense—and Congress has allowed the Department of Defense to continue to not comply with this law for now going on 25 years. It is time for that to end. 
might claim it has taken steps toward completing an audit, purportedly to be accomplished by 2017, Congress has little verifiable proof that this will actually occur. 
the Department of Defense to rank—in order from most ready to be audited to least ready to be audited—every entity within the Department which is required to provide financial statements for the overall efforts of the departmentwide audit. Congress needs to know which offices within the Department of Defense are making significant strides toward this goal and which offices are not. 
The amendment requires no additional analysis, no additional explanation, simply a list. If Congress is serious about exercising its oversight role through the power of the purse, then this is the least we should expect the Department to provide to Congress, a pulsecheck to show Members where the audit truly stands. 
Ms. LEE, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and I are 
not the only ones who have been concerned about the Pentagon’s lack of progress in this arena. In 2013, the Government Accountability Office—Congress’ eyes and ears on the ground for keeping the Federal Government accountable—stated that it could not complete an audit of the entire Federal Government because the Department of Defense could not produce verifiable documents. The GAO stated at the time: ‘‘The main obstacles to a GAO opinion on the accrualbased consolidated financial statements were: serious financial management problems at the Department of Defense that made 
its financial statements unauditable.’’ A GAO source was reported to have stated that the Pentagon routinely postponed meetings at the last minute with GAO pertaining to the audit. This is unacceptable, and the body should not accept it. 
Besides being necessary for the proper separation of powers role that Congress continues to assert in overseeing how taxpayer money is spent, this amendment represents good governance. It is for this reason that our amendment today is endorsed by the Americans for Tax Reform, Taxpayers for Common Sense, and the National Taxpayers Union. 
up for taxpayers and tell the Pentagon that it must justify how it spends every dollar that it is given. Congress has been complacent for too long on this issue. With today’s vote perhaps that will end. 
working with my office on this. I look forward to working on this issue as the deadline approaches, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. LEE. I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Ms. LEE. First, let me thank Mr. 
work on this amendment. It is a pleasure to work with the gentleman to bring transparency and accountability to Pentagon spending so taxpayers know where their hardearned dollars are going. I also want to thank Congresswoman SCHAKOWSKY for her support and work on this very important amendment. I am pleased to be working with Congressman BURGESS and 
upon the work that we are doing with our bipartisan Audit the Pentagon Act, H.R. 942. 
Audit the Pentagon amendment since 2011, and this work continues now with Representatives BURGESS and S CHAKOWSKY . This is a commonsense amendment to ensure auditreadiness at the Pentagon, something that Congress mandated I think it was 25 years ago; yet twoplus decades later, Pentagon officials continue to tell Congress that auditreadiness is still years away. This is simply unacceptable. 
would require a report ranking all military departments and Defense agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditreadiness. Taxpayers deserve to know how and where their hardearned dollars are being spent. 
than half of Federal discretionary spending and totals more than half a trillion dollars. The fact that any part 
is unacceptable, let alone a department that spends more than $600 billion annually. That is, frankly, outrageous. I bet you the Department of Housing and Urban Development can’t get away with this. 
owner, 11 years, and I can tell you one thing. I know the importance of having one’s books in order. Whether it is in the private sector or the public sector, it is critical to success. In fact, we all demand that all individuals, families, organizations, and companies be able to pass an audit. Why in the world should the Pentagon be any different? 
box budgeting and two decades of ‘‘we will get on with this’’ rhetoric, and they keep postponing and saying ‘‘we will get to it later.’’ That is unacceptable when it comes to ending waste, fraud, and abuse. I remember several years ago there were reports from The New York Times, and subsequently these reports were substantiated, that taxpayer dollars—cash money—in suitcases were being passed out in Afghanistan. What in the world are we doing? We have no clue where that money went or how much it was. It was cash money. 
So we need to take this action, and I 
thank Mr. BURGESS and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY for this. If you ask me, I think 
we need to take bolder actions to address the Pentagon’s failure to achieve auditready status and somehow at some point penalize them if they don’t do that because we all would be penalized if in fact our books were not in order. So this amendment, I just have to say, is a major step in the right direction. 
deserve to know how the Pentagon is spending their hardearned tax dollars. We must end waste, fraud, and abuse at the Pentagon. We need to achieve auditreadiness. Once again, none of us could get away with this, none, no Federal agency could get away with this. So we must begin this process for accountability and transparency. It is important that the public know exactly how their money is being spent. There is no way the Pentagon should get away with this. 
vote on this amendment because unauditable is unacceptable. I thank Mr. BURGESS , and I yield back the balance of my time. 
time, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), 
support this amendment. I rise just to make two points. Number one, unfortunately, there are a lot of Federal agencies that can’t pass an audit, and I hope that all the other committees of 
the Congress are as diligent as our committee is about making sure they get their agencies to where they can. 
CPA Mr. CONAWAY of Texas, we have pushed this issue, held many oversight 
hearings, and will continue to push this issue. I think the gentleman’s amendment helps that effort. But I want to be really clear that this is a high priority of the committee, and it needs to be a high priority for the other departments besides the Department of Defense as well. 
point I am prepared to yield back, but I do want to thank the chairman of the full committee for hearing our amendment this evening. I also want to thank him for what I know is a significant amount of work and challenge to get this bill to the floor. 
speedy passage tomorrow, and yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
The amendment was agreed to. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) having assumed the 
Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H. R. 1735) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 28 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. LOUDERMILK ) at 9 o’clock 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
to honor the life and legacy of Nevada Senator Howard Cannon. 
faculty intern; and every day, in my district office, I have the privilege of sitting behind his personal desk, loaned to me by his daughter Nancy Downey. It serves as a constant reminder of his many heroic acts. From delivering paratroopers in the lead plane on D 
Day to passionately advocating for Nevada’s interests on the Senate floor, Howard Cannon’s valor and courage are truly unmatched. 
France to cut the ribbon on the new extension of the DDay Paratrooper Historical Center, which features her father’s restored C–47, the ‘‘Stoy Hora,’’ among other artifacts from the invasion. It is a fitting tribute to Senator Cannon and the brave men and women who risked or lost their lives so we can live in a safer world today. 
be summed up in 1 minute, Mr. Speaker, so I will now submit for the RECORD  
an article from the Las Vegas Review Journal, titled: ‘‘Humble’’ Air Warrior Had Crucial DDay Job: France to honor late Sen. Cannon. 
lateSen. Howard Cannon, from his 33year political career to his Air Force Reserve service as a major general, his biggest achievement arguably was his role in delivering paratroopers in the lead plane during the June 6, 1944, DDay invasion of Normandy, France. 
thenMaj. Cannon, copilot of the C–47 Skytrain ‘‘Stoy Hora,’’ and pilot Col. Frank Krebs, commander of the 440th Troop Carrier Group, spearheaded the assault to free France from the grip of Nazi Germany’s forces. 
formation not made it to the drop zone near St. Mere Eglise, the soldiers of the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment might never have been able to provide the cover and distraction for the massive troop landings on the Normandy coast that marked a turning point in World War II. 
For that, the grand opening of the extension at the DDay Paratroopers Historical Center featuring the restored C–47 ‘‘Stoy Hora,’’ the pilot’s log book and other artifacts will be held June 12 in Normandy’s SaintComeduMont. A flight simulator with special effects will treat visitors to a simulated 7minute flight inside the aircraft. 
Genoa, and Krebs’ daughter, Christine Goyer, will cut the ribbon with Ethan Wolverton, greatgrandson of Lt. Col. Robert Wolverton, commander of the 3rd Battalion’s stick of paratroopers, who was killed by Germany machinegun fire while he dangled in his harness after his parachute caught on a tree. 
‘‘In our region, we feel that the pilots and 
crews have not been significantly recognized for their action on DDay, and we are attempting to not forget them in our museum extension,’’ event coordinator Michel de Trez wrote in Downey’s invitation. ‘‘It is also our way to honor those who fought and died on the sector where we are located.’’ 
week, Downey said she is looking forward to seeing the C–47 her father flew 71 years ago. 
‘‘I think it’s a great honor to be a pilot of 
something that’s living history, to be a memorial to people like my dad who risked their lives and lost lives to help, not only France, but the world be a safer place,’’ she 
been a tremendous inspiration to me my whole life,’’ she said. 
Cannon’s photographs and memorabilia for its Cannon Aviation Museum. 
highly likely the invasion would not have been successful,’’ said Mark HallPatton, administrator of the Clark County Museum on Boulder Highway in Henderson. 
local DA and Nevada senator who was co pilot of the lead plane is huge,’’ he said. 
deregulated the airlines and played a key role in passage of the Civil Rights Act. He was a Democrat who was able to bring the Republicans in and get that passed for (President Lyndon B.) Johnson,’’ HallPatton said. 
editorial recognized his political savvy. ‘‘The senator would never tell what deal President Lyndon Johnson offered him for his role in ending the Southern filibuster which would otherwise have prevented the Civil Rights Act from coming to a vote in 1964.’’ 
U.S. senators, from 1959 to 1983. As a member of the Armed Services and Commerce, Science and Transportation committees and chairman of the Tactical Air Power, Military Construction and Stockpiles subcommittees, he helped secure funding and upgrades for Nellis Air Force Base. 
Born in St. George, Utah, in 1912, he became intrigued by the budding aviation industry while attending Dixie Junior College in the 1930s. 
‘‘I admit I was more than just a little impressed by the glamour of flying in those days,’’ he said in an interview for the December 1971 edition of Air Line Pilot magazine. ‘‘Lindbergh had recently made his epic oceancrossing flight, and that added to the pilot mystique that dominated that era.’’ 
As a second lieutenant in the Utah National Guard, he was called to active duty in 1941 and promoted to first lieutenant in charge of a combat engineers unit. He was assigned to the 40th Division in San Luis Obispo, Calif., when Japanese warplanes attacked Pearl Harbor on Dec. 7, 1941. Responding to the need for experienced pilots, he joined the Army Air Corps and graduated from light aircraft and glider school in New Mexico as a captain. 
write, Cannon described the historic DDay flight. ‘‘Antiaircraft fire at us as we passed the Channel Islands but we were too low and out of range from them ....  A s  w e  a p proached the target, we let down through the stuff and broke out at 700 feet over the green fields of France.’’ 
He saw one of the U.S. planes explode as 
his C–47 powered toward the drop zone. ‘‘Many positions firing tracers,’’ he wrote. ‘‘Many of them had me flinching. Over target—green light—there go the troops. Time 0140 (1:40 a.m.) 6 June 1944.’’ 
His awards and decorations included a Purple Heart, a Distinguished Flying Cross, a presidential citation, and the French Croix de Guerre. 
again flying paratroopers behind enemy lines. This time it was for the allied invasion of the Netherlands for Operation Market Garden. After they had dropped the troops, their plane was hit by antiaircraft flak, forcing them to bail out. What followed was a 42day odyssey during which they evaded their captors with the help of Dutch civilians. ‘‘When I parachuted into Holland, I felt I 
was nothing—someone small and unimportant—a speck in the universe leaving a disabled plane,’’ he told Air Line Pilot magazine. ‘‘When I left Holland, I sensed I had accomplished far more than our original mission. I had learned from the ‘defeated’ the true meaning of freedom and how we must never give up fighting for it.’’ 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
as a member for 22 years on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and supporter of rail, my heart goes out to the families and individuals who suffered in the wake of the Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia. 
The Republican leadership in Washington continues its longterm failure to adequately fund transportation infrastructure in this country, and starving Amtrak from the funds that it truly needs to operate a national system is one example of the failure of this House. It is sad that the Republicans, on the day that seven or eight people died and 200 were injured, voted to cut funding for Amtrak. 
House—the people’s House—that the people who represent the people are stuck on stupid. We need a comprehensive transportation system, and we need to stop starving Amtrak. 
the day of the accident to cut Amtrak. It is unacceptable. This is the people’s House, and the people should be in charge. To whom God has given much, much is expected, and they expect more from the people’s House than what happened yesterday in this House of Representatives. 
Philadelphia are focusing on excess speed, but there is a related issue: the overall condition of Amtrak and the nation’s infrastructure. One of the reasons that American trains should not travel 100 miles an hour in many places is that the state of our rail system—like the state of our bridges, highways and airports—is not good. 
Many airports here look dilapidated relative to those in Asia and Europe. Roads are choked with traffic. The fastest train from Boston to Washington takes about six and a half hours. The fastest train from Paris to Marseille—a slightly longer distance—takes just over three hours. 
thought to be traveling at least 100 miles an hour—twice the speed limit on that section of track. That is about half the French train’s average speed on the trip from Paris to Marseille. (Reuters has also reported that the section of the track where the crash occurred lacked advanced braking technology designed to prevent derailments.) 
Much of the problem of crumbling infrastructure has existed for years. There is, however, a new development that has made things worse. The combined money that federal, state and local governments spend on construction has dropped significantly, relative to the size of the economy, in the last five years. And only part of the decline stems from the end of the stimulus program, which temporarily lifted infrastructure spending. 
percent of total economic activity, down from about 1.8 percent on average from 1993 through 2008. It’s at its lowest level in at least 22 years. (A hattip to Joe Weisenthal, of Business Insider, who calculated this statistic in 2013, after the collapse of a bridge near Seattle.) 
secretary and Harvard president, sent an email to us today making an argument similar to Mr. Weisenthal’s. More infrastructure spending would both make accidents less likely and bring economic benefits. 
now almost universally suggest the U.S. economy will have grown at an annual rate of well under 1 percent,’’ Mr. Summers wrote. ‘‘If this isn’t stagnation, I wonder what would be.’’ 
He added: ‘‘A major infrastructure investment program would reduce longrun deferred maintenance liabilities, raise demand and G.D.P., put construction workers back to work and raise investment. Interest rates may not always be as low as they are now, so it’s high time to get started.’’ 
Other Democrats have begun making similar arguments today. Many congressional Republicans have historically supported infrastructure spending as well, but have been more reluctant recently. 
graphics about politics, policy and everyday life. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter. Sign up for our weekly newsletter. 
fully recovered from the Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia before Capitol Hill erupted hours later into its usual partisan clash over how much money to spend on the longstruggling national rail service. 
on Wednesday morning, Democratic lawmakers in Washington angrily demanded an increase in Amtrak funding, calling Tuesday night’s accident a result of congressional failure to support the rail system. Republicans refused, defeating the request in a morning committee hearing and accusing Democrats of using a tragedy for political reasons. 
Mike Simpson, Republican of Idaho, snapped at a Democratic colleague after the funding increase was defeated in a 30to21 vote. 
The scene in the hearing room was a replay 
of the swirling politics that have threatened to consume Amtrak in the four decades since it was nationalized by the United States government. Like the rest of the country’s crumbling public infrastructure, its aging rail beds and decadesold trains are sagging under increased use, especially in the Northeast, where nearly threequarters of all travel takes place on the trains, not on planes. 
And the immediate political rancor foreshadowed another fight to come soon: whether Congress will delay a mandate to install equipment that would have automatically reduced the speed of Northeast Regional train No. 188. The deadline for installing the system, called positive train control, is the end of 2015, but Congress is considering extending the deadline to 2020 at the urging of 
Connecticut, said in a statement on Wednesday that delaying the technology ‘‘only leads to preventable and predictable tragedy.’’ 
speed of the derailed Amtrak train, which they said was going 106 miles an hour on a stretch of track where the speed limit was half that. But they said no firm conclusion had been reached on what caused the derailment. 
governor of Pennsylvania, lashed out at Republican lawmakers on Wednesday for refusing to increase Amtrak funding. He said the requested increase of $251 million over the Republican budget of $1.14 billion could significantly improve safety by upgrading tracks and installing positive train control systems in the busiest part of the system. ‘‘It is absolutely stunning to me,’’ Mr. Rendell said of the funding vote. ‘‘It shows that ideology trumps reality, and it shows that cowardice reigns in Washington. The callousness and disregard was shockingly contemporaneous.’’ 
New York, also criticized his Republican colleagues, saying they should have used the aftermath of the Amtrak accident ‘‘as an opportunity to do the right thing, instead of sticking to their ideology.’’ 
busiest rail corridor and accounts for more than a third of Amtrak’s ridership. It is also the most profitable part of its national network. But some bridges, like the Portal Bridge near New York, for instance, are more than a century old and in desperate need of replacement. Trains come to a crawl when they travel through Baltimore’s 100 yearold tunnel. Some parts of the tracks still have wooden ties. 
speed train that runs between Washington and Boston—can reach its top speed only in a handful of places. On a 30mile stretch near Cranston, R.I., for example, the Acela speeds up to 150 m.p.h. About five minutes later, it needs to slow down. 
‘‘These trains have to be thought of as a 
national asset,’’ said Rosabeth Moss Kanter, a professor at the Harvard Business School. ‘‘Amtrak is a political whipping boy for Congress. But how much is it going to take to wake up Congress that this stuff has to be invested in? It is aging, it is not properly maintained.’’ 
Amtrak has its passionate supporters, including Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr., who often joins many lawmakers who race to Union Station for a quick trip home. But the rail system also has many detractors, who say its annual losses are a drain on the public treasury. Many argue that privatization of the rail lines would improve service, cut costs and create innovation that could rival the gleaming train systems in Japan, China and across Europe. 
of Florida, is pushing a plan to privatize the improvement of Amtrak’s system in the Northeast region. He said that the rail system needed money for improvements, but that lawmakers did not trust Amtrak to spend it well. 
outdated infrastructure,’’ Mr. Mica said. But he added, ‘‘They don’t have the trust of Congress to get substantial money because they’ve not spent the money well that they’ve gotten.’’ 
‘‘When you give them money, they squander it,’’ he said. 
In the meantime, however, Amtrak’s funding is failing to catch up to its ridership, which peaked at 32 million last year, up 
nearly 50 percent since 2000. In 2014, its latest fiscal year, Amtrak lost $1 billion with revenue of $3.2 billion. 
‘‘Amtrak has really suffered from congressional schizophrenia over funding levels,’’ said Ray LaHood, the Republican former member of Congress who served as President Obama’s first secretary of transportation. 
with lawmakers who came to Washington from states where Amtrak does not run. ‘‘They think Amtrak is just the easy place to cut,’’ he said, adding that he had little optimism that anything would change without pressure from voters during election time. 
there is no vision,’’ Mr. LaHood said. ‘‘There is no plan. There is no courage for taking up what needs to be done in terms of fully funding infrastructure. We are limping along.’’ 
Service Act of 1970, the National Railroad Passenger Corporation, as Amtrak is officially called, is the only provider of national passenger rail service in the country. 
have been six since 2002—contend with a dual mandate: to provide a public service while also trying to make money, which has proved an impossible task, Ms. Kanter said. Her latest book, ‘‘Move: Putting America’s Infrastructure Back in the Lead,’’ addresses the importance of investing in transportation infrastructure. 
just repairing. We need to repair, of course, but we have to reinvent, too, because the whole model is broken,’’ she said. ‘‘We don’t want to be stuck with the same crummy, shabby system after we fix Philadelphia. We have to do something more, and better.’’ 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
been quite an eventful week. We have taken up many things, and I couldn’t be more proud of my friend from Texas, Chairman THORNBERRY . 
National Defense Authorization and is to be applauded for trying to prevent the military from being weakened further than the sequester has already made it. 
One of the bills that we took up and 
passed today was the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and I am anal enough I will get these bills and read them, so that is what I did. 
course, this bill came to us from the Senate as the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act, and many of us had concerns about it, but I didn’t realize that the actual title of the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act was—and this is the opening paragraph of the bill: 
Representatives, H.R. 1191, entitled ‘‘An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to ensure that emergency services volunteers are not taken into account as employees under the shared responsibility requirements contained in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,’’ do pass with the following. That is what it is. It is an IRS bill to 
adjust the Affordable Care Act, and it is hard for me to use those words ‘‘Affordable Care Act’’ because it is anything but affordable. It has cost people their insurance, their doctors, their health, their health insurance. It is laughable to call it affordable. 
to amend the Affordable Care Act; and, Mr. Speaker, you might wonder, wait a minute, I thought you said this was the Iran Nuclear Agreement Review Act— well, exactly. It is an IRS bill to fix this exception for emergency services volunteers that they not be considered under the Affordable Care Act. 
Then we go to the Senate bill. This is 
like the Affordable Care Act because they take a House bill that is intended for one purpose, delete, beginning with line 1, page 1, delete everything in it, and then make it the Iran Nuclear Review Act—talk about democracy in action, really impressive. They strip out everything to do with making the ObamaCare bill better and, instead, replace it with the Iran Nuclear Review Act. 
There were a few dozen of us that had 
major concerns about it. First of all, we had already heard that this bill was going to turn the Constitution upside down. The constitutional requirements for a treaty—what is a treaty? It is an agreement between one country and another. The President has authority to negotiate those agreements. 
still care about the Constitution, then that treaty has to go before the Senate and get twothirds of the votes of the Senators; otherwise, that treaty means nothing, and it is not binding. 
or the executive branch or the Secretary of State call that agreement, that treaty; it is a treaty between one country and another. For purposes of the Constitution, it should go before the Senate for ratification. 
this President just ignoring it, so used to the Justice Department saying: We don’t care what you are requesting. We are not going to give you any of those documents or any of the information. 
said, okay, we will pass a bill that will force the administration to let Congress know what is going on, even though we are going to flip the Constitution upside down and go from requiring, as the Constitution does, a vote of 67 Senators in order to ratify a treaty, or agreement, with a foreign country, and we are going to go with requiring 67 Senators to vote it down, completely reversing the constitutional requirement, but we will make it better because we will add a requirement that the House has to have two thirds vote, get 290 votes, to vote it down, but at least this way, Congress gets to be a player and gets to know what is going on. 
What is it that is in this bill that will 
about why you don’t mess with Congress? It is in here, and it is actually at page 8. It is entitled—number 5, on page 8—‘‘Limitation on actions during congressional reconsideration of a joint resolution of disapproval.’’ 
So here we are, the President supposedly under this bill will send the agreement that he wants Congress to see, kind of like the trade act that they classified and we hadn’t gotten all of it, but we are going to vote on it anyway, it makes no sense; but for those of us that are anal enough to want to read these things before we pass them, this has got to have enough teeth that it will teach the President a lesson if he dares to betray us and not give us what we need in order to make a proper determination. 
Senate under this bill, this Affordable Care Act bill—now Iran Nuclear Review Act—we get the chance to strike that down if we can come up with two thirds votes in both the House and the Senate. 
what is the real teeth in this bill that will teach the President and the entire State Department a lesson if they mess with us and we vote in the House and the Senate twothirds to disapprove it? 
of disapproval passes both Houses of Congress and the President vetoes such joint resolution—wow, people forgot that even though we are going to give ourselves the opportunity to vote with twothirds to strike it down, if he vetoes that, here is the real punishing aspect for the President who many of us believe has been violating the law by loosening sanctions that were put in place by Congress. 
change the law unilaterally when Congress and another President has passed and signed law into being, but the sanctions are there, duly passed, signed into law. 
the law, as some of us believe, by lifting sanctions that he doesn’t have authority to lift and we come along and the House and Senate disapprove the treaty with Iran and he vetoes that treaty—here is the lesson—he can’t illegally lift sanctions against Iran for 10 whole days—10 calendar days. It says 10 calendar days. 
Man, that is going to teach him a lesson. This is a powerful bill that will teach the President that you don’t 
mess with Congress. If you loosen the sanctions that the law put in place, why, we will pass another bill that says you can’t do it for 10 whole days, and that is what we did here. 
Now, on page 9, we have got ‘‘the effect of congressional action with respect to nuclear agreements with Iran.’’ It is a sense of Congress. 
B says: ‘‘It is a sense of Congress that 
these negotiations are a critically important matter of national security and foreign policy for the United States and its closest allies.’’ 
Then C: ‘‘This section does not require a vote by Congress for the agreement to commence.’’ That is helpful. 
a critically important matter of national security and foreign policy for the United States and its closest allies’’ is interesting. I don’t really agree with that because the way I see this agreement, Mr. Speaker, is it has been drug out for months and, apparently, for years. I know friends at Judicial Watch have tried to get what are supposed to be public documents—those are the travel logs for Valerie Jarrett— so we can find out when she first started flying over to Iran to start negotiations and open up the dialogue with Iran. It would be nice to know. 
Most of us on both sides of the aisle 
staunchly agree that Israel is a very dear friend and ally. What this negotiation has meant is that—and Israel understands this—if President Obama and John Kerry and Wendy Sherman, who is the lady who gave North Korea nukes, are negotiating with Iran and are telling the world, ‘‘Oh, we have got a deal. We are nearly at a deal. We have almost got one worked out’’ and Iran is saying, ‘‘We have got no deal. We haven’t agreed to any of that. That is not true,’’ then it doesn’t matter what Iran is saying. If the United States’ leaders are saying, ‘‘We are getting close to a deal, and we have almost got a deal,’’ if Israel does the right thing by Israel and attacks Iran’s nuclear capability and takes it out as best they can without our best bunker buster and without our best planes to deliver it—they would probably need two or three sorties to take out four— if they actually do the selfdefense process of hitting Iran, then this administration would be able to unite the world against Israel—call them warmongers, call them all kinds of things—because, ‘‘Oh, gee, we almost had a deal with Iran. Yes, they have been dragging this out for 2 years or so, but we nearly had a deal. Oh, don’t pay any attention to Iran’s saying we didn’t have a deal. We were so close to having a deal. Therefore, Israel is a bunch of warmongers. Therefore, the whole world and the U.N. should punish them.’’ 
That is what Israel, I believe, understands that this deal means regardless of whether a deal is ever reached, and I wouldn’t put it past this administration to agree to keep dragging it out and dragging it out for the rest of this 
President’s administration. It is, certainly, in Iran’s interests because they are continuing to enrich uranium, and nothing has slowed them down. As we know now, they are not even letting anybody at the IAEA examine all of their facilities. Forget the openness that this administration says they are going to get. 
that we passed today and that the Senate passed also is that we are going to ignore the President’s and the executive branch’s illegal actions in lifting the sanctions they are not entitled to lift if he will be kind enough to allow Congress to think about the sanctions some more and if he will give us information on how things are going in Iran. I mean, there is a requirement here for 30 days within which they have got to give us notice unless they think that is not enough time, and then they would give us 60days notice. They have to give us a semiannual report. Every 6 months, we will find out what is going on. 
course—one of many things—is that I have been asking for the documents that the Justice Department gave to people who were convicted of supporting terrorism in the Holy Land Foundation trial. The conviction occurred in November 2008. As part of the discovery in that prosecution, they were given massive numbers of documents from the FBI and from the Justice Department that they had obtained about radical Islam here in the United States. They gave it to the convicted terrorists. We now know they are convicted of supporting terrorism, and they got all of those documents. 
When Eric Holder tells me in a hearing, basically, that there may be some classification issues, you gave them to terrorists, for heaven’s sake. Don’t you think you can afford to give them to Members of Congress so we can see what the evidence was that you had? For heaven’s sake. They have not given us the information on that. They have obfuscated about the Fast and Furious evidence. They have covered up evidence in the administration about the IRS conspiracy to prevent conservative groups from raising money like the liberal groups were so that the Republicans would have a better chance in the 2012 election. 
able to trust them on any of these other things, but we are going to trust them on this. We are going to trust Iran to let us have a full review of everything they are doing even though they have never done that before, and we are going to trust this administration for the first time in 6
start giving us full information about what is going on. Some might think that is a little foolhardy, and I would be one of those. 
Here at the bottom of page 17: ‘‘If the 
President, in his own determination, decides he is able to make the certification required,’’ then he will do that. 
‘‘The United States sanctions on Iran for terrorism, human rights abuses, and ballistic missiles will remain in place’’ under an agreement. 
Of course, that is unless the President wants to ignore this like he has been ignoring the sanctions already; but you can’t forget that language on page 8. By golly, if he vetoes a bill, disapproving and if he can’t lift sanctions, he has got to quit doing that illegal stuff for 10 full days. 
page 18: ‘‘The President should determine the agreement in no way compromises the commitment of the United States to Israel’s security.’’ It says he ‘‘should’’ do that, but it doesn’t say he ‘‘shall’’ or he ‘‘must.’’ 
The good news is on page 19: Expedited Consideration of Legislation. ‘‘In the event,’’ as it says here, ‘‘the President does not submit a certification with all of the information that is required,’’ like he has ignored on lots of other things we have requested or at least the executive branch has, then we are going to introduce legislation—it says right here—‘‘within 60 calendar days’’ of his not following the law. 
It is going to go quickly to the House 
floor and the Senate floor. That is on page 21. We are going to get it to the floor quickly. 
and we are going to waive points of order against whatever legislation it might be. It may be that, if we really get our spines stiffened and we pass legislation that extends that 10day period where he can’t lift sanctions like he has been doing, maybe we will extend that to 20 days and really show him that he can’t mess with Congress. 
Yes, for the liberals who might someday read the transcript of this, Mr. Speaker, I am being sarcastic. Liberals have trouble understanding sarcasm sometimes, but this is a very, very deadly serious issue. 
about anything. The Ayatollah cannot be trusted. For heaven’s sake, Jimmy Carter decided the other Ayatollah— the first Ayatollah Khomeini—was a man of peace. He welcomed him for the first time in a century or so—well, not quite a century—to let a radical Islamist take over a country’s military, and as a result, Americans have died in the last 35 years, 36 years, and I am afraid more will. 
Iran. They only know one thing, and that is power. I read the statements by one of the Iranian military leaders who said they welcome war with America, and it clicked. I remember somebody in the Saddam Hussein regime saying the same thing and that, if we tried to do anything, it would be the mother of all wars. It was amazing because we moved faster and further than any military has ever moved in the history of the world. Mistakes were made, absolutely, 
but the American military could put Iran in its place very quickly—and should—before they get nuclear weapons and hundreds or thousands or millions of people die. 
Mr. Speaker, before time runs out. We took up this week the USA FREEDOM Act. Actually, there are some very good things in here. Again, I just felt I have to read the bill. Sorry if that bothers some of my friends. 
was heralded as a great accomplishment, we found out from Snowden that the FISA courts had just not really issued constitutional orders or warrants—no specificity—just an order saying, for example: Verizon, give the government every record on every caller you have in your records. Give it all to the government. 
I would submit that is unconstitutional, and when we found out the FISA court did it, it was outrageous to me. That is not probable caution. That is not specificity. There are all kinds of problems there, and this bill was going to try to address that. 
On page 35, one of the things that was 
heralded was—and it is a good idea—to create amicus curiae, which is a group of lawyers who will represent those people who have records that are being sought even though those people don’t know that their records are being sought. 
the judges shall designate not fewer than five individuals to be eligible to serve as amicus curiae—or friends of the court—to represent those interests. 
the bottom of page 35—that the court shall appoint these lawyers and individuals who serve as amicus curiae to assist in any application if, in the opinion of the court, the government is presenting a novel or a significant interpretation of the law. 
there to protect the civil rights of people whose records are being obtained, as they were under the FISA orders previously, unconstitutionally, because the court can just decide, no, this is not a novel interpretation, so we are not going to take it up. Then, even if it is a novel or a significant interpretation, it says: ‘‘unless the court issues a written finding that such appropriation is not appropriate.’’ 
If you just look over at page 40, it 
tells you the government can discuss on an ex parte basis—that is without the other side’s being present—to the court. So they can tell the court we don’t want the amicus curiae here on this issue. That is just one of so many major, major loopholes. 
there were perhaps 3,000 cases with the national security letters—the IG determined this—where FBI agents just sent out national security letters, demanding records. There was no case; there was no probable cause; and it was a crime if the people from whom the 
up a little bit. It still says in here that the only people who can authorize what basically is a warrant is the FBI Director himself or herself, or he can designate his deputy, but nobody lower than that other than any special agent in charge anywhere in the country, which was the problem that we ran into in 2007 with all of the abuses. 
There is still a lot of reason not to 
feel comfortable that people’s rights are going to be protected in the FISA courts. I am not comfortable with the FISA courts anymore, but, Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time to point this out. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
S. 112. An act to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 10 o’clock p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, May 15, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Science, Space, and Technology. Supplemental report on H.R. 1806. A bill to provide for technological innovation through the prioritization of Federal investment in basic research, fundamental scientific discovery, and development to improve the competitiveness of the United States, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–107, Pt. 2). 
Ways and Means. H.R. 880. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to simplify and make permanent the research credit; with an amendment (Rept. 114–113). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1907. A bill to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, with an amendment (Rept. 114–114, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committees on Homeland Security, Foreign Affairs, Financial Services, and the Judiciary discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1907 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
H.R. 2315. A bill to limit the authority of 
States to tax certain income of employees for employment duties performed in other States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
economic activity for counties and local governments containing National Forest System land by establishing a demonstration program for local, sustainable forest management, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Natural Resources, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
POCAN , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. P OLIS, and 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to require a lifetime income disclosure; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
DELBENE, Mr. L ANCE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to enhance the COPS ON THE BEAT grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2319. A bill to amend title 44, United 
States Code, to require preservation of certain electronic records by Federal agencies, to require a certification and reports relating to Presidential records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2320. A bill to provide access to and 
use of information by Federal agencies in order to reduce improper payments, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
himself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to provide grants for innovative teacher retention programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 2322. A bill to reduce costs of Federal 
real estate, improve building security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. R OS 
CHABOT , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S ALMON, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. K EATING , and 
objectives, and effectiveness of United States international communications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 2324. A bill to provide for the conveyance of small parcels of National Forest System land and small parcels of public lands administered by the Bureau of Land Management to private landowners, State, county, and local governments, or Indian tribes whose lands share a boundary with the National Forest System land or public lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself and Mr. BILIRAKIS ): 
H.R. 2325. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for a pharmaceutical and technology ombudsman under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2326. A bill to provide for oversight of, 
and place restrictions on, Federal programs that provide equipment to law enforcement agencies; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Homeland Security, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. M ENG, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. C ICILLINE , 
H.R. 2327. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to inter in national cemeteries individuals who supported the United States in Laos during the Vietnam War era; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. B LUM, Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, 
Mr. P ETERSON , and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 2328. A bill to amend the Toxic Substances Control Act relating to leadbased paint renovation and remodeling activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2329. A bill to ensure appropriate judicial review of Federal Government actions by amending the prohibition on the exercise of jurisdiction by the United States Court of Federal Claims of certain claims pending in other courts; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Criminal Justice Commission; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F LEMING, Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. 
PITTS, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
H.R. 2331. A bill to amend the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 to prohibit the use of benefits to purchase marijuana products, to amend part A of title IV of the Social Security Act to prohibit assistance provided under the program of block grants to States for temporary assistance for needy families from being accessed through the use of an electronic benefit transfer card at any store that offers marijuana for sale, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2332. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Transportation to establish a transformational infrastructure competitive grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of the Interior to acquire certain property related to the Fort Scott National Historic Site in Fort Scott, Kansas; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2334. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to require individuals to include their social security numbers on the income tax return as a condition of claiming the refundable portion of the child tax credit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Florida, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. A DERHOLT , 
Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to incentivize the development of abusedeterrent drugs; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2336. A bill to amend chapter 111 of 
title 28, United States Code, relating to protective orders, sealing of cases, disclosures of discovery information in civil actions, and 
for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to authorize priority review for breakthrough devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to provide for the development and use of patient experience data to enhance the structured risk benefit assessment framework, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2339. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to clarify the treatment of lottery winnings and other lump sum income for purposes of income eligibility under the Medicaid program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Substances Import and Export Act to remove regulatory barriers to the reexportation of controlled substances among members of the European Economic Area; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
REED, Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OOPER , 
Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, 
Mr. D OLD, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. N OLAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
H.R. 2341. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide that the President’s annual budget submission to Congress list the current fiscal year spending level for each proposed program and a separate amount for any proposed spending increases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Budget. 
Health Service Act to provide for the participation of physical therapists in the National Health Service Corps Loan Repayment Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 2343. A bill to amend the Transportation Equity Act for the 21st Century to modify a high priority project in the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 2344. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the vocational rehabilitation programs of the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
THOMPSON of California): H.R. 2345. A bill to extend the date after 
which interest earned on obligations held in the wildlife restoration fund may be available for apportionment; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 2346. A bill to extend the authorization of appropriations for allocation to carry out approved wetlands conservation projects under the North American Wetlands Conservation Act through fiscal year 2020; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
Ms. K USTER , Ms. L EE, Mr. T HOMPSON  
FOSTER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. R USH, Mr. 
COLEMAN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
DENT, Ms. P INGREE , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. P RICE 
Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. B EYER , 
Mr. P AYNE , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. M ATSUI, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E NGEL , 
of Florida, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. G ENE 
MENG, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. M EEKS , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
HUFFMAN , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
of Texas, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. G ARAMENDI , 
LEWIS, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. J UDYCHUof 
California, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. B ASS, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Miss R ICEof New York, 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. E LLISON , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. L INDA 
T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mrs. C APPS , 
SANCHEZ of California, Ms. S LAUGH TER, Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. 
VEASEY , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. T AKAI, 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
CAPUANO , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. A GUILAR , 
Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. R UIZ, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
North Carolina, Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. N OLAN , Mr. B RADY of 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. F ARR, Mr. L EVIN, 
Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New 
PLASKETT , Mr. H OYER , Mr. L YNCH , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mrs. D AVIS of 
Ohio, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. G ABBARD , 
Mr. K EATING , Mr. C LAY, Mr. B ECERRA , 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relative to equal rights for men and women; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States relating to contributions and expenditures with respect to Federal elections; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 45. Concurrent resolution recognizing the occasion of the 300th anniversary of the establishment of Fort Michilimackinac on the Straits of Mackinac, and its importance to the people of Michigan and the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H. Con. Res. 46. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of the Congress that the National Institutes of Health should encourage a global pediatric clinical trial network, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
practice of communityoriented policing and encouraging diversity hiring and retention in law enforcement; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
JUDY CHUof California, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , 
TAKANO , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. K USTER , Ms. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. 
PALLONE , Mr. F ARR, Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H IMES, 
Mr. P ETERS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Ms. B ASS, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. 
goals and ideals of the International Day Against Homophobia and Transphobia; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and 
Commerce, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
for Lunchtime Music on the Mall in the Nation’s capital to benefit the District of Columbia and regional residents as well as visitors and honor the public service of the performers and partners; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 2315. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2316. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 2317. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution 
H.R. 2318. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2319. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States grants the Congress the power to enact this law. 
H.R. 2320. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2321. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution provides Congress with the authority to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper’’ to provide for the ‘‘general Welfare’’ of Americans. In the Department of Education Organization Act (P.L. 96–88), Congress declared that ‘‘the establishment of a Department of Education is in the public interest, will promote the general welfare of the United States, will help ensure that education issues receive proper treatment at the Fedral level, and will enable the Federal Government to coordinate its educatioon activities more effectively.’’ 
H.R. 2322. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress) and clause 17 (relating to authority over the district as the seat of government), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States 
H.R. 2326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 2328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 2329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislation is based is found in article I, section 8, clause 9; article III, section 1, clause 1; and article III, section 2, clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts. 
H.R. 2330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2332. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to the power of Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 2334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2336. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clauses 9 and 18 of section 8 of article I and 
H.R. 2337. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2338. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2339. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2340. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2341. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
U.S. Const. art. 1, §1; and U.S. Const. art. 1, §8, cl. 18. 
H.R. 2342. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2343. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, clause 1 of the U.S. 
Article 1, Section 9, clause 7 of the U.S. 
H.R. 2344. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2345. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 2346. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.J. Res. 52. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
whenever two thirds of both Houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose Amendments to this Constitution, or, on the Application of the Legislatures of two thirds of the several States, shall call a Convention for proposing Amendments, which, in either Case, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of this Constitution, when ratified by the Legislatures of three fourths of the several States or by Conventions in three fourths thereof, as the one or the other Mode of Ratification may be proposed by the Congress; Provided that no Amendment which may be made prior to the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight shall in any Manner affect the first and fourth Clauses in the Ninth Section of the first Article; and that no State, without its Consent, shall be deprived of its equal Suffrage in the Senate. 
H.J. Res. 53. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 91: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
LOBIONDO , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. B ARTON, and Mrs. H ARTZLER . 
H.R. 140: Mr. G RAVES of Georgia and Mr. 
H.R. 221: Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ARTER of Texas, 
Mr. G OWDY , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
H.R. 225: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 249: Ms. K USTER , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. 
H.R. 271: Mr. N UGENT , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
WALZ, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OSS, Ms. R OS 
H.R. 313: Mr. K ILMER and Mr. C RAMER . H.R. 343: Ms. K USTER and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 451: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. S ANFORD . 
H.R. 539: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. T ONKO , Ms. W ILSON  
of Florida, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. C ARTERof Georgia. 
H.R. 572: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. S EANPATRICK  
H.R. 578: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C RENSHAW , Ms. B ASS, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. I SSA, Mr. 
SAMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois, and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 662: Mr. G IBBS, Mr. M OOLENAAR , and 
H.R. 667: Mr. B EYER and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 721: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. F OSTER , and 
H.R. 746: Ms. E STY, Mr. S EAN PATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
KEATING , Ms. M OORE , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
H.R. 767: Mr. P ERRY , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
MOOLENAAR , Mr. G RIFFITH , and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 784: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CHRADER , and Mr. C LEAVER . 
H.R. 793: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 828: Mr. K IND, Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. 
H.R. 836: Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. B ABIN, and Mrs. 
H.R. 985: Mr. R OUZER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 1002: Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. 
Roby, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. S WALWELL  
of California, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. V AN 
Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. W OODALL , Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. B ABIN, and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1174: Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. R USSELL, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B EATTY , and 
MULLIN , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. M ASSIE . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. J ONES , and 
H.R. 1220: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
Mexico, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. C HABOT , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
and Mr. M CDERMOTT . H.R. 1247: Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1300: Mr. K EATING , Mr. C APUANO , and 
H.R. 1312: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. P OLIS, Ms. 
HECKof Washington, Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. B ERA, Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
H.R. 1338: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P ERRY , 
Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
CURBELO of Florida, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. W ILSONof South Carolina, and Mrs. B USTOS . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. K ILMER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. H ECK of Washington, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. M IMES, Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. 
LOWEY , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. T HOMPSON of California, Ms. B ONAMICI , and Mr. S WALWELL of 
H.R. 1413: Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, M. 
RIBBLE , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, and Mr. M ILLERof Florida. 
H.R. 1415: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. C AROLYN  
H.R. 1427: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. B ARLETTA and Mr. B ARTON . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. Z INKE and Mr. L AMALFA . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1567: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. K INGof New 
MATSUI , and Ms. C LARKE of New York. 
H.R. 1610: Ms. G RAHAM and Mr. P ALMER . 
H.R. 1635: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mr. T EDLIEU 
H.R. 1655: Mr. K IND, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, and Mr. L YNCH . 
H.R. 1706: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. B EYER . 
ALLEN , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. N UNES , Mr. L UCAS , 
H.R. 1734: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. R OGERS of 
H.R. 1737: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
Mr. P AULSEN , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER . 
H.R. 1789: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Ms. J ACKSON  
H.R. 1832: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. W ELCH , and 
H.R. 1853: Ms. F OXX, Mr. C OOK, Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. P ERRY , and 
H.R. 1855: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Ms. T ITUS, 
H.R. 1919: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. R ICEof South 
Carolina, Mr. J ONES , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. M CCLINTOCK . 
H.R. 1932: Mr. P ITTS, Mr. B RADY of Texas, 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. F LORES , 
H.R. 1943: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. 
SARBANES , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
DOGGETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
CUELLAR , Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. P ELOSI , Mr. B RENDAN  
F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, and Ms. D ELAURO . 
H.R. 1981: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. H UNTER . 
H.R. 2017: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G UTHRIE , and 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. H.R. 2025: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mrs. C APPS . 
H.R. 2050: Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. P AYNE , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 2058: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
JONES , and Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina. 
H.R. 2061: Mr. J OYCE , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. B ARLETTA , 
Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. M URPHY of Florida. 
H.R. 2100: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. 
SMITH of Missouri, Mr. L ONG, Mr. L UETKE MEYER , and Mr. G RAVES of Missouri. 
H.R. 2156: Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. 
H.R. 2205: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 2215: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. B ISHOP  
H.R. 2226: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
H.R. 2233: Mr. A MASH , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. B UCK, Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
Carolina, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. 
H.R. 2272: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. M ASSIE , and Mr. T ONKO . 
H.R. 2274: Mr. N EALand Ms. D EGETTE . 
H.R. 2277: Ms. S PEIER and Mr. C OHEN . 
H.R. 2280: Mr. K INDand Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
MENG, Mr. C OOK, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 2300: Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Utah, Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 2302: Ms. M OORE , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
MAXINE WATERS of California, and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.J. Res. 51: Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. Y OUNG of 
H. Res. 54: Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H. Res. 261: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L OFGREN , 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2897 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2015 No. 74 