18, 2015, I was unable to vote on Roll Call 705. 
If I had been present, I would have supported H.R. 2029, the fiscal year 2016 omnibus spending legislation. 
I would have voted in favor of this legislation 
because it includes necessary funding to keep the government operating. It provides needed clarifications to ensure the work of the National Network for Manufacturing Innovation coordinates among existing manufacturing institutes and moves forward in the investment of new centers. Additionally it includes an increase, over 2015 enacted levels, of $2 billion for the National Institutes of Health and $132 million for the Food and Drug Administration. The legislation provides a $6.4 billion increase for veterans services and a onetime appropriation for international food aid. Finally, the AmeriCorps program will receive $368 million, which is a 15% increase over last year’s funding levels. 
and I am disappointed that the bill fails to lift the ban prohibiting the Centers for Disease Control from researching the impact of gun violence. 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for the continued normalization of relations with Cuba and ending the embargo. Today marks the one year anniversary since the historic announcement by President Obama that the Cold War relations between the U.S. and Cuba were officially coming to an end. 
and increase in travel, commerce, information flows, and research collaboration will improve 
the lives of both the Cuban and American people. In the past year we have seen remarkable progress. Cuba has been removed from the list of state sponsors of terror, so that the State Department can more appropriately focus its resources on countries and regions where counterterrorism efforts are critical. Embassies have been reopened in Washington and Havana. The Treasury and Commerce Departments continue to implement changes to make it easier to travel between our nations. 
relations between the United States and the Cuban people but more must be done. The trade embargo, in place since 1960, must come to an end. This misguided policy to pressure the Cuban government into democracy has clearly failed. The President has pursued normalization of relations to the greatest extent possible under the law. Now, Congress must act. 
generate up to $365 million in additional American goods and would help to create thousands of new jobs in the United States, according to a study by Texas A&M University. 
Last year on official visit to the island nation, 
I saw firsthand the innovative power of Cuban entrepreneurs, especially women who are opening small businesses, restaurants, and shops for the first time across the island. We can and should continue to build momentum for economic liberalization so that these women can access the tools and capital they need to expand and grow their enterprises. I am proud to be a founding member of the 
relaunched bipartisan Cuba Working Group steering committee. It is time to support the Cuban people and create jobs here in the United States. I urge action in this body to remove the embargo so that we can fully engage with our neighbors across the Straits of Florida. 
to congratulate the East Nicolaus High School Spartans for winning the Northern California championship, advancing to the CIF Division VIAA Championship Game to be played in San Diego on December 19, 2015. 
Under the leadership of Coach Travis Barker, this school of 250 students from Trowbridge in Sutter County will be making a road trip of over 500 miles to face a school four times their size. 
They may be underdogs in this championship game, but this team and these players are tough. They have proven their worth throughout the season. They are prepared and disciplined, and will represent Sutter County well. 
The Spartans have had an incredible season, and I wish them the best of luck in the championship game. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned sine die, pursuant to the provisions of H. Con. Res. 104, until 12 noon on Monday, January 4, 2016. Committee Meetings 
the provisions of H. Con. Res. 104. The House will meet in pro forma session at 12 noon on Monday, January 4, for the convening of the second session of the 114th Congress. 
No joint committee meetings were held. COMMITTEE MEETINGS FOR MONDAY, 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1342 December 31, 2015 
Program for Monday: Senate will meet in pro forma 
session and convene for the second session of the 114th Congress. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Program for Monday: The House will meet in pro 
forma session at 12 noon for the convening of the second session of the 114th Congress. 
Garamendi, John, Calif., E1847 Kennedy, Joseph P., III, Mass., E1847 