Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to note 
the upcoming Double Ten Day, the Republic of China’s (Taiwan’s) national day, and to extend my very best wishes to the people of Taiwan. 
has demonstrated its commitment to democracy and is one of Asia’s economic engines. Last year, Taiwan went from being our 12th largest trading partner to our 10th, a position it continues to hold in 2015. Taiwan transformed itself into a vibrant and lively democracy, contributing not only to the global economy, but also to global culture, the exchange of ideas, and the meeting of global challenges, from fighting Ebola to helping to combat ISIS. 
factor in the peace and security of the region, and I am proud of the role our country has played, through the Taiwan Relations Act, in making it possible for the people of Taiwan to build their strong, prosperous, and democratic society. Our relationship is as strong as ever, as I believe it will continue to be in the years and decades ahead. 
Taiwan will remain one of our most important partners in the AsiaPacific. As a friend of Taiwan, I wish its people a Happy Double Ten Day. 
COUNTY HEAD START PROGRAM ON THE OCCASION OF THE NATIONAL HEAD START ASSOCIATION’S 50TH ANNIVERSARY 
recognize the Franklin County Head Start Program on the 50th Anniversary of the National Head Start Association. 
1965, the Head Start Program has grown and developed into an innovative early childhood experience offered to children in over 1,500 communities, including those in Franklin County. Thanks to the Franklin County Head Start, countless children and their families in our area have been empowered to reach their full potential. 
aged children have participated in Head Start. The continued success of the Head Start Program has been made possible by the dedicated staff and community members like those in Franklin County, who have put an inspiring amount of work into growing and improving its positive impact. 
Head Start Association for achieving 50 years of service and to highlight the Franklin County Head Start Program for its commitment to improving the greater Chambersburg area. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE PLYMOUTH PHILHARMONIC ORCHESTRA 
recognize the Plymouth Philharmonic Orchestra’s contributions as a major cultural influence 
World War II, the Plymouth Philharmonic Orchestra is now playing its 100th season. This fully professional orchestra owes its humble beginnings to G. Herbert Clarke, a violin teacher from Kingston. Mr. Clarke served as both conductor and manager of the orchestra until his death in 1932. It was not until 1973 under the conductor and former Boston Symphony Orchestra violinist Victor Yampolsky that the orchestra was chartered as a non profit corporation and began its transition from an amateur to a fully professional orchestra. 
Affectionately known as the Phil, the Plymouth Philharmonic Orchestra has inspired America’s Hometown and the greater Massachusetts community with its commitment to artistic excellence and music education. It is dedicated to serving the wider community and expanding its repertoire to range from classical to popular music and familyoriented concerts. 
Theofanidis, a worldclass American symphonic composer, wrote a piece specifically for this occasion. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating the Plymouth Philharmonic Orchestra on its 100th anniversary. May this historic Massachusetts orchestra continue to flourish for another hundred years. 
CONCERN FOR CRITICAL NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE PROGRAMS UNDER A CONTINUING RESOLUTION 
rise today to express my concern that funding for critical national security space programs will be disrupted under a continuing resolution. 
capabilities for space protection, assured access to space, satellite communications and missile warning will weaken our national security and risk significant delays in development of these important missions. 
Force Space Command, recently stated that a continuing resolution would delay several new classified and unclassified programs aimed at U.S. space protection. 
pass a budget would delay the development of a new rocket propulsion system prototype intended to end our dependence on the Russianmade RD–180 rocket engine. 
by the absence of a fullyear appropriations bill for the Department of Defense, the Air Force is purportedly prepared to issue stop work orders on two essential satellite communications and missile warning programs under the Space Modernization Initiative (SMI). 
The overall SMI strategy is to invest in creating trade space for future decisions through investments to sustain or improve existing capabilities by exploring technology alternatives and architectures. These efforts ensure affordability, capability and resiliency of our space systems. 
(WFOV) testbed initiative supports affordability and risk reduction efforts for the nation’s critical overhead missile warning capability. 
ability for the WFOV initiative to support current data exploitation efforts and could delay a commercial launch opportunity. A stop work order under a CR places the WFOV effort and other SMI efforts at significant risk despite full support from the Senate Appropriations Committee for the program. 
has created uncertainty that endangers our national security space programs. 
Air Force to leverage the funding levels authorized by law under a continuing resolution to sustain development of these critical national security space systems. 
HONORING THE GESELL INSTITUTE OF CHILD DEVELOPMENT ON THE OCCASION OF ITS 65TH ANNIVERSARY 
great pleasure to rise today to join the New Haven community in extending my heartfelt congratulations to the Gesell Institute of Child Development as they celebrate their 65th Anniversary—a remarkable milestone for this wonderful organization! 
Dr. Arnold Gesell, a professor at Yale University at the turn of the 20th Century, was a pioneer in the study of early childhood development. Founder of what today is the nationally renowned Yale Child Study Center, he dedicated his life to studying the verbal, motor, social, emotional and cognitive growth of children. Perhaps best known for his use of the cinematographic technologies that were revolutionary for his time to document the developmental stages of 10,000 children, Dr. Gesell’s legacy is the extensive archive he created throughout his lifelong research that would later enable parents and teachers to better understand children’s ages and stages of development. 
educator, training physicians, nurses, and research scholars alike. In 1950 two of his former students and colleagues, Drs. Frances Ilg and Louise Bates Ames, along with Janet Learned, purchased two properties on Prospect Street in New Haven and opened a research institute and nursery school aimed at exploring child development through adolescence. Named in honor of their mentor and respected colleague, the Gesell Institute for Child Development was officially incorporated in March of 1950. In fact, Dr. Gesell served as a research consultant at the Institute until his death in 1961. 
the Gesell Institute has made several invaluable contributions to the field of child development. The Nursery School served as both a training ground for early childhood educators and pediatricians, as well as a basis for some of the earliest research and investigation into school readiness. Perhaps the most enduring of its contributions to the field is the development of Gesell Developmental Observation (GDO)—a comprehensive multidimensional assessment system that assists educators, and other professionals in understanding characteristics of child behavior in relation to typical growth patterns. One of Dr. Ilg’s most important legacies was the formation of the National Lecture Staff, a nationwide network of educators that, today, work together to provide a comprehensive program for staff professional development, inservice trainings, and workshops across the country on how to administer the newly updated Gesell Developmental ObservationRevised. 
continues to be one of the most respected institutions for child development in the nation. Serving as a resource for educators, parents and others as well as an advocate for our young people, it is an extraordinary organization whose work has touched countless lives and helped to shape how we look at childhood development. I am honored to have this opportunity to extend my sincere congratulations to everyone at the Gesell Institute as they mark this very special occasion. 
KITTLER ON HER INDUCTION INTO ST. BENEDICT PREPARATORY SCHOOL ALUMNI HALL OF FAME 
congratulate Mrs. Laurette Kittler, retired Drama Teacher, St. Benedict Preparatory School, on her induction into their Alumni Hall of Fame. 
Laurette Kittler not only taught several generations of St. Benedict High School students, but inspired them to be better people. In teaching drama, Mrs. Kittler was able to marry her love of theater with her love of teaching, and because of this she was able to bring a strong dedication to the classroom. Mrs. Kittler was always willing to put in the extra effort, staying after hours to help her students flourish. Mrs. Kittler played a big part in her students’ lives, instilling them with a dynamism and confidence that would help them succeed in their future undertakings. 
her classrooms were always full of passion and admiration. The hallmark of a great teacher is the lasting influence they leave on their students, and Mrs. Kittler’s legacy is one of distinction. Mrs. Kittler was described by her former students as, a ‘‘Guiding light’’, ‘‘a strong positive force’’, and ‘‘the best [teacher] I ever had’’. 
over stated, and so for her decades of service Mrs. Kittler will be inducted in to the St. Benedict’s Alumni Hall of Fame on October 24th. She will also have a scholarship set up in her honor that will be given out to a St. Benedict high school drama student. 
for her invaluable and exemplary leadership to the many students she has taught. I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Mrs. 
Kittler on an accomplished career and a well deserved honor. 
recognize Justice Shirley Abrahamson, former Chief Justice of the Wisconsin Supreme Court. After nearly four decades of service on the Wisconsin Supreme Court, Justice Abrahamson will be receiving the National Association of Women Judges’ Joan Dempsey Klein Award next week. This prestigious award honors members of the association who have ‘‘assisted women judges to become more proficient in their profession, helped to solve the legal, social and ethical problems associated with the judiciary, and worked to increase the number of women serving as judges.’’ 
Abrahamson was first appointed to the Wisconsin Supreme Court by Governor Patrick Lucey in 1976. She served as the only woman on the Court until 1993, and in 1996 she became the first female Chief Justice in Wisconsin history. In her time on the Court, Justice Abrahamson has been a true powerhouse, serving longer than any other justice in Wisconsin history and authoring over 450 majority opinions. Those who know her best describe her not only as tough as nails, but also as a deeply kind and compassionate person. 
Abrahamson has received countless honors. She serves as an elected fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and was elected by her peers as both President of the Conference of Chief Justices and Chair of the Board of Directors of the National Center of State Courts, a testament to her judicial acumen. Justice Abrahamson is a past president of the National Conference of Chief Justices and past chair of the board of directors of the National Center for State Courts. She also has served as chair of the National Institute of Justice’s National Commission on the Future of DNA Evidence. She is a member of the Council of the American Law Institute and the New York University School of Law Institute of Judicial Administration. 
Abrahamson was born Shirley Schlanger in New York City. She grew up across the street from her family’s grocery store, dreaming from the age of five of becoming a lawyer. After receiving her bachelor’s degree from New York University, she achieved this dream when she earned her J.D. with high distinction from Indiana University Law School in 1956, one of just two women in her class. She then moved to Madison, Wisconsin where she practiced law for 14 years and taught law at both the University of Wisconsin Madison and my alma mater, Marquette University. Over the course of her career, she has received 15 honorary Doctor of Law degrees as well as the Distinguished Alumni Award from UWMadison. Justice Abrahamson has been married to her husband Seymour for over fifty years, and they have one son, Daniel. 
Shirley Abrahamson and congratulate her for being this year’s recipient of the Joan Dempsey Klein Award. The citizens of the state of Wisconsin are privileged to have someone of her intellect and commitment to public service working on their behalf for so many years. Justice Abrahamson, I thank you for all that you have done. 
able to be present for a vote on September 10, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted: On Roll Call No. 491, I would have voted AYE. 
Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Brigadier General Harold H. Dunwoody, who passed away last month at the age of 96. 
of Randolph, New York. He graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1943 and served in the U.S. Army for 31 years. During his distinguished career, he fought in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. In recognition of his exemplary service to our country, General Dunwoody was awarded numerous medals and commendations, including the Purple Heart, Silver Star, and Distinguished Service Cross. 
has proudly served our country for generations. From the Revolutionary War to the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the Dunwoody family has fought to preserve our freedom in virtually every armed conflict in our nation’s history. This commitment to service was carried on by Mr. Dunwoody’s children: his daughter Ann Dunwoody became the first woman to achieve the rank of fourstar general in the United States military; his daughter Susan Schoeck became a helicopter pilot in the Army; his son Harold Dunwoody, Jr. graduated from West Point and achieved the rank of first lieutenant in the Army. 
serving our country. He leaves behind a proud legacy of military service, which will have a positive impact for generations to come. I ask all of my colleagues to join me in honoring and remembering the life of this great American. HONORING ALBERTUS MAGNUS 
Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great 
pleasure that I rise today to join the New Haven community in extending my heartfelt congratulations to President Julia McNamara and the entire Albertus Magnus family as they mark the 90th Anniversary of Albertus Magnus College. What a remarkable milestone for this outstanding institution of learning! 
Mary of the Springs, who are now known as the Dominican Sisters of Peace, purchased an estate in New Haven, Connecticut, in an effort to found a women’s college. A charter was signed on July 13, 1925 and the first classes were held on September 24th of that year. Named for St. Albert the Great—Albertus Magnus—the 13th century bishop, theologian and scholar described by a contemporary as a man ‘‘so superior in every science that he can fittingly be called the wonder and miracle of our time,’’ it was the first Catholic, liberal arts, residential college for women in New England and remained such for its first 60 years. 
Albertus, having served in that role since 1982, has guided the College through a myriad of transitions which have expanded the institution in countless ways. Albertus became coeducational in 1985 and today boasts an enrollment of 1,550 students. Albertus offers its students a widerange of programs and services. They currently have 550 students enrolled in the traditional undergraduate program; 720 in accelerated undergraduate programs for working adults; and 280 in graduate degree programs, including the only Master of Arts in Art Therapy degree in the state of Connecticut. At this past spring’s commencement ceremony Albertus Magnus College conferred 537 degrees. 
Magnus recognized the need for continuing education for working adults. They created a program called ‘‘Begin Again’’ for women who had started college but never completed a degree. In 1985 ‘‘Begin Again’’ became the inspiration for a broader, accelerated evening program serving working adults; evening programs expanded again in 1994 with the addition of businessfocused offerings. In 1992 Albertus offered its first graduate degree program: the Master of Arts in Liberal Studies; today there are 10 graduate programs, ranging from accounting to human services and criminal justice, from leadership to writing and education. The College has awarded 2,848 master’s degrees. Albertus is also dedicated to assisting our community’s veterans in their pursuit of higher education. A participant in the Post 9/11 G.I. Bill Yellow Ribbon Program, Albertus works closely with veterans to help them succeed in accelerated programs. There are Veterans Centers on the New Haven and East Hartford campuses and the Albertus Student Veterans Association is an approved chapter of Student Veterans of America. 
can claim the first woman named to the Federal bench in Connecticut; the first woman appointed to the trial court in Connecticut; an 
eightterm member of the United States House of Representatives, a Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services and a United States Ambassador to Ireland; the first woman vice president at Merrill Lynch; and a pioneering pediatric cardiologist whose research has saved countless young lives. On a personal note, I have fond memories of the year I spent teaching International Politics at Albertus—it was a learning experience for me as well as the students! 
Albertus Magnus College has helped thousands of students realize their dreams through higher education. By providing both traditional and nontraditional programs and services, Albertus has opened the doors of opportunity to their students and enabled them to pursue their career goals. I am honored to have this opportunity to stand to extend my heartfelt congratulations to Albertus Magnus College, President Julia McNamara, students, alumnae, faculty and staff as they mark this very special occasion. Happy 90th Anniversary and best wishes for many more years of success! 
IN HONOR OF LONE STAR COLLEGE MONTGOMERY’S 20 YEARS OF SERVICE 
to recognize Lone Star CollegeMontgomery for 20 years of turning today’s students into tomorrow’s leaders. From opening day in 1995, this Montgomery County college has been changing lives and enriching our community on its beautiful 210 acre campus amid the tall Texas pines. 
from 1991 when Conroe Independent School District voters approved joining the Lone Star College System. Enrollment for the inaugural fall 1995 semester was approximately 3,200 students. Today, the college is educating four times that number and growing. 
it even opened the doors of opportunity to students throughout Montgomery County. It began with the vision of community leaders like George Mitchell, Dan Hauser, Jon Weisner, Mary Matteson and a host of others who stood as champions, working to gain community support and ultimately the passage of the bond referendum to build the college. 
I had the privilege of working with local leaders to establish the Community College in Montgomery County and as a State Legislator secured $6 million to fund the startup of the campus. 
The commitment of higher education leaders such as former North Harris Community College Chancellor John Pickelman and Montgomery College founding President Dr. Bill Law saw the college through its construction at its current location—a crossroads of east and west, of north and south. 
Montgomery College presidents would continue to build upon the early legacy of the school. Dr. Tom Butler oversaw the addition of 
a new 72,000 square foot library and classroom building. New programs were added along with expansion of the school’s nursing program including a registered nurse program. 
Star CollegeMontgomery. The name had changed but the dedication to students continues. 
Dr. Austin Lane’s leadership saw the campus through continued rapid growth and its most significant expansion including three new campus buildings and construction of the Conroe Center. 
Today, under Dr. Rebecca Riley’s leadership, the college offers over 13,000 students the opportunity to pursue 40 different career programs as well as academic transfer classes in a variety of disciplines. On the Lone Star CollegeMontgomery campus, students can pursue bachelors, masters and specialized degrees that give them a start on a bright future. 
The past has been exciting, but the future is 
building and a stateoftheart lab building, expansion of the workforce programs space at LSCConroe Center, and a new satellite center in the rapidgrowth area of Magnolia point toward a bright future for LSCMontgomery. 
And I look forward to LSCMontgomery adding to its multiple honors including being named a ‘‘Showcase College’’ by the Consortium for Community College Development, a 
‘‘Best Practice’’ college by the MetLife Foundation, a ‘‘Hometown Hero’’ by The Woodlands Development Company and the prestigious ‘‘Drum Major Award’’ sponsored by the Martin Luther King, Jr. Commemorative Celebration. And finally, being named to the President’s Higher Education Community Service Honor Roll, the highest federal recognition a college can receive for its commitment to volunteering, servicelearning, and civic engagement. 
These achievements and more will be celebrated Saturday, October 3, 2015 as a new campus space is dedicated in Maverick Square. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 4 p.m., on Monday, October 5, 2015. Committee Meetings 
bills, H.R. 3681–3682; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 460, were introduced.
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Thornberry to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Guest Chaplain, Reverend Cara Spaccarelli, Christ Church, Washington, DC.
Commission on Care—Minority Leader Appointment: The Chair announced the Minority Leader’s 
reappointment of the following individual on the part of the House to the Commission on Care: Ms. Charlene Taylor, Elk Grove, California.
when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Monday, October 5th, and that the order of the House of January 6, 2015, regarding morninghour debate not apply on that day. 
                                                                                            Page H6792 Senate Message: Message received from the Senate 
by the Clerk and subsequently presented to the House today appear on page 6791. 
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
Adjournment: The House met at 1 p.m. and adjourned at 1:04 p.m. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD1050 October 2, 2015 
morning business (not to extend beyond one hour), Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of Dale A. Drozd, of California, to be United States District Judge for the Eastern District of California, with a vote on confirmation thereon, at approximately 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Program for Monday: House will meet in pro forma 
DeLauro, Rosa L., Conn., E1415, E1417, E1418 Jackson Lee, Sheila, Tex., E1415 Keating, William R., Mass., E1416 
Lieu, Ted, Calif., E1416 Moore, Gwen, Wisc., E1417 Neugebauer, Randy, Tex., E1418 Quigley, Mike, Ill., E1417 Reed, Tom, N.Y., E1418 
Ross, Dennis A., Fla., E1416 Shuster, Bill, Pa., E1416 