to the floor today to state my opposition to the $800 billion of unpaid tax extenders now being discussed in Congress. 
It is incomprehensible to me that Republicans and Democrats would entertain adding $800 billion to the $19 trillion debt that we already have, a debt 
that our children and grandchildren will end up having to pay. 
should be paid for in these tough times, so should every tax incentive. This is especially true when those incentives are being expanded beyond their original purpose and made permanent. 
having a more comprehensive discussion on tax policy and entitlement reform. We probably have too many tax breaks. We should broaden the tax base, frankly, and reduce our tax load. 
longterm debt and deficits. Adding this additional burden to the outof control debt we already have is absolutely destructive to our country’s future. 
Joint Chiefs of Staff said, the greatest threat to our Nation is not from abroad, but our national debt. 
every year in America, more than 20,000 babies are born addicted to drugs. Last year alone, nearly 1,000 of those babies were born in Maine. We can help these babies by passing H.R. 3865, the Cradle Act, of which I am proud to be an original cosponsor. 
are covered by Medicaid and treated at local hospitals; however, our hospitals are overwhelmed. They are not equipped to provide the specialized care that these babies desperately need to recover from the drugs in their tiny bodies. 
Residential pediatric recovery centers are designed and professionally staffed to provide this critically important early clinical care. These centers depend on Medicaid dollars to stay open, but need clear certification guidelines in order to receive those funds. The Cradle Act does that. 
Every baby born into this world deserves our compassion and care. This is an opportunity to help the most vulnerable among us. This bill offers real hope for a healthy, safe, and loving start for thousands of American babies born addicted to drugs. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
another mass shooting, another moment of silence. Actually, we will have to do two in a day or backtoback because of the shooting in Savannah, Georgia. That did not get the attention because 1 person died and 3 people were injured, not like in California, where 14 died and 17 were injured. 
You stood already this week for Colorado. I say ‘‘you’’ because I don’t do it any more. I can’t be hypocritical. You stand up, you sit down, you do nothing. 
so far this year, not to mention the many who have died alone and get no attention or no moment of silence. 
and do something? Just who has to die—your mother? your wife? your son? Or how many? We need to stand up, speak up, and take actions rather than another moment of silence. It is deafening, and it is killing us. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, next February, more than 700 students from Penn State University will come together for the university’s annual dance marathon, otherwise known as THON. This event is the culmination of a huge fundraising effort for the Four Diamonds Fund at Penn State Hershey Children’s Hospital, which is dedicated to fighting pediatric cancer. THON is the largest studentrun philanthropy in the world. 
Fifth Congressional District falls solidly within the territory of Pittsburgh’s sports teams, I want to commend the Philadelphia Flyers and the New Jersey Devils hockey teams. The proceeds from tickets purchased for either the Devils game on December 19 or the Flyers game on January 5 will go to benefit THON. Both games fall within Penn State’s winter break, allowing students to support this effort even when they are away from the university. 
THON the best of luck as they continue in this tremendous effort. They should be deeply proud of the role they are playing in striking a blow to pediatric cancer. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
came to talk about no harmful omnibus policy riders, and I hope to get to that point, but my thoughts and prayers go out to the people of San Bernardino, the victims, and the families who have been affected by this violence. Again, I hope that this violence wakes up the Congress to begin a really serious discussion about violence in America, by Americans, against Americans. 
In 8 days, we are going to find ourselves staring at a deadline to keep the Federal Government open. As negotiations are finalized, we need a clean spending bill, not one that is peppered with toxic policy riders. 
We do not need more attacks on environmental protections, Planned Parenthood, the Affordable Care Act, and financial regulations. These are unacceptable policy changes in an appropriations bill, and they are being threatened to be included. 
Mr. Speaker, in order for all of us to 
support this bill, I hope you have the courage to bring a clean bill to the floor. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today I want to pay tribute to a true pillar of our community, Pastor Joe E. Edwards. 
Edwards has served as pastor of the Church of God in Cartersville, Georgia; however, this Sunday, Joe Edwards will deliver his final sermon as senior pastor at The Church At Liberty Square, as he is retiring. Joe Edwards has been more than just 
a pastor. He has been a leader who has sought not only to preach the gospel of Christ inside the church, but put his faith into action throughout the community. 
While he has made numerous contributions to our community, his vision of unifying local churches to pray for local, State, and national leaders is fundamentally transforming the culture in our entire county. While he will be missed in the pulpit each Sunday, his legacy will live on through the thousands of lives he has touched. 
of Georgia’s 11th Congressional District and the United States House of Representatives, I commend Pastor Joe E. Edwards for a life of service to God, community, and country, and congratulate him as he moves on to a new chapter in his life. 
thank my colleagues for working across the aisle to prepare to pass the first longterm highway bill in more than a decade. 
For too long, Washington has governed from one manufactured crisis to another. This has hurt our economy by creating an environment of uncertainty for great manufacturers like Caterpillar, John Deere, UTC, and Woodward. 
worry when they cross a decrepit bridge on their way to the grocery store or take their kids to school. The men and women of labor who build our roads and bridges deserve this long overdue, jobcreating highway bill. And so do we. 
So, Mr. Speaker, I commend my colleagues for working together on this important issue. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to end their calls for shutdown and to work in a bipartisan manner to pass a funding measure without riders. 
of using lastminute Hail Mary votes to save us from one manufactured crisis after another, and it is taking our attention away from the list of things we need to get done—things like reforming our criminal justice system, addressing gun violence, or creating jobs. 
There is just 1 week left before funding runs out, and it looks like we are heading into yet another crisis. In the midst of growing threats to national 
of this equation. We need to take poison pills that threaten working American families off the negotiating table. 
to work to keep the government of the greatest nation in the world open, and I know my Democratic colleagues will as well. I hope every Member of this body is ready to do the same. 
San Bernardino and its families on their loss. I urge Congress to get moving on gun safety legislation. 
OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 546 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I confess to you, I usually use the time that the Reading Clerk is reading the rule to collect my thoughts and think about what the bill is before us today and how I am going to try to persuade my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ But we only got about 15 seconds of the Reading Clerk this morning because this rule is so straightforward and so simple. 
sit on the Rules Committee. I think we do good work up there. Good work is sometimes complicated work. Why is it that the rule is so short today? And the answer is because we are in conference 
report season, Mr. Speaker. We are in conference report season. 
in committee. We have already done the hard work on the floor. The Rules Committee has already done the hard work of sorting through dozens and dozens and dozens and dozens of amendments. The Senate has done the same hard work. 
And we are now here on the conclusion of that work, on the first long term transportation bill in more than a decade. 
Mr. Speaker, Democratic administrations, Democratic Presidents, Democratic Houses, Democratic Senates have failed to do what we are doing today. Republican administrations, Republican Presidents, Republican Houses, Republican Senates have failed to do what we are doing today. 
Speaker, I dare say my friend from Colorado didn’t get everything he wanted in this bill, I certainly didn’t get everything I wanted in this bill, but we are taking the first big step forward toward certainty for the American people on transportation that we have seen in more than a decade under both administrations. 
a standard rule for consideration of a conference report to accompany H.R. 22, the FAST Act, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act. 
I want to thank Chairman BILLSHUSTER for the way that he conducted 
this entire process. Mr. Speaker, I have the great pleasure of serving on his committee, and between his leadership, the ranking member’s leadership, Mr. DEFAZIO, we have crafted a bipartisan, 
I was privileged to serve on the conference committee, Mr. Speaker, that completed this work, and it worked the way conference committees are supposed to work, I guess, because, Mr. Speaker, it is the first conference committee I have been on. 
see things get to conference that often. I was a staffer around here, chief of staff, for a decade, never saw a conference committee from that perspective. 
Mr. Speaker, these things don’t happen that often. They should happen more. We considered a conference committee report on education yesterday. We are doing transportation today. I think we might be on to something. I think we might be on to something. It is called doing the long, hard work, Mr. Speaker. 
you have read about the transportation bill. I don’t know how much press is being paid to this bill. It has taken not days, not weeks, not even months, but years to bring folks together around this solution, and folks have worked incredibly hard to make that happen. 
regular order. This is the way it is supposed to happen. We are not supposed 
to have a bill airdropped into the House of Representatives, into the Senate under a takeitorleaveit circumstance. 
those days, those weeks, those months, and, yes, even years of discussion and debate and moving people together, finding that common ground, finding those solutions, moving it to a conference report at the end. And that is exactly what we have done here today. 
contains views from across this conference—Members from rural districts, Members from urban districts, Members from districts that focus on mass transportation, Members from districts that have incredible road needs. 
It covers folks from the West in singleMember States, singledistrict States, and folks from the East, with some of the highest population densities in the country. It is an amazing accomplishment to bring all of those folks together. 
I would tell you, Mr. Speaker, historically, that has been the way transportation has been. Transportation is not one of those issues that divides us as Republicans and Democrats or even from the East and West. It is one of those issues that brings people together. 
aren’t many—but it is one of those issues that we actually have a constitutional responsibility to perform. The Constitution does not ask much of this United States Congress when it comes to developing policy and practice domestically here in this country, but transportation is one of those issues. 
first longterm bill in more than a decade. That is absolutely true. Length is important all by itself; certainty in 
We passed a 2year transportation extension, Mr. Speaker. We put in the requirement to streamline some of the regulatory process. Here we are, more than 2 years later, and those regulations haven’t even come out yet. 
Building is a longterm process. Rulemaking, so that people can build, is a longterm process. 
Having longterm certainty is valuable in and of itself, but that is not just what this bill does. It focuses on the national highway freight network, Mr. Speaker. 
Between Washington, D.C., and Baltimore, for example, there are three major Federal arteries. We have the BaltimoreWashington Parkway running those 35 miles north. We have U.S. Route 1 running that distance. We have U.S. Interstate 95 running that distance. Those roads are never separated by more than about 4 miles. 
major Federal arteries running between two cities over a course of 35 miles, that is a debate that we can have. What the scope of Federal transportation funding should be is a debate 
that we can have, And, in this bill, we 
market. This is a bill about getting to your child’s soccer game on time. This is a bill about freeing up congestion on America’s roads and improving America’s mass transit in a way that you don’t miss the first pitch. But this is also a bill about moving freight to market. It is a bill about making America’s economy work. 
have a 20th century transportation system. We focus on those issues that have been left on the sidelines for far too long. We focus on bridges, Mr. Speaker. Bridges. It seems so simple. It is a transportation bill; there ought to be more that goes on than just roads and just buses. 
that chokepoint that so many of us have in our district. It turns out it is expensive to build a bridge. It is environmentally difficult to get the permits. It is an engineering marvel to put together some of the bridges that we have here today. 
our communities have not focused on the safety of existing infrastructure in ways that we all know our constituents demand. We make that investment in safety and security today. 
Federal regulation in this bill. There is not a man or woman on this floor who doesn’t believe that we have an obligation to protect this great Earth. There is not a man or woman on this floor who doesn’t believe that constructing in an environmentally sensitive manner is a priority for us all. 
But there is also not a man or woman 
on this floor who believes it ought to take 10 years to get a yesorno answer. There is not a man or woman on this floor that thinks it ought to take 8 years to get a yesorno answer. If the answer is no, the answer is no. But we deserve, our constituents deserve some certainty in that construction process. 
up delivery. We allow States, through a pilot program, Mr. Speaker, to begin to enforce some of these Federal mandates. In many cases, it is not the mandate itself that is the problem. It is the Federal bureaucracy that is overburdened and can’t come through on permitting. 
long as they abide by the Federal standards, to go ahead and implement those standards on their own so that they can prioritize the projects that are most important to them. 
important to all of our colleagues: We take some steps to get veterans back to work. This isn’t the first bill that has done that, of course. We have done bill after bill after bill after bill on this floor, Hire More Heroes most recently, to say, if the only thing standing between you and putting our veterans back to work is Federal regulation, we want to get Federal regulation out of 
the way. We build on that again in this bill, Mr. Speaker. 
driving schools in your district, but I can’t find a truckdriving school in my district that doesn’t have job offers waiting today for folks who sign up today. The demand is so great, Mr. Speaker, for folks to move goods to market. 
But we have limitations on who is eligible to drive trucks, and for good reasons. For good safety concern reasons, we don’t want folks 19, 20 years of age to be driving these heavy trucks. 
from Afghanistan, returning from Iraq, folks who have been trained by the finest training facility in all the world, the United States military, folks who have been trained in the skills required, the safety skills required, to move heavy equipment from one place to another. 
from serving us and are looking for work. If they were talented enough to serve us overseas, are they not talented enough to serve us here domestically? Of course they are. We take steps to 
that opportunity when I can come to the floor and tell you I got absolutely everything I wanted in absolutely every line of the bill. It has only been 4
1⁄2years for me; I haven’t had that opportunity yet. I am still hoping that opportunity comes. 
is that I came here to make a difference. I came here to move the ball forward. I came here to do the hard things, not the easy things. The easy things have already been done. 
longterm bill in more than a decade. It is because it is hard to do. And I take great pleasure and great pride, as a member of the Rules Committee, the Transportation Committee, and the conference committee, in bringing this rule to the floor today. 
can move to that conference report, and we can deliver for America what has been undeliverable for more than a decade. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the 
gentleman for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, who we will be hearing from shortly, for their diligence in developing a thoughtful, longterm, sustainably funded surface transportation compromise that really has many of the priorities that Republicans and Democrats brought to the table. 
this is an example of what we call regular order of a conference committee. 
from Georgia, what was the vote on the conference committee on this final 
yielding. It was a unanimous approval of this provision. 
did even better than the education conference committee. We were 39–1. There was actually one person on that conference committee who didn’t support it. What a great job that you and your colleagues did. 
had to serve on a conference committee; my friend from Georgia, his first chance during his time in Congress to do it. 
When the American people hear, oh, conference committee, that sounds procedural. Yet another committee; what does that mean? But the product of these committees are substantial bills. 
Part of the problem here in this institution is that it is a bicameral legislature, and the House and the Senate don’t talk to each other enough. The formal way they talk to one another is through a conference committee. What that means is there are Senators and Representatives on the same committee working on the same bill, rather than what happens too often around here where the House passes one bill and the Senate, if they pass a bill at all, passes a very different bill, and never the twain shall meet. Mr. Speaker, thanks to this procedural conference committee, the differences between the House and the Senate have been worked out. 
So we were on the education bill yesterday. The Senate will likely consider that exact same bill next week, which means it will likely go to President Obama’s desk before Christmas. This transportation bill the House considers today, I don’t know the Senate’s schedule, but hopefully in the next week or two they will consider this exact same bill, and hopefully it will go to President Obama’s desk. 
the Rules Committee yesterday. My goodness, usually when the Rules Committee meets, those are contentious meetings. We have a lot of amendments from Democrats and Republicans that want to have their voice heard. But on a final conference report, it went pretty quickly, and members of our committee on both sides of the aisle had a lot of praise for the chair and the ranking member of the committee that had worked tirelessly to put this deal together. 
The Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act—they came up with a clever acronym, FAST. That works well, right? Transportation, fast, we all want to go fast, not too fast. The act commits $305 billion over a 5year period towards improving our Nation’s 
railways. This is something that Republicans and Democrats both agree is the job of government. Transportation, infrastructure, and making sure people can get from one place to another is one of the most critical roles that our government plays. 
spending on highways by $2.1 billion. By the final year, the funding levels will reach $6.1 billion in addition to current investment. It also raises transit funding from $8.6 billion to almost $10.6 billion by 2020. 
It establishes a Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects program that helps focus our attention on projects that increase the competitiveness of American goods and services by expanding and improving upon heavily trafficked freight routes. Two that affect us in Colorado—very near and dear to my district—are highway 25, from Denver to Wyoming, and highway 70, from Denver to Salt Lake City, which we were able to successfully include an amendment in the House version, which I am proud to say is also reflected in this conference report. 
Mr. Speaker, these Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects open the door to economic development, improve the flow of goods across our great country, increase the quality of life for residents, ease congestion and safety concerns, and, along our particular corridors, are to the benefit of tourism and the tourism industry as well. 
This bill helps leverage private investment in our surface transportation program by promoting the use of publicprivate partnerships which simply have become a reality for many infrastructure projects today like those used to expand highway 36 from Denver to Boulder, which I drive on most days that I am back home in Colorado. 
The FAST Act encourages installation of vehicletovehicle and vehicle toinfrastructure equipment—which the Colorado Department of Transportation has been at the cutting edge of designing and implementing—to improve congestion, ensure passenger safety, and really help create a 21st century infrastructure. This bill helps increase dedicated bus funding by 89 percent over the life of the bill, a change that was direly needed after the last highway authorization. 
The FAST Act maintains local flexibility for STP Metro funding, allows governments to dictate what is best for our communities, and leaves the door open for complex transportation infrastructure projects like the northeast line of the Denver Regional Transportation District’s FasTrack system, which our voters approved a decade ago. 
to determine an impairment standard for drivers under the influence of marijuana, something that I introduced a bill on and have been working hard on to increase the safety of driving in States where marijuana is legalized, 
This bill increases funding for highway railway grade crossings and requires operators to report the movements of hazardous materials along railroads, many of which, again, traverse my district. In Fort Collins, in Loveland, and in Longmont, where trains run through the downtown every day, these types of commonsense safety measures are desperately needed and welcomed. 
The bill includes reforms to the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing loan program—a loan that can be used to divert cumbersome traffic out of the middle of our downtown areas like in Fort Collins—to ensure speedy approval. 
The policy changes are thoughtful and progressive. The funding levels authorized are an improvement upon those of the past. The financing sources we tap, while not ideal, are workable. 
Now, it is always fair to say in any 
compromise that we could have done better. There are a few things I am disappointed that this bill doesn’t contain. 
We were on the edge of cutting a deal 
that would have included international tax reform that would have brought American wealth home, used the taxes gained to fund transportation and infrastructure restoration projects nationwide, and prevented the offshoring of corporations, which we continue to see. 
introduced a bill with my friend, Representative DELANEY , that would have 
deemed repatriation at 8.75 percent to fund both a 6year highway bill at increased funding levels and create a new, national infrastructure bank. Combining international tax reform— desperately needed in its own right— with bold and robust infrastructure investment is a forwardthinking, problemsolving solution and exactly the type of move that I wish—and the American people wish—that Congress could have made. 
Our failure to come to a deal on the 
repatriation of overseas wealth has, unfortunately, robbed the American people of hundreds of billions of dollars in public investment and continues to abandon the $2 trillion in overseas earnings that could have been brought home. 
incentive that American companies have to merge with overseas corporations or relocate their own headquarters overseas to avoid paying American taxes. We came close—we came close—to addressing this in this bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge Congress to address international tax reform as soon possible to prevent the continuing offshoring of companies and the moving of jobs overseas, as well as to ensure that over $2 trillion in overseas earnings can be invested here in America rather than face an enormous tax 
penalty if it is brought back, thereby preventing it from being brought back and providing an incentive for companies to invest in overseas growth and infrastructure rather than investing in infrastructure and growth here at home. 
corporate tax reform is not my only challenge in supporting this bill. There were certainly other programs that I believe we could have invested in, like improving even more the TIFIA investment which funds important projects like those needed along highways 70 and 25 in my district. I would have liked to have seen a direct funding stream tied to improvement and maintenance projects along designated highpriority corridors. 
seen the plight of communities with rail running through their downtowns addressed in the bill, an issue very near and dear to the cities in my district, cities like Fort Collins, Loveland, and Longmont, which are changed entirely by constant disruption of train horns and road blockages through our busy downtown areas. 
communities, on top of the disturbance to residents’ quality of life, isn’t something that we can continue to sit by and do nothing about. We are going to work with every bit of flexibility in the bill. We continue to work with the department on less expensive implementation of quiet zones and of trying to reopen the rulemaking around train horns, which we expect to happen shortly, but there is no specific statutory fix to that issue in this bill itself. 
So while I support this bill and commend the effort and the regular order that led to us getting here, we still need to look at what we can do. We see this bill as a floor, not a ceiling. There is even more we can do to bring our transportation infrastructure into the 21st century, to ensure its funding source is reliable and sustained, to repatriate overseas earnings and invest them here at home, and to eliminate an incentive for American companies to move overseas. 
agree that passage of this bill doesn’t mean that we retire from presenting new, thoughtful ideas to improve our Federal highway system. I hope that Republicans and Democrats will continue to partner to address and solve some of these issues that I have raised that are not included in this bill. 
myself 30 seconds to tell my friend how much I appreciate what he had to say about international tax reform and what our opportunities are to grow America rather than grow our competitors abroad and to say there are a lot of different provisions in this bill. The Transportation Committee was unanimous in its support of this bill, as were 
were involved in the conference, but there were a few stragglers out there on some of the extraneous provisions that were placed in here. 
minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. RIBBLE ), a member of the 
freshman class of 2010 and a member of the Transportation Committee. 
Mr. Speaker, once again, the Congress has offered Members the classic Sophie’s choice. Either vote ‘‘no’’ on the transportation bill and guarantee no reforms to road and bridge building happen, or vote ‘‘yes’’ and get reforms necessary to save money and streamline construction, but do it without actually paying for it and keep racking up the national debt. 
sure to rush to the floor in the next few hours to pat themselves on the back for accomplishing this marvelous, transformational highway bill, we should not be popping champagne. There is no backslapping deserved. 
that in many ways the policy related to surface transportation takes a significant step forward, I am deeply discouraged by the phony payfors. 
debate on this legislation, you and the American people are going to hear repeatedly that this bill is fully offset and fully paid for, essentially that new revenue and savings will keep the cost of this bill from adding to our national debt. This is, plain and simple, not the case. Most of the offsets are from general fund transfers. 
Now, it would take a magician of miraculous skill to transfer money out of a fund that has a negative balance of $400 billion. If, in fact, there is money to transfer from an empty fund, I might suggest that we instead try to make the fund a bit less empty instead of transferring it to more spending. 
But I digress. Let’s take a look at the 
is selling off oil that is currently owned by the American people in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. While you are stewarding the American people’s money, you are supposed to buy low and sell high, not the other way around. Not only are we selling off a public asset at near record low prices, we are also counting on getting over double the current market price in order to make all the math work. If you can find a buyer to pay $94 per barrel for oil, like the authors claim, while the market price is $41, I have got a bridge to nowhere to sell you. 
Another phony offset is hiring aggressive private contractors to go after people who are delinquent on their Federal taxes. Now, listen, I am all for collecting all outstanding taxes. But what does that have to do with road building? If, in fact, we can collect an additional $2.5 billion by doing this, shouldn’t that money be put against 
revenue amount over 10 years when the highway bill is only for 5 years? What is going to happen in year 6? Will all the road building the country needs be completed by then? Are there not any other roads going to need to be built in year 6? Are we not, then, just going to have to borrow even more money? 
very reasonable point that taxes must be indexed to inflation to keep from losing value every year. I found this quite ironic. That makes total sense. So it is applied to the gas tax; right? Wrong. 
phony payfor. The bill’s authors didn’t have the political courage to deal with user fees for drivers, but instead are indexing taxes collected by the U.S. Customs Service. Now, that is really ironic, but that tax is easy to hide from constituents. Now Americans returning from overseas will pay more for them in taxes to pave our roads while people who use the roads simply look on and smile. 
There are modifications to royalty payments. Wow, that has got everything to do with roads. Or how about denying passports to those who have unpaid taxes? This is allegedly going to raise $350 million. Of course, that has nothing to do with roads, and, in fact, may not even be possible without all kinds of court trials and cases. 
my frustration. At the end of the day, this bill will pass, the President will sign it, and while everyone is patting themselves on the back for passing a longterm solution, we are going to continue to pile debt on our grandchildren. 
this right. We streamlined the process to get roads built faster saving taxpayer dollars. We have returned more decisionmaking back to the States, and we have reduced the bureaucracy and red tape around transportation construction. 
Colorado and the gentleman from Georgia have eloquently explained some of the benefits of the piece of legislation. These are valuable and not insignificant reforms. It is because of these reforms that I am going to reluctantly support this bill in spite of these phony, godawful payfors. Here is why: I realize that if this bill does not pass, what we will get instead is another extension of current policy and more borrowing, because that is what the Congress has done since I have been here. 
Sophie’s choice I mentioned at the beginning of my conversation here. To get the good, I must accept the bad; to reject the bad, I must reject the good. If only this body, this Congress, had the political courage to tell the American people a simple truth: if something is worth buying, it is worth paying for. Taxing tomorrow should not replace living within our means today. It hurts future generations, and I am profoundly disappointed. We can and should do better for the people who sent us here to speak for them. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds before I further yield. 
from the gentleman from Wisconsin. I think, when you pick apart a lot of the ways that this bill is paid for, you will find that they either won’t generate the amount of revenue we think they will or you are borrowing from the outyears, meaning years 5 through 10, to effectively fund years 1 through 5. I know a lot of Members on both sides of the aisle will weigh that in their vote. I wish that the committee could have done better in finding payfors. 
I would like to briefly address the national petroleum reserve. I think it is great that Democrats and Republicans are coming together around selling assets the Federal Government has that are nonproductive assets, like the petroleum reserve that was set up for a time when America relied on foreign oil. We are now net producers of crude oil. 
not allowed for the energy bill yesterday to sell down the entire strategic petroleum reserve, which I think we should. However, the accounting for it in this bill shows us magically receiving twice the value per barrel for the price of oil than the futures market actually indicates that we would get. That is simply fictitious accounting in terms of how this bill is paid for. 
am inclined to yield 5 more minutes to my friend from Wisconsin because I strongly, strongly agree with the framework that he advanced. 
with a simple suggestion that we index the gas tax and move forward with paying for our future. It is, I think, an interesting question if we had followed regular order dealing with transportation funding, if we would have had a hearing that would have had the President of the AFL–CIO, had the President of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, truckers, AAA, legislators from seven red Republican States that have raised the gas tax and the sky didn’t fall come forward and talk to Congress about what would make a difference. 
shouldn’t be borrowing from the future, that we should rightsize this, not playing budget games, and be able to have the most effective way to create millions of family wage jobs and show that we can do our job the same way that was led by President Eisenhower and President Reagan. 
That said, I think this bill does represent an important step forward because there was some regular order followed by the committee. I take my hat off to Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking 
way through a variety of contentious issues and brought forward a piece of legislation that provides modest, but important, increases in our funding programs. 
some improvements streamlining the process. It protects transit, safety, pedestrian, cycling programs, and a higher speed passenger rail. It speaks to a multiplicity of interests that Americans care deeply about. 
It has embedded in it areas of innovation to encourage us to use technology to be able to improve the transportation system. I think there is no question that this is a new frontier, that 10 years from now we will not recognize much of what happens in the transportation space. 
out of our transportation system. We will be able to stretch dollars and unleash a great deal of innovation and activity. This legislation encourages that. 
I think we should index and raise the gas tax to actually adequately fund a robust bill, I think it is important for us to get rid of the gas tax and replace it with something that is sustainable over time. 
provisions that will enable States to experiment with pilot projects like we have had in Oregon for the last 10 years for a fee that is based on road use, that would be sustainable, that would be fair, that actually could be adjusted in ways to help rural and smalltown America and be able to give greater access to transportation in a more efficient fashion. 
will use the 5 years of stability, ending the saga of 35 shortterm extensions because we wouldn’t face the funding question. 
I am hopeful that we will use these 5 
years to be able to refine some of the improvements that are in it and to be able to directly face the question of whether or not we are going to pay for our transportation future, that we won’t use gimmicks, that we will use the triedandtrue user fee and replace the gas tax with something that is better and more sustainable. 
It is time to start building that foundation now. It is not just more money, 
but it is transforming how the transportation systems work. I think this bill gives us leverage to move forward on that. Rebuilding and renewing America is a nonpartisan issue. It is an issue that can actually bring us together while we make our communities more livable, our families safer, healthier, and more economically secure. 
work at family wage jobs that will improve the quality of life for communities from coast to coast. This bill is a step in that direction. But it is only going to work if we accept our responsibilities to properly fund it, to face the future, and accept responsibility to do our job right. I hope we will. 
myself such time as I may consume to not just celebrate the successes that we are having today, but to associate myself with my colleagues who say the next round of hard work begins tomorrow. 
funding payfors that we have in this bill. It is not a lack of political courage. I have colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have courage to spare. It is a lack of trust. 
send me a dollar’s worth of taxes and get 50 cents worth of road out of it, they say: ROB, what is the deal? 
bill grows that trust. The elimination of duplication, the focus on national priorities instead of pet projects, on and on and on, builds that trust. 
the next highway bill, not at the end of a highway bill cycle. There is a lot of work for each and every one of us to do in a bipartisan way to go out and build that trust. 
Oregon said: We are going to squeeze a lot of efficiency out of our transportation system. 
The innovation title in this bill is absolutely going to allow us to do more with less, which is precisely why constituents are worried about an indexed gas tax that puts transportation spending on autopilot, because all of our experience is, if you raise it, someone will spend it. 
Balancing efficiency with productivity is a challenge that we all face that begins with trust generated back home, Mr. Speaker. My great hope is that the reforms in this bill, combined with the reforms in MAP–21, combined by the leadership that States and localities are taking with their own revenue bases, are going to create that trust for a generation to come. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 
this morning, I commend those who have worked so hard on this bill. But, like them, I, too, have reservations about the final product. 
It continues to underfund our Nation’s infrastructure and it relies on unsustainable revenue sources and budgetary musical chairs; yet, it does include some policy provisions that I believe will result in better project development and delivery. 
Vegas Valley, a region that is home to over 2 million people. We receive and enjoy the visits of over 43 million people from around the world annually. Having a transportation system to safely and efficiently move these people and products around is vital to our economic success. 
final report includes a number of provisions that I advocated for, including language to ensure our States and MPOs consider the needs of the traveling public when developing their longterm transportation plans. 
travel and tourism advisory committee comprised of stakeholders from across the industry to develop a plan to identify and invest in infrastructure and operational improvements along the most important travel corridors. 
language I submitted that will extend the authorization for the development of Interstate 11, a major regional project in the Southwest. 
Lastly, the conference report includes provisions I advocated for in the committee to make our roadways safer for all users, not just cars and trucks, but pedestrians and cyclists who have seen increased accidents and fatalities in recent years. 
For these reasons that affect my district and the rest of the country and for others that have been mentioned, I think the bill deserves support. While it is not perfect, it is a step in the right direction. 
For that reason, I will vote for it. I 
myself such time as I may consume to say I think my friend from Nevada missed one of those great successes that she had—I will call it the Rodney DavisDina Titus amendment—to make sure that localities have even more control over their spending decisions. 
Speaker, where folks didn’t get everything they wanted, but because folks were in there advocating for their constituents throughout the entire process, we ended up further down the road today than we would have been yesterday but for the DavisTitus team pushing forward on that language. 
and that is what regular order gets us. It is so frustrating. I feel like I am in a room full of racehorses here trying to wait for the doors to open. The gates have just come open, and we all want to get to the finish line. 
commitments about bringing more involvement and individual Member participation in the process. That is new to this institution in many ways, Mr. Speaker, but it is not new to the Transportation Committee. It is not new to the work that you and I have been doing on the committee for these past many months. That is why this bill is worthy of the support of so many of our colleagues. 
I can go through a similar list as my 
Folks who are in the tourism industry know more about tourism than those of us who are not, as do folks who are in the visitor industry, folks who are in the construction industry, folks who are in the concrete industry, on and on and on. 
process up, you end up with fewer folks with political agendas at the table. You end up with more folks with practical agendas at the table. When you open the process up, you don’t end up with politicians looking for their own piece of the pie. You end up with the public sharing their expertise and their experience. That is how you end up with a bill like the FAST Act today. 
pleasure for me to serve on the Transportation Committee with folks like the gentlewoman from Nevada, like the gentleman from Illinois, to be able to have a common goal—very different approaches on how you want to achieve that goal, very different constituencies pushing you towards that goal—but to know that, if you put in the time and if you put in the hours, you will get a result. 
So often in this Chamber, Mr. Speaker, it seems like we are tilting at windmills. When I joined the Transportation Committee, I knew that we were not going to be tilting at windmills. We were going to be slaying a dragon. This bill slays that dragon today. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
I am pleased to be here as a conferee 
to the conference that worked to resolve the difference between the House and Senate versions on the surface transportation reauthorization. 
their committees and personal staff for all the work that was put in to get us to this 5year authorization. 
falling apart. I am glad that we are going to be sending the President a longterm authorization this week. Making our infrastructure work and work for us smarter is really critical. 
The bill does a lot to support research, development, and the deployment of transportation technology. 
I am pleased with the overall research title, including specific investments in hazardous materials, R&D, and traffic congestion mitigation, but I do have a couple of concerns with oversight. 
The Intelligent Transportation Systems Joint Program Office was moved out of the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Research and Technology and into the Federal Highway Administration. We have to be vigilant that this move doesn’t undermine the 
A new deployment program was funded through a large tax on existing R&D programs. While I support the deployment program, we shouldn’t lose sight of the fact that today’s R&D investments enable tomorrow’s new deployment opportunities. So we shouldn’t be shortsighted. 
It is a bipartisan, bicameral, longterm authorization to fund highway transit, highway safety, motor carrier safety, hazardous material safety, and even passenger rail programs and projects. 
Let me be clear. It is not the bill I 
would have written, and it is definitely not perfect, including some of the problematic payfors that have been discussed today. But it will provide certainty, invest in America’s infrastructure, and create goodpaying American jobs. 
The bill is funded at the higher Senateapproved level, which is important. 
I am happy to have worked in a bipartisan fashion with my colleagues on the floor and in committee to make a difference in people’s lives. 
In our region, our Senators, Representatives NORTON and C OMSTOCK , 
and I have provided new and direct Federal oversight of the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit Authority. 
We have also worked to include transitoriented development eligibility in TIFIA. Yes, this would mean that many of the transitoriented projects across the Nation, in the metropolitan Washington region, and in my county, Prince George’s County, along the Green Line, will now be able to qualify for Federal financing because most transitoriented development infrastructure projects are less than the $50 million threshold that TIFIA currently requires. 
were able to restore funding for the High Density States program that will allow transit systems in these States to maintain jobs, service, and service frequency and continue to help those who rely on public transportation. 
have to enact a bill that will construct and rebuild our road, bridge, transit, and rail infrastructure that creates jobs here at home and enables the United States to compete internationally in the 21st century. 
stop here. Let’s continue to work in this fashion to rebuild America’s infrastructure. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE WATERS ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
of obstruction by a vocal, ideologically driven minority that led to a 5month 
shutdown of the ExportImport Bank, I could not be more pleased to rise and speak in strong support of the provision in the conference report that would finally put the ExIm Bank back in the business of supporting U.S. jobs. 
listened to the stories of countless users of the ExIm Bank, both in my district and across the country, I can tell you without a doubt that the 4 year reauthorization of the Bank in this conference report is absolutely necessary and essential to ensure that U.S. businesses, both large and small, can operate and survive in the global marketplace. 
in California, to the many potential job losses across this country, to offers from our foreign competitors that have urged American exporters to take their operations to Canada or overseas to Europe and China, there is no question that the shutdown of the ExIm Bank has done great damage. 
FINCHER and L UCAS , we showed that a 
determined majority of Democrats and Republicans who work together will ultimately prevail. 
It is time to put an end to this wholly destructive and entirely unnecessary period that has caused us so much pain and fear and hopelessness for so many businesses and workers across this country whose livelihoods rely on the ExIm Bank. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
volunteer service of Major Fredric Arnold, a World War II P–38 fighter pilot in the Army Air Corps. 
Mr. Arnold flew and survived 50 combat missions and was promoted to the rank of major at the age of 23. He received numerous medals, including the Distinguished Flying Cross and Air Medal with nine oak leaf clusters. 
Safety, he wrote and illustrated the first ever flight training manuals for the P–38, P–47, P–51, and P–80 fighter aircraft, and he created educational air combat situation drawings for the P–38 Lightning, which saved the lives of inexperienced American pilots. 
Boulder, Colorado, where he is creating a monumental bronze sculpture, funded by The Radiance Foundation, which depicts 12 lifesized fighter pilots who are engaged in a World War II flight briefing, in order to honor the 88,000 airmen who lost their lives during the war and to ensure future generations remember the sacrifices that were made to protect our freedom. 
Forget: The Mission,’’ and it will be exhibited at the World War II Museum in New Orleans, Louisiana. 
Fredric Arnold for his service as a fighter pilot and for his personal commitment to honor and help us all remember the aviators who served this Nation during World War II. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I would 
ask my friend from Colorado if he has any other speakers remaining. 
Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would close the loophole that allows suspected terrorists to legally buy guns. This bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the terrorist watch list. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, a third of 
our Nation’s major roads are rated as poor or mediocre, and one in four bridges is in need of significant repair or expansion, many of them dangerous, while 45 percent of Americans don’t have access to public transit. 
Congestion on our roadways has gotten so bad that Americans are wasting an average of 8.4 billion hours—that is 8.4 billion hours less in productivity— and 4.5 billion gallons of gas over a decade while being stuck in traffic. 
nearly $800 of their own money and 5 full days of their lives each year in traffic. In my district alone, population and congestion has far outpaced our ability to maintain our critical thoroughfares. 
you will know that there is one way up to our worldclass ski resorts and ski areas and unparalleled 14,000foot peaks from the Denver metro area. It is called highway 70. If you have ever taken it on a Friday evening or on a Sunday evening, you have probably sat in your car at a dead stop, waiting at times perhaps even for hours. 
city in my district, Fort Collins, home to one of our greatest universities, Colorado State University, you have probably found similar circumstances along highway 25 during rush hour. 
highspeed rail along highway 70 have been given completion dates of 60 years from now. That isn’t good enough. Fort Collins, Loveland, Boulder, Vail, Frisco, Breckenridge—none of these tourism and recreationdriven communities can survive without making improvements for 60 years. The future of these projects lies with 
a longterm, robustly funded surface transportation reauthorization. Our future depends upon our States’ and municipalities’ ability to rely on what level of Federal support they can expect to receive and what their Federal partnerships will look like year in and year out. 
levels and a severalyear commitment to critical infrastructure projects, as we do today in this conference report, we open up a future for major highway improvements like those needed with highways 25 and 70 in my district and with highways and roads across the entire Nation. 
misgivings I have with this bill—and I certainly agree with Mr. RIBBLE about 
the lack of courage this Congress has to actually pay for a bill and to instead devise clever gimmicks that only partially pay for the bill, including assuming that we are going to get twice the money per barrel for oil that the Federal Government owns and the actual market price would bear—I think that this bill, nevertheless, is a step forward over continued shortterm reauthorizations, which I have been voting against the last several times they have come before us and which, I should point out, also generally include gimmicky ways of paying for it. 
have done, has chosen not to address the real issue of how to pay for something and has chosen to instead use gimmicks, it is still better to do that in a predictable manner rather than to come up with a new gimmick every 60 days—a gimmick of the month, if you will—which is what this Congress has been doing throughout this year. 
I thank my colleagues for the inclusion of my amendments in this bill, particularly an amendment to designate Highway 70 from Denver to Salt Lake City as a High Priority Corridor. That provision will open up funding sources and opportunities for a highway that has been a nightmare for residents, for tourists, and for freight truck drivers for decades, particularly during its busiest times. 
to be transparent and receptive to ideas brought by Members who don’t serve on the committee. 
here this week, as my colleague from Georgia started out by saying, not only with the surface transportation reauthorization but also with the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, is only a beginning—a beginning of big things, of good things, of hard compromises, of the success of regular order, of discussions between the House and the Senate that will hopefully bode well for future developments. 
I am hopeful that we can get back to 
work after a long hiatus of gridlock and grandstanding. I hope this is the first of many. I congratulate my colleagues for 
coming together on such a pivotal piece of legislation. 
work has gone into this bill—not days, not weeks, not months, but even years in trying to get here. 
I want to say what I said when I 
began, which is, when Democrats controlled every single lever of government, they could not get a bill like this done. When Republicans controlled every single lever of government, we failed to get a bill like this done. Today, with the leadership of BILL 
SHUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO, we are getting that done. 
level. And I want to associate all of the hard staff work that goes into making something like this happen, Mr. Speaker. Chris Bertram, our staff director over on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Matt Sturges, our deputy staff director over on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee; Collin, Geoff, Murphie on my own staff, Alex Poirot—folks who have put in hour after hour after hour, right through the Thanksgiving holiday, making sure that America’s priorities get done. 
much hard work it takes; they care that we put in the hard work. And this is an example of that success today. 
Mr. Speaker, so often, I hear my colleagues say, ‘‘If I had written this bill myself, it would have been different.’’ Generally, when I hear my colleagues on the other side of aisle say, ‘‘If I had written this bill it would be different,’’ I think, ‘‘Thank goodness you didn’t write this bill.’’ I have no doubt that they think the same thing when I say that. 
want, but we rarely have an opportunity to come together and be as successful as we are today. 
longterm transportation bill for the first time in more than a decade is my yielding back the balance of my time. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 546 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. All points of order against provisions in the bill are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. If the Committee of the Whole rises and reports that it has come to no resolution on the bill, then on the next legislative day the House shall, immediately after the third daily order of business under clause 1 of rule XIV, resolve into the Committee of the Whole for further consideration of the bill. 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule ....  because the majority Member 
controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee 
on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 179, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham 
Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman 
Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 384, noes 40, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman 
Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster 
Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McDermott McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert 
Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions 
Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Castro (TX) Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Crowley Delaney Edwards Fudge Graham Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Kennedy Lieu, Ted McCollum McGovern McNerney Moore Neal Pallone Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Rangel Ruiz 
Schakowsky Slaughter Speier Thompson (MS) Tonko Van Hollen Veasey Vela´zquez 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Messrs. CUMMINGS, ASHFORD, BRAT, MOULTON, and BUTTERFIELD changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
HULTGREN ). Pursuant to House Resolution 542 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, with Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois (Acting Chair) in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Wednesday, December 2, 2015, amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 114–359 offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ) had been disposed 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–359 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
the minimum time for any electronic vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 252, noes 170, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta 
Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) 
Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) 
Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 247, noes 177, not voting 9, as follows: 
Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pingree Pittenger Pitts 
Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin 
Adams Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 181, noes 243, not voting 9, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meehan Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree 
Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) 
Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson 
Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler 
Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul 
McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe 
Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart 
Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WOMACK ) having assumed the chair, 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 542, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 8 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
consensus that climate change is real, United States energy policy should seek to remove market barriers that inhibit the development of renewable energy infrastructure. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
motion represents an opportunity for Members of this House to acknowledge that climate damage is a threat, and that we have a moral obligation to fight it, an opportunity for Members to bring themselves into line with the overwhelming weight of scientific research and authority, bring themselves into line with a huge and growing mass of American corporations that have acknowledged climate damage, and have taken green energy pledges. 
bring themselves into line with over 200 other nations that are gathering, even as we speak, in France, people who are baffled that responsible adults in elected positions in our Nation continue to deny what is reality. 
to avoid a danger, a danger that their pollsters and their party leaders and their political advisers have failed to warn them about, and that is the danger of the judgment of history. 
are watching. In fact, they are already judging our actions. Our young people in this Nation understand that they are the ones who will pay dearly for the politics that has taken over this issue, the politics that lead this Congress to inaction, despite the outcry from the scientific and worldwide community that we must act before it is too late. 
Mr. Speaker, I am not here to condemn Members for initial hesitation on climate damage. Who am I to judge? After all, as humans, when we discover a threat, at first it is reasonable and natural for us to question or attempt to deny that the threat is real, especially when it is the kind of threat that, to meet it, requires strong, immediate, and decisive action. 
In fact, denial is such a common reaction that aircraft pilots call it ‘‘normalcy bias,’’ the initial refusal to believe that things are not normal, the desire to not believe the warning signals when they say something is gravely wrong. They teach pilots about normalcy bias because, when the warning lights go on, wishing those lights were off or hoping that they are wrong is not a valid course of action. Instead, it is the very most dangerous way of handling the situation. 
on. So what we need to do is get past our denial phase, get past our normalcy bias, and take strong, immediate, and decisive action. And I say to you, that is the American way of handling a threat to our people. 
of us, we examine it closely, a threat. We put our best minds on the problem, and we tackle the problem and take immediate, strong, and decisive action. 
of us in America have always behaved in the face of threat, and that is how the Greatest Generation did it. Sticking our heads in the sand, pretending a serious problem will go away on its own, and doing nothing in the face of a grave threat is not the American way, and it never was. 
condemn anyone for his or her initial hesitation on climate damage. Instead, I offer this opportunity to my colleagues across the aisle because I refuse to believe that they truly do not understand the climate crisis we face. 
a chance for this Congress to avoid the harsh light and the implacable judgment of the historians, who will not hesitate to include us on their lists of the greatest ignoramuses of all time, to lump us in without fear of contradiction, with the worst, lantern jawed simpletons of history, historians who will unmercifully tell our grandchildren and their grandchildren just how dumb we were if we do not take action to prevent damage to our climate. 
you, vote ‘‘yes’’ on this motion, acknowledging that climate change is real. The warning lights are on, they are brighter than ever, and the rest of the world is taking them seriously. Let’s show the world and all of history that America is ready to take the lead in tackling this threat. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I claim the 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
does face many challenges and risks, and when it comes to climate change, we on this side believe that we have to take an economically realistic and pragmatic approach. 
risks, we support policies that will promote access to affordable and reliable energy that allows our communities to 
grow economically, to adapt to changes, and to be resilient both now and in the future. We also support technological innovation and the development of resilient, efficient infrastructure both to reduce emissions and to withstand climaterelated events regardless of their causes. 
ready to pass promotes access to affordable and reliable energy, diversity, efficiency, and modernization of all of our energy infrastructures. Passage of this bill would help ensure that we have critical energy infrastructure in place to withstand new threats, whether they be from climate or other risks such as terrorism and cyber attacks. 
in the United States, thanks to innovation—as we have expanded access to our abundant energy supplies as we have over the last couple of decades— energyrelated carbon dioxide emissions have actually significantly declined, and they are projected to remain below 2005 levels through 2040 and will continue to decline as a share of worldwide emissions, particularly when compared to other nations like India and China. 
urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the motion to recommit. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 180, noes 243, not voting 10, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) 
Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly 
Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo 
Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross 
Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner 
Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Stated for: Mr. DELANEY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable 
to cast my vote on rollcall No. 671. Had I been present to vote on rollcall No. 671, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
SIMPSON ). The question is on the passage of the bill. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 249, noes 174, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy 
Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus 
Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
New York and Ms. KAPTUR changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
Vote No. 672 on H.R. 8, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘yes’’ when I should have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
MAKE CORRECTIONS IN ENGROSSMENT OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Clerk be authorized to make technical corrections in the engrossment of H.R. 8, to include corrections in spelling, punctuation, section numbering and crossreferencing, and the insertion of appropriate headings. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 8. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 546, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federalaid highways, highway safety programs, 
and transit programs, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 546, the conference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of December 1, 2015, at page H8679.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the conference report to accompany H.R. 22. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
House is considering the conference report to H.R. 22, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation, or the FAST Act. 
I believe this bill will be one of the 
most important things this Congress can accomplish for our country. This conference report is appropriately named the FAST Act for a few reasons. 
surface transportation infrastructure. The process has been fast. In fact, from the day of introduction until today is 44 days that we have moved this bill forward; so, it happened fast. 
very hard in this process to help get this bill done, actually had to fast over the Thanksgiving holiday. So my thanks go out to staff on both sides of the aisle for working through the holiday as they did to get this bill put together and brought to the floor. 
worked diligently with our House and Senate conferees to put together this conference report. I want to thank Mr. DEFAZIO for all his efforts. 
provisions in the conference report, I do want to note that the conference report includes numerous other provisions that were in either the House or the Senatepassed versions of the bill. These provisions are in the jurisdiction of the Committees on Ways and Means, Financial Services, Energy and Commerce, Natural Resources, and Judiciary. 
Mr. Speaker, since I became chairman, one of my top priorities has been to pass a longterm surface transportation reauthorization bill. For the last year and more, I have traveled across the country to talk to transportation and business leaders about the need for a reauthorization bill. What I 
have heard is that all States and communities have significant infrastructure needs and they all need longterm certainty to address them. 
The FAST Act represents a bipartisan and bicameral agreement to provide that certainty. This is the first time we have come together in a long term bill in 10 years. It is fully paid for and reauthorizes Federal surface transportation programs for 5 years. 
It improves our Nation’s infrastructure, including our roads, public transportation, and rail systems; reforms our Federal transportation programs; refocuses these programs on national priorities, including the flow of freight and commerce; provides greater flexibility for States and local governments to address our needs; streamlines the Federal bureaucracy and accelerates project delivery; promotes innovation to make our surface transportation system and programs work better; and maintains a strong commitment to highway, rail, and hazmat safety. 
of Amtrak, which the House already passed overwhelmingly this year. It cuts waste, holds Amtrak accountable, and increases transparency. It enhances opportunities for competition on routes and increases private sector participation in station development and rightofway leveraging. It gives States more power and control over their Amtrak routes. 
continues the essential Federal role in transportation, and helps keep our country economically competitive. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
the chairman of the subcommittee for their tremendous cooperation and hard work. 
who spent the whole Thanksgiving break pulling this together and negotiating with the Senate, and I want to thank our colleagues in the Senate. 
in Washington, D.C., these days here on the floor of the House: a truly bipartisan approach to very real problems confronting our Nation. 
of times to talk about our country falling apart, and I won’t reiterate all those statistics again today. They are in the RECORD . 
But this is now 10 years and 3 months 
since Congress last passed a longterm bill. This 5year bill will give States and local jurisdictions, cities, and counties the capability of dealing with bigger problems that confront our system of transportation. 
have had over the last 5 years and 3 
They know how much money they will be receiving, and the levels are higher than current expenditures. 
but the bill also contains a provision I championed that says, should a future Congress allocate more funds to Transportation and Infrastructure, that money will flow through the policies and the formulas in this bill with no further action required and no tampering by this or future Congress; i.e., it would be expedited and it would go right into the investments we need to put more people back to work. 
passed by this Congress. There is no way we can do more for the American economy than making these longterm investments, putting hundreds of thousands of people to work rebuilding our critical infrastructure. It also doesn’t just go to construction, design, engineering, and small business, as do highway contracts. It also has a major investment in transit. 
for transit vehicles to 70 percent. So that will create more American jobs. There are many other critical things. 
We create for the first time—amazingly, for the first time, given the importance of our country—a major Federal freight program, an intermodal Federal freight program, that will help us be more competitive in the world 
economy and make major investments in more efficiently moving goods into our country and out of our country in accessing ports. 
the workforce retraining program. It promotes local control. We are increasing the share that flows through to local jurisdictions. The chairman already addressed that. It invests in all modes. It preserves the existing split between transit and highways and includes alternate modes. 
It includes a new safety grant program to prevent bicycle and pedestrian deaths, which would go to local or State jurisdictions that put forward comprehensive plans that deal with that growing problem. 
come up with innovative future ways to fund transportation for them to experiment, laboratories around the country experimenting with vehicle miles traveled or other programs that could pave the way for future bills in terms of spending and investing in our infrastructure. 
It improves hazmat safety very significantly in this bill. It also invests in rail—Amtrak—and will help local communities who are dealing with passenger commuter rail implement positive train control. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of 
Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in enthusiastic support for this conference report, which reauthorizes the surface transportation program for 5 years. 
investments made by the Federal Government are more important than the ones we are discussing here today. We depend on a very wellrun transportation network for just about everything we do in this country. Improving that system becomes more critical as we become more mobile as a society. 
In the immediate future, this conference report is going to allow States to plan and execute some muchneeded infrastructure repair. In Missouri alone, longterm surface transportation reauthorization translates into improvements for 35,000 miles of highway and 10,000 bridges. 
reforms the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration and increases transparency within its compliance, safety, and accountability program. These reforms will fundamentally change the way the agency analyzes and develops rules for the trucking industry. 
on as Americans, but Federal regulations continue to make it harder and harder for small and independent truckers to do business. 
The FAST Act also increases efficiency within highcost construction programs. It uses existing funding to develop a new formula for highway freight projects and creates a competitive grant program for projects of national or regional importance. 
fully paid for, it doesn’t address the longterm funding issues staring down the highway trust fund. That is why we directed research into more sustainable longterm funding sources, including a userfunded model that does more than just rely on the existing gas tax. 
stage for us to continue reshaping and rethinking America’s transportation network. It will allow us to modernize roads and transit systems using innovations from the private sector. It is going to help us employ advances in technology and interconnectivity to improve safety on America’s highways. 
that local governments are going to no longer be forced to operate off of one shortterm extension after another. This gives the States the certainty and the funding they need to improve their roads, rebuild their bridges, and invest in their infrastructure. 
that the House and the Senate have done to finalize this longterm Federal reauthorization. I would like to echo the words of the ranking member. 
Thanks to Ranking Member DEFAZIO, Chairman S HUSTER , and Ranking Member N ORTON , I think we did a fantastic 
job when it comes to putting the bill together. I look forward to seeing the President sign it. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from the District of Columbia (Ms. NORTON ), the 
Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, the reputation of our committee is that we are the most bipartisan committee in the Congress, and I think we have shown it with this bill. 
Mr. GRAVES you just heard from; Chairman S HUSTER ; Mr. D EFAZIO, who is the 
ranking member; both good friends and, of course, the staff—for their countless hours, including missing Thanksgiving. I particularly thank the conference committee Members because this bill needed compromises on both sides if we were going to get it done this year, and that is what we have done. 
in many ways. If you are in the States, you will probably say the most important way is that you are getting more funding than anticipated. There was a tradeoff, of course, because it is now a 5year rather than a 6year bill, and we needed the longest term bill we could get; but it does mean almost $13 billion more annually in funding for the States, and they were so starved for funds that, I believe, this 5year tradeoff was most important for us and for them. 
with this chart is not to show you something about my own district, but because this chart is emblematic of what this bill will do for your district and for districts all over the United States. I chose it because one of my major projects is the H Street Bridge. I didn’t just choose a bridge; I chose a bridge with intermodality at its vortex. This is the bridge that runs over Union Station. All you have to do is look at it, and you will see the trains; and there is freight beneath this bridge, and major freight is in this bill. You will see Amtrak. Across the H Street bridge itself runs innercity buses, local buses, and streetcars. 
You see how transit is the key to development itself. So, if you don’t get the transit done, if you don’t get the infrastructure done for our bill, then other infrastructure which depends on it will not occur. 
We are trying to expand Union Station here. This bridge has to be done if they are to accomplish this. They are going to expand the Union Station concourse. This bill will allow the improvements in the Northeast corridor, which is so important to so many Members. In a real sense, this bridge and this poster tell the story of this bill. 
There were so many of my major priorities in this bill that I would just 
One is the way we are now trying to 
get a hold of the highway trust fund which is a trust fund in name only—the $15 million to $20 million—that will allow for the States to experiment with new ideas. States are the only ones that are doing it, which is going to be absolutely necessary before the next longterm bill. We didn’t have anything of the kind in MAP–21. 
took money to pay for this bill, for example, from the Federal Reserve and from the strategic oil reserves, for the first time in history—that is the cutest one—because oil is worth less than when it was used as an offset. We had to face down this highway trust fund, and that is why my major priority was new trust fund ideas. 
Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
that I am very pleased that we worked together to get the Disadvantaged Business Enterprises provision done, and there is funding in this bill for a very important issue in our country for grants to address racial profiling. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ), the chairman of 
the Subcommittee on Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials. The gentleman did a lot of work on the Amtrak bill, which made it into this final bill. 
all, I appreciate the opportunity to have been a conferee on this important piece of legislation. 
This piece of legislation was a bipartisan effort between not only Republicans and Democrats in the House, but as a conferee who has been working between the House and the Senate, we have now culminated a number of different issues that, for years, we have had hearings on. Specifically, in the subcommittee that I chair—Railroads, Pipelines, and Hazardous Materials— we are dealing with passenger rail in this bill, with rail safety, and with hazardous material. 
carrying flammable liquids to actually have a thermal blanket and top fittings protection, which is something that the DOT failed to include in its rule; 
States and local emergency responders with information on crudebyrail shipments within their States. In my community, this is a huge issue for our first responders, who want to know exactly what is traveling through our community; 
a loophole that would have allowed more than 35,000 legacy DOT–111—these old tank cars—to actually remain in service. The rail title follows closely the 
PRRIA bill of 2015—the passenger rail reauthorization—which we passed out of this House in March of this year: 
In the bill, we reform Amtrak to actually run more like a business, ensuring that Northeast corridor profits get reinvested into the corridor and make Amtrak more accountable to the States; 
crash, we make a number of safety improvements, including having cameras in the locomotives. I will remind you that the purpose of this video footage is to assist crash investigators, which is something that would be important in Philadelphia. Let’s make sure that this does not punish or retaliate against the employees. 
that I have long championed and have based on legislation that I have authored in committee, the NEPA Reciprocity Act. We need to eliminate the duplicative environmental reviews. It will save us millions of dollars and years in project delivery time while still ensuring that appropriate steps are taken to mitigate the environmental impact. In California, we have the California Environmental Quality Act. We want to make sure that we have a strong environmental policy. Let’s just not waste years in duplication to get these projects done. Let’s do them quickly. Let’s do them efficiently. Let’s save millions of dollars in the process. 
boost in funding to fix our crumbling bridges in our communities. In my community, I continuously talk about the Seventh Street Bridge in Modesto. It is ridiculous that we have any bridges that are below satisfactory, but in this case, this bridge is rated 2 out of 100. 
don’t allow school buses on this. We have passenger cars as well as trucks— trucks that carry goods through Modesto and through our community—yet it is unsafe for school buses and our kids. This muchneeded bridge funding will help us to fix many of these threats around our State and around the country. 
pets on trains. For years now, pet owners have been able to take their pets on airplanes. I can go from California to D.C. with my dog; yet I can’t take my small dog onto Amtrak. This now changes that. I know that it is a big deal for those who travel on trains frequently to be able to take their pets with them. 
In conclusion, this is a great bipartisan, longterm highway bill, and I am excited that we are going to finally give certainty to our States. 
DEFAZIO, and Mr. C APUANO —all who worked hard to make this a great bipartisan effort. 
minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ). 
rise in strong support of the conference report on H.R. 22, the FAST Act. I do associate myself with the remarks of Chairman SHUSTER , of Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and, of course, of their extraordinary staffs, including mine, who have been very effective in working on this very bipartisan and very thorough bill. 
conference committee, thanks to Leader PELOSI ’s appointment. I especially 
thank our transportation stakeholders in my district—California, of course— for their input on the policies included in this bill, which will benefit not only California but many of our Nation’s constituencies by improving their commutes, by enhancing the transportation of goods to market, and by increasing transportation safety and air quality. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. I yield the gentlewoman an additional 30 seconds. 
that really sent good, solid information to this committee were the San Gabriel Valley Council of Governments, the San Gabriel Valley Economic Partnership, the Alameda CorridorEast Construction Authority, the Foothill Transit, the Gold Line Foothill Transit Project, the Gateway Council of Governments, the Access Services of Los Angeles, the LA Metro, the Southern California Association of Governments, Caltrans, the California Department of Natural Resources, and the California Department of Labor. 
and I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote from all of us. This is a great bill thanks to their bipartisan support. 
Railroad programs at $305 billion over 5 years. $281 billion is directly funded from revenues in the bill (aka ‘‘contract authority programs’’) which is for highway programs and most transit programs. This is $12.8 billion higher than the House passed bill. This higher funding level was requested by California transportation agencies including Caltrans, the Metropolitan Planning Organizations (MPOs) and the California Councils of Governments (COGs). 
annually. The programs needing appropriations are New Starts Transit construction grants (which the larger California Transit Agencies strongly support) and Amtrak passenger rail investments (California has 3 of the top 5 Amtrak rail corridors). 
that flow directly to local regions (instead of the State) within the Surface Transportation Program (STP) from the current 50% to 55% 
The bill provides $13 billion over 5 years for 
the state of good repair transit formula program. These funds are distributed to state and local governments for repairs and upgrading of rail and bus rapid transit systems. This is a 20% increase over current funding. The bill provides $3.7 billion over 5 years for bus and bus facilities and sets aside $1.5 billion for a competitive bus grant program. This is a 75% increase over current funding. California Transit agencies strongly supported increased transit funding. 
The bill creates two funded freight programs. The first is a Formula Freight program funded at $6.3 billion over 5 years which is allocated to the states. The second is a Nationally Significant Freight and Highway Projects Competitive grant program funded at $4.5 billion over 5 years that state and local governments can apply for. 
was a big priority of California Transportation agencies including Caltrans, California Association of Councils of Governments, League of CA Cities, Metropolitan Transportation Commission of the SF Bay Area, Southern California Association of Governments, San Diego Area Association of Governments, L.A. Metro, and Sacramento Area Council of Governments. 
many CA Transportation agencies care about to make local transportation agencies (such as JPA’s) eligible recipients of grant funds and to address local environmental impacts of freight movement. 
TRANSPORTATION ALTERNATIVES —BICYCLE , PEDESTRIAN , TRAILS , SAFE ROUTES TO SCHOOL  
at $835 million per year in 2016 and 2017 and $850 million per year in 2018, 2019 and 2020, which is more than the House bill level of $819 million per year. The bill gives Metropolitan Planning Organization’s (MPO) new flexibility to use up to 50% of this funding for other Surface Transportation Eligible projects. California transportation agencies, environmental organizations, bike associations, and safe route to school advocates strongly support this program. 
million/year in FY16 & 17 and $300 million/ year in FY18, 19, 20. This is more than the $200M/yr in the House bill. TIFIA is strongly supported by many California transportation agencies (especially those with local transportation funding sources such as sales tax measures) because they can use the government backed loans to expedite their projects and save money in the long run. 
TIFIA funds to go back into TIFIA and to provide eligibility to Transit Oriented Development projects. This language was also a priority of CA transportation agencies. 
highway grade crossing program and increases funding by $5 million/year to $245 million in FY20. California Transportation agencies, including the Alameda Corridor East Construction Authority in my district strongly support this program because safety issues around highway rail grade crossings are a big concern in our state. 
train control grants that commuter railroads can apply for. This was a big priority 
of Metrolink as they are currently developing and implementing positive train control safety systems. 
The bill allows local transportation agencies to use Surface Transportation Program funding as the local match for New Starts. This was a priority of CA MPOs and CALTRANs because the original House bill prohibited this flexibility in funding. 
programs on the front line workforce (bus drivers, rail operators, mechanics, etc.). The bill also focuses on career opportunities for underepresented populations, including minorities, women, veterans, lowincome, and the disabled. This was a priority of LA Metro and California Transit Unions. 
The bill requires DOT to perform a rulemaking on transit operator safety to address the growing concern of violence against transit workers. This was a priority of California Transit Unions. 
provider of Los Angeles County to continue using a tiered, distancebased coordinated paratransit fare system. For over 20 years, Access Services has had a DOT approved tiered fare structure that averages all the fares of 44 transit agencies into 2 fares. For riders traveling under 20 miles the fare is $2.75 and for riders traveling over 20 miles the fare is $3.50 (these paratransit fares are dramatically lower than the rest of the country). DOT was going to require Access Services to change their fare structure by Jan. 1, 2016 based on confusing formulas for each individualized trip a disabled customer takes. 95% of the public comments from the ADA community strongly opposed this change. This provision will allow Access to continue operating with their current tiered fare structure. 
The bill increases the domestic content requirement for buses and transit rail cars from 60% to 70%. 
grant program to allow states to experiment with alternative transportation user fees such as vehicle miles traveled taxes. California would benefit from this program because we are implementing one of the only alternative transportation user fee pilot programs in the country. 
office of the Secretary to streamline the administration of the TIFIA and RRIF loan programs, private activity bonds, and the new freight program. California and Los Angeles County in particular has been a large recipient of TIFIA and RRIF loans but many agencies have complained at how long, burdensome, and bureaucratic the process is. This Bureau will address these concerns. 
County had with the last transportation bill (MAP–21) which only allowed bridges on the National Highway System to be funded by the National Highway Performance Program. A lot of locally owned bridges in California are on the federalaid highway system 
and previously received direct bridge funding but no longer do because they are not on the National Highway System. This bill allows all locally owned bridges on the federalaid highway system to be eligible for funding in the National Highway Performance Program. 
The bill allows states to relinquish ownership of parkandride lots to local governments if they wish. This was a big priority for CALTRANs and local CA MPOs like LA Metro because some local agencies would like to take ownership of state parkand rides in order to invest in them and improve their performance within regional, multimodal transportation systems. 
transportation agency to apply for a waiver from the current HOV degradation standard. It also requires the state or local agency to have a plan to improve their HOV operations. Fixing problems with how the current HOV degradation standard works in California was a major priority of CALTRANs and local MPOs. 
The current HOV degradation standard requires HOV lanes to maintain an average speed above 45 mph 90 percent of the time during peak hours. This standard does not take into account the specific transportation concerns of each state. The most recent data indicates that 60 percent of California’s HOV network is degraded under the current federal standard, but it also indicates that ‘‘recurrent congestion’’ is not a primary source of degradation in California. Other variables such as inclement weather, traffic incidents, or unforeseeable nonrecurring congestion have a greater impact on HOV lane performance in California. The point of the federal standard is to address manageable traffic policy which is recurrent congestion. Since degraded facilities must be brought back into compliance under this federal law, the high levels of degradation in our state will require scarce resources to correct a problem that, in the majority of cases, is relatively infrequent and unpredictable. This bill allows the state to request a waiver from this unreasonable standard. 
CONGESTION MITIGATION AND AIR QUALITY IM PROVEMENT (CMAQ) PROGRAM FUNDING FOR  
local California Transportation agencies to fund transit, congestion management, and bicycle/pedestrian projects with Congestion Mitigation and Air Quality (CMAQ) program funds. The original House and Senate bills contained provisions that local CA transportation agencies strongly opposed that would have restricted their ability to use CMAQ funds for actual transportation projects. 
provision from the House bill that would have preempted state meal and rest break laws as they apply to the trucking industry. The original provision in the House bill was a direct attack on a recent court decision in California that ruled that California truck drivers were entitled to meal and rest breaks under California labor law. 
the California Teamsters strongly opposed the original House bill provision. 
section was strongly opposed by the California Department of Natural Resources because it would preempt state law and California’s ability to impose their own rail oil spill response plans. 
The bill does not include language requiring or incentivizing states to outsource public engineering work. We must continue to support states that hire public engineers in order to protect the public interest. 
double 33s or weights to 91,000lbs. (l.c. ‘‘el’’). There were attempts to increase truck size and weights but they were strongly opposed by CA Sheriffs Association, CA Peace Officers Assoc. (PORAC), and CA highway safety groups. 
I am concerned that the bill includes a provision to require the Bureau of Transportation Statistics to collect data on port performance freight statistics at the nation’s top 25 ports. I am glad this provision was amended in Conference to create a working group which includes labor representatives and port representatives that will determine how the port performance statistics program will be implemented. 
with the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) loan program from WRRDA 14 that prohibited local water agencies from combining tax exempt debt (i.e. municipal bonds) with WIFIA loans. This Conference Report changes that and allows water agencies to use municipal bonds (which are a major source of their revenue) as the local match to federal financing provided by the WIFIA. This fix to WIFIA was strongly supported by CA water agencies including ACWA and CASA. 
minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. 
support of H.R. 22, Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act. 
my colleagues on the committee for coming together to craft bipartisan legislation that provides States with the certainty they need with this 5 year bill, which will provide longterm infrastructure planning. 
that we did in MAP–21 to ensure that projects are completed in a timely manner. I was pleased to see that a number of priorities that are important to my district have been included in this legislation, including that of reforming the broken Compliance, Safety, Accountability program, which ensures that motor carrier safety ratings are fair and accurate. 
Water Resources and Environment, we worked to get a provision into WRRDA called WIFIA. In this bill, we put in a provision to allow WIFIA loans to be used in conjunction with taxexempt bonds to leverage private capital. This will help our infrastructure needs and 
clean water projects. This is an important loan guarantee program that is similar to TIFIA, which provides municipalities with additional funding for water infrastructure projects. This will complement programs like the Clean Water SRF Project. 
legislation, which provides certainty and makes a good investment to provide transportation in order to move commerce and people in the future. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ). 
FAST Act, which authorizes $305 billion over 5 years for highways, transit, and rail, including Amtrak. Although many of us would have preferred much higher funding levels, the conference agreement provides an increase in funding of $12.8 billion above the House bill and $26.8 billion in guaranteed funding above fiscal year 2015 levels. The funding increase allows us to preserve core highway and transit programs and to still invest in new key areas. 
New York State will get an additional $1.5 billion above current levels in highway and transit formula funding over the life of the bill, of which an estimated $500 million will go to projects in New York City. 
new freight program, originally created in the House bill for largescale, multimodal projects that are critical to our regional and national economy. This was a key recommendation of the freight panel on which I was the ranking member, along with Mr. DUNCAN as 
chairman, and I am very proud that it is included in the final conference report. 
including the major programs that benefit New York, such as section 5340— HighDensity States program, the State of Good Repair program, and capital investment grants, and it preserves the ability to flex other transportation funding toward major transit projects. 
I am mostly pleased that the conference report authorizes $10.2 billion over 5 years for intercity passenger rail, including $8 billion for Amtrak; dedicates resources for Northeast corridor improvements; and provides $200 million to help commuter railroads implement positive train control. It also increases the liability limit on rail passenger accidents to $295 million, retroactively, to help cover claims for those killed or injured in the Amtrak derailment outside of Pennsylvania last May. 
Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and my fellow conferees for all of their hard work in finally bringing a longterm transportation bill to fruition. It has been too long. I am glad we finally did it. I urge all of my colleagues to vote for this conference report. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Transportation Conference Report, now called the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act of 2015. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER , and Ranking Member D EFAZIO, for 
developing a bipartisan bill that we can all be proud to support. 
The Conference Report authorizes $305 billion over five years for highways, transit and rail, including Amtrak. Although many of us would have preferred higher funding levels closer to the Administration’s GROW America Act, the conference agreement provides an increase in funding of $12.8 billion above the House bill and $26.8 billion in guaranteed funding above FY15. Every state will get an increase in transportation funding. New York State will get an additional $1.5 billion above current levels in highway and transit formula funding over the life of the bill, of which an estimated additional $500 million will go to projects in New York City. The funding increase allows us to preserve these core programs, and still invest in new key areas. 
freight program, originally created in the House bill, for large scale multimodal projects critical to our regional and national economy. This was a key recommendation of the Freight Panel that I cochaired with Mr. DUNCAN , and 
I am very proud that it is included in the final Conference Report. 
attempts to address major freight projects that are too big or complex for states to address on their own. The PNRS program that we created in SAFETEA–LU was meant to address such projects, but was divvied up into many, relatively small, earmarks. In MAP–21, the PNRS program was reauthorized, but subject to appropriations, and never received any funding. This bill finally gets it right, and provides guaranteed, dedicated funding to address goods movement throughout the country. 
multimodal projects, the bill includes a new freight formula program to the States passed as part of the Senate bill, and it requires strategic planning at the state and federal level. All of these programs together will bring about unprecedented resources to fund freight projects that are long overdue and critical to our economy. It is a ground breaking achievement, and one of the things that sets this bill apart from its predecessors. 
The bill increases funding for transit, including all the major programs that benefit New York. The Conference Report not only restores, but increases, funding for the High Density State program under Section 5340 that provides approximately $100 million for transit projects all across New York State. The bill includes a 20% increase in funding for the State of Good Repair program, and it increases funding for Capital Investment Grants. 
The conference report does not include language restricting the ability of transit agencies to use other transportation programs, such as CMAQ and TIFIA, to fill the gap in federal funding for transit New Starts, which Mr. LIPINSKIand I fought against in the House bill. The 
bill maintains the historic 80/20 split between highway and transit funding, and it provides enough finding to create a robust Bus & Bus Facilities grant program that will benefit all fifty states while dedicating resources to the programs upon which our urban centers rely. 
I am also pleased that the Conference Report authorizes $10.2 billion over five years for intercity passenger rail, including $8 billion for Amtrak, and dedicates resources for improvements along the Northeast Corridor. The bill includes language to help the Gateway project compete for future funding, and it authorizes a new consolidated grant program to help railroads make safety and reliability improvements. Additionally, the bill dedicates $200 million to help commuter railroads implement Positive Train Control, and it increases the liability limit on rail passenger accidents to $295 million retroactively to help cover claims for those killed or injured in the Amtrak derailment outside of Philadelphia in May of this year. 
Overall, this is a balanced bill that will provide certainty and reliability for transportation agencies over the next five years. It would have been my preference to provide significantly more funding to address the major backlog of investment needs on our roads, bridges, transit and rail, but given the political reality this Conference Report is something we can all be proud to support. It increases funding for core programs, addresses new critical areas, and although it includes a few objectionable provisions, it is generally free of major poison pills. 
for all their hard work in finally bringing a long term transportation bill to fruition. I urge all my colleagues to vote for this Conference Report. 
Thank you. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ). 
Mr. Speaker, I rise to express concerns regarding a particular provision in the bill before us today. The provision in question retroactively increases a Federal statutory cap on liability to cover one railway accident that occurred earlier this year. 
is not always unconstitutional, but it is clearly disfavored. The Supreme Court outlined in a case called Eastern Enterprises v. Apfel, and I quote: 
disfavored in the law, in accordance with the ‘fundamental notions of justice’ that have been recognized throughout history. In his ‘Commentaries on the Constitution,’ Justice Story reasoned: ‘Retrospective laws are indeed generally unjust; and, as has been forcibly said, neither accord with sound legislation nor with the fundamental principles of the social compact.’’’ 
retroactive legislation is constitutional in some instances—limited instances, I might add—none of those instances would clearly appear to apply to the provision in question. 
‘‘Our decisions . . . have left open the possibility that legislation might be unconstitutional if it imposes severe retroactive liability on a limited class of parties that could not have anticipated the liability, and the extent of that liability is substantially disproportionate to the parties’ experience.’’ 
In the case of the provision in question in the bill before us today, the retroactivity imposes severe increases in liability—almost a 50percent increase, in this case—on a limited class of parties who could not have anticipated that liability. 
While I support reasonable compensation for those who have been done legal injury, I am concerned that this particular provision may not pass constitutional muster. For that reason, I would register my concern. 
support of the FAST Act, which will create jobs, boost the economy, ease congestion on our roads and rails, and improve our quality of life. 
and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for producing this bill and thank them for working with me in committee, on the House floor, and on the conference committee to make this bill better. 
Freight Panel, led by Chairman DUNCANand Ranking Member N ADLER last 
Congress, led to new provisions that will improve the efficiency of freight movement and ease congestion on our roads and rails. This is critical for our Nation’s freight hub in northeastern Illinois as we continue the CREATE rail program and other large freight projects. 
to create Buy America content, deploy zeroemission buses, and improve tank car safety standards, which will produce more American jobs, protect the environment, and improve community safety. 
The FAST Act will also improve public transit and active transportation infrastructure and safety. Commuter rail safety will be increased through PTC grants, and this bill prepares us for the future by including research provisions from my FUTURE TRIP Act. 
and Technology Committee Chairman SMITH for working with me on this. 
Thanks, finally, to my staff—Andrew Davis, Jason Day, Eric Lausten, and Shawn Kimmel—and all the committee staff for their work on this bill. 
will not solve all of our transportation problems, but this bill is a big step forward for jobs and for surface transportation in our Nation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ), a hardworking member of 
the chairman and ranking member for all their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address 
and lower Chambers of Congress are sending the President a 5year highway bill. I want you to think about that. We haven’t had legislation this long that provided certainty and confidence to our States in over 10 years. 
general engineering contractor. I built those highways, roads, bridges, and dams. I also previously served on the Regional Transportation Commission of Southern Nevada, and I know what it takes to invest in infrastructure. 
patches would have been a disservice to our States and our districts. They need longterm certainty to build a master plan for the future. 
Many may not understand the aspects of what it takes to actually build infrastructure in our Nation. It is not all about just going out and investing a dollar and going and building a highway, a railroad, or other infrastructure. It takes a lot to go through the NEPA process and the engineering processes before you can even get to the point where you can turn a shovel of dirt. 
So we need to make sure that we find 
other funding mechanisms for the future. We need to start today and recognize that we need to plan for the future and invest in this country so it has quality infrastructure for our safety and the needs of this country. 
not perfect, we are moving in the right direction and putting our Nation back on the path to prosperity. That is why I proudly stand here today as a conferee to support this longterm funding bill. 
this certainly is a great day for the people in this country, and I want to thank the leadership on this committee. 
surface transportation bill will give the economy just the type of boost it needs. A longterm transportation bill will strengthen our infrastructure, provide quality jobs, and serve as a tool to put America back to work longterm. 
critical freight grant program, additional funding for transit systems and pedestrian safety program, includes funds to speed the implementation of positive train control, improves the Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing loan program, and creates a disadvantaged business enterprise program at the Federal Railroad Administration. 
Amtrak, moves us closer to restoring passenger rail for the Gulf States, and protects our ports from unnecessary paperwork. 
funding is absolutely critical to this Nation. If properly funded, it serves as a tremendous economic boost. For every billion dollars we spend in transportation, it generates 44,000 permanent jobs. When we pass this legislation, we will put millions of hardworking Americans back to work to fix our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure and prepare our country for the future. 
present for the people in this country than to pass this transportation bill. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS), a hardworking 
Speaker, article I, section 8 of the U.S. Constitution grants this body the power to regulate commerce with foreign nations and among the several States as well as the power to establish post offices and post roads. 
Maintaining and improving our Nation’s infrastructure is an important constitutional responsibility that we, as Members of this body, have, which is exactly why I told voters what I wanted to do when I came to Washington was to work together in a bipartisan fashion to address issues just like this transportation bill is going to address. 
What does this bill mean to the voters in central Illinois who sent me here? It means about 80 percent of all of the road projects that are funded in my State of Illinois are funded by Federal dollars. 
this bill—and we could argue about the payfors, whether they are not perfect. But we can also show the American people that we can work together to rebuild our Nation’s crumbling infrastructure. 
bill passes overwhelmingly today, under the leadership of Chairman SHUSTER , he will begin debating how we 
move into the future in our next transportation bill. That is what is great about service on this committee. 
I want to commend Chairman SHUSTER , Chairman G RAVES , Ranking 
Member D EFAZIO, and all the hardworking members of this committee who put a great bill together. 
not perfect, but no bill that comes out of this institution is perfect. We don’t always get everything we want, Mr. Speaker. But what we get is a long term plan that is allowing our States to continue to plan and rebuild our roads and bridges. 
I also want to thank Chairman SHUSTER because he helped new leaders on 
our committee become leaders in transportation. I want to talk about CRESENT HARDY , who just spoke a few 
minutes ago. He was able to show his constituents that he is able to lead on transportation issues and work together to get things done. JOHN KATKO , GARRET GRAVES —these 
are new members of the committee that are able to go back to their constituents and show governing and bipartisan success. 
the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the minority whip. 
both Mr. S HUSTER and Mr. D EFAZIO for 
their work on this bill. I want to thank the Senate, as well, for their work and their leadership. 
This is a good week, in many respects. We passed yesterday, on an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, a bill to make sure that our education system works better. Today, we will pass, by an overwhelmingly bipartisan vote, a bill to give more stability and investment to our infrastructure in America. Those are good things. 
previous speaker talked about a sound, longterm fiscal path for infrastructure investment, my own view is we don’t do that. We do better than what is but not what we ought to do. 
My own view is that we need to dedicate the user fee we call the gasoline tax at a level which has not been raised since 1993 to a level that will in fact put us on a path to fiscal stability and certainty for our infrastructure package. 
for his leadership. Very frankly, that was critical to getting us to this point, not only on his side on the aisle but on 
our side of the aisle as well. And I want to thank Mr. DEFAZIO. 
As has been said, this is not a perfect 
reauthorization. We ought to stop saying that because nothing we pass is perfect. What we hope for is the good, and this is good. It is a compromise. All these efforts are critical to creating the kind of environment that encourage privatesector development and job growth. 
that a wide majority of Members, nearly every Democrat and most Republicans, worked together to ensure that this conference report includes a multiyear reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank, supported by a majority of Republicans and all but one Democrat. 
through inaction by the Congress, allowed the ExIm Bank to shut down in July. Now, it didn’t actually shut down, but it had no authority to guarantee loans, which cost us jobs. 
bill. Today, we are coming together to reopen it so that it can help American businesses and workers compete on a level playing field in overseas markets. 
down, businesses began shifting jobs overseas and others refrained from investing here because of the uncertainty over whether it would reopen. Today, that certainty will be restored. To that extent, the ExportImport 
Bank is in the same position that Governors and mayors and county executives all over this country will be put in by this bill, giving them some degree of certainty that there will be a cash flow for infrastructure projects, bridges, roads, and other transportation items. 
I want to thank again Ranking Member MAXINE WATERS for her work on 
that led to this provision in the transportation bill. 
who showed great courage and great leadership, STEPHEN FINCHER of Tennessee and F RANK LUCAS of Oklahoma, 
my Republican colleagues, without whom this ExportImport Bank provision would not be in this bill. I congratulate them for their courage and their leadership. 
This is a bipartisan day for this Congress. And I urge my colleagues to support this product. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ), one of the 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the conference report for the FAST Act. 
on Transportation and Infrastructure, I am pleased this bill reflects the committee’s hard work. This legislation makes a fundamental investment in our Nation’s roads, bridges, and infrastructure, providing longterm certainty for local governments and ensuring the efficient movement of consumer goods. 
environmental review and permitting processes to ensure transportation projects stay on time and on budget. 
significance to my district were included in the final bill. One directs Department of Transportation to study the effects of marijuanaimpaired driving. The second would incentivize the use of innovative pavement material. The third would help address congestion in HOV lanes. 
will put a stop to shortterm extensions that are costly to taxpayers and create significant uncertainty for local and State governments. 
bill coming before the House floor today, and I thank Chairman SHUSTER  
for his hard work in making this bill a reality. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. FRANKEL ). 
Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the FAST Act, our first longterm surface transportation bill in nearly 10 years. 
bipartisan leadership. It has truly been an honor to work on a committee where we can show the American people that we know how to work together. 
our economy. Passing the FAST Act will shift America’s infrastructure into higher gear. This legislation brings American families tens of thousands of new goodpaying jobs while promoting safer, more efficient travel on our transportation infrastructure. It sends more dollars to our local communities, who know their needs best. 
I will associate myself with the remarks of my colleague Representative BROWN when I say that this is a wonderful gift to the American people for this holiday season. 
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). 
Member D EFAZIO for their work and express my appreciation for the opportunity to serve as a conferee. 
this bill that fall within the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. 
deeply involved in another part of this important bill: efforts to enact meaningful and effective permit streamlining reforms. Enacting legislation to streamline the Federal permitting process has been among my primary goals. 
and review permitting timelines, has passed this House on three occasions 
on a bipartisan basis. Our goal has been to fix the flaws in our Federal permitting process that too often doom projects, leaving millions of jobs and hundreds of millions of dollars in economic activity on a bureaucrat’s desk. 
This year, we worked with our colleagues Senators PORTMAN and M CCASKILL on this important project. The 
amendment we offered on the floor during House consideration of this measure represented a carefully crafted compromise that further achieves these goals. It was the product of a bipartisan cooperation, and I am proud that these provisions were included in the conference report we are considering today. 
of the many ways that we can reach across the aisle to find solutions to problems facing us. Our priorities will make lasting reforms that are sure to improve our infrastructure and strengthen our economy. I am glad they will be made law through the enactment of this conference report. This 5year bill establishes certainty, 
stability, confidence, and, most importantly, trust. I am a States’ rights guy, and the less Federal Government in my life, the better. Congress has removed obstacles for the States, who know best what is needed for their infrastructure. We must continue to remove impediments for our States to move into the 21st century without jobcrushing regulations. 
Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire as to the time remaining on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oregon has 10
remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ), a member of the 
like to begin by getting the attention of our chairman over there and thanking him for the terrific job that he did, as well as our ranking member, Mr. DEFAZIO. It was a real treat. It was, for 
me, a takeback to an earlier time when regular order prevailed around this place. 
things and get things done. It is not always just a matter of attitude; it can be a matter of process. When you have a chair and a ranking member that welcome all members to bring their ideas before the committee, to have an opportunity to have them discussed, examined, argued, and debated, that is how you bring people together. That is how you fix things. That is how you get things done. 
thank the staff, both the Republican and Democratic staff. You all worked so hard and late into the night and long hours, day after day, getting us to this point. I thank my own staff assistant, Eddie Wytkind, in particular, for the work that he has done on this. 
know, finally, after kicking this can down the road some 34, 35 times, we finally have the kind of longterm surface transportation legislation that people in this country have been crying for and begging for so that we could begin fixing the roads and the bridges that are falling down and the trains that have been coming off the tracks. 
It is a good, nonpartisan piece of legislation that will allow our States, our counties, and our cities to plan accordingly. Of course, that brings with it greater efficiency. 
It will put a lot of people back to 
work. Everyone has told us that infrastructure, transportation is fundamental to our ability to grow jobs, to grow our economy, and to strengthen business opportunities. 
I am particularly grateful for our Duluth amendment that solves a particular little problem, but an important one, that we have there with regard to logging trucks on our Main Street. 
Last but not least, I want to commend the leadership for including the reauthorization of ExIm Bank with this. As we all know, it is a great banking institution that helps us reduce the deficit and creates jobs throughout the country, including the Eighth District of Minnesota. 
Thank you to all who were a part of 
minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). 
Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to be here today. 
now, we have been doing patches and temporarily providing funding for our roadways. It costs taxpayers money to do that, to do these temporary extensions, to compartmentalize the funding. You have to take projects, and you have to separate them into smaller pieces. You have to pay for contractors to come out and to leave and to come back again. I will say it again: It costs taxpayers money to continue to do these patches and these temporary extensions. 
Having run a largescale infrastructure program for a number of years, I am well aware of the difficulty caused by doing these temporary patches and the increased cost. I will tell you, I think it results in less safe roads. It absolutely doesn’t deliver what taxpayers deserve. 
and a reason that it is historic is that it is bipartisan, something that has been lacking for some time now, to see that Members on both sides come together on something as important as infrastructure funding. 
want to thank Ranking Member D EFAZIO, respective staff directors Chris and 
Kathy, and everyone who worked on this bill on the conference staff. I know you put in a lot of time and you gave up your Thanksgiving. I want to thank you very much for all the work that has been done. 
transportation. It results in nearly a 10percent increase in investment in infrastructure. In the case of Louisiana, we will see a $100 million increase in the fifth year of this bill—a $100 million increase just in that one year as compared to current funding levels. We need these funds. 
is the grant program that was established in the House bill for nationally significant corridors, for freight corridors, $800 million to $1 billion a year to address these largescale infrastructure needs that have not been addressed. 
In the case of my home State of Louisiana, we are in dire need of a new crossing on the Mississippi River. Getting across that extraordinary bottleneck, where the interstate drops down to one lane—the only place in the United States—is a great need that we have. It causes incredible traffic problems. 
Addressing roads that need to be upgraded, like LA 1, Highway 30, connecting Walker to Gonzales, addressing a Pecue Lane exit, upgrading Highway 90 to interstate standards—projects that are in dire need and cause national implications because of their inability to efficiently move commerce across this country, Louisiana being one of the top export States in the United States. 
are safer, ensures that we address at grade rail crossings, ensures that we have the right safety mechanisms in place to ensure that we are not going to have fatalities associated with driving and traffic accidents. 
Importantly, this bill addresses technology. Mr. Speaker, we are still using traffic light technology from the 1920s. It is 2015. We can actually do on our telephones what took mainframe computers decades ago. 
ensure that innovation, to ensure that competition is actually integrated into our traffic management systems so we are not sitting around at traffic lights when no other cars are there, to ensure that our cars can communicate with one another, our phones can communicate with traffic lights, where we can really take intelligent transportation systems to the next level. 
It expedites the NEPA and environmental review process to ensure that we are getting dirt turned and getting roads in place as soon as possible while still respecting the environment. 
that we were pushing very hard, the Sport Fish Restoration and the Boating Safety Act, ensuring that boat safety, ensuring that sport fish and restoration, ensuring that the CWPPRA program continues to move forward and we have those important restoration activities. 
say I appreciated very much the opportunity to be a conferee. This is a historic bill. And I want to urge: Increased funding, safer roads—this is the right direction for this country. Support this conference report. 
minute to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
compromise before us is just that, a compromise. But, despite its faults, I will support it. 
Nation’s longterm highway infrastructure needs, which our communities desperately need, it does fall short of making the robust longterm investments 
I am pleased the bill does take an important step to protect consumers by prohibiting companies from renting or loaning out dangerously recalled vehicles for the first time. I have spearheaded this effort for years in honor of Raechel and Jacqueline Houck, two young sisters who were killed by their rented vehicle that was under recall. 
for consumer safety. But I am disappointed that, during conference, companies with fewer than 35 rental or loaner vehicles were exempted. Unfortunately, by our bowing to special interests, some consumers will still be at risk. 
Mrs. CAPPS. However, we will continue to build on the important step of holding large rental companies and auto dealers accountable until, one day, all Americans can be confident that the cars that they drive are safe. This is our goal: that all rental cars be safe for their drivers to engage in as they rent them. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
the committee staff. They did do a fabulous job. 
were involved: the Senate staff of the Committee on Environment and Public Works; the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs; the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation; and the Committee on Finance. 
Over here, we are a little more consolidated when we deal with these issues. The Senate is a little more spread out, but that is the Senate. They were all involved and all a critical part of this product. 
I also want to thank some others, beyond committee staff. The House Legislative Counsel, led by Curt Haensel, has provided a tremendous assistance in the drafting of this very extensive legislation, as well as the staff of the U.S. Department of Transportation, particularly the Federal Highway Administration. 
FHWA have been involved in every surface transportation bill since the nineties, and their expertise was invaluable. We come up with policy ideas, but they have to figure out a way to lay down the legislative language so that we accomplish those goals. So they did great work. 
said, historic for this Congress and recent Congresses in terms of the bipartisan nature of it and the fact that we 
are putting in place longterm assurances for major investments that our country needs for our transportation infrastructure. But it is a starting point. This is not the end. 
funding increases for the next 5 years, but it does not even rise to the level of assuring that our transportation infrastructure 5 years from today will be in a better state of repair than it is now. 
out there. This will help, but it is not the overall solution. Numerous times we have moved money from the general fund into the highway trust fund. We are again engaging in that activity here. The total, at this point, is $145 billion. 
money, but I think there are better ways and more certain ways and more robust ways to finance the future of our investments in infrastructure. 
So we can say today we are celebrating, as we should, but there is more work to do. Next week, we should begin anew and recognize that we have to work together—Democrats and Republicans, truckers, transit agency, 
builders, and shippers—to find a way to restore the user fee mechanism to finance these investments. 
President Eisenhower is often credited with establishing the Interstate Highway System, which now bears his name. Actually, Congress designated the system in the forties, but it was not until 1956 that Congress, with then President Eisenhower, developed a user fee system to actually construct our incredible interstate system. 
renew the mandate and find a path forward for longterm, sustainable funding for these critical investments. Celebrate today, but it is back to work tomorrow. 
this opportunity to thank my House colleagues on both sides of the aisle, members of the committee, and the conferees. 
of this bill. There are over 250 Members of this House that contributed to the bill. Working together on this important piece of legislation I think proves to the American people that we can get big things done. 
I would also like to thank Mr. DEFAZIO. He has been a real partner in this. 
We certainly had our moments of disagreement, but we were able to work through it and get a bill which he and I say is a good, solid piece of legislation. And, through that effort, we were able to achieve that. 
for their hard work and support in this effort. 
I want to thank the vice chair of the 
chaired two important panels last Congress, one on freight movement and one on publicprivate partnerships. From that work with a crosssection of the committee and across jurisdictional lines of the subcommittees, they were able to produce recommendations that became critical parts of this bill. So I thank Congressman DUNCAN from 
House. In becoming Speaker, he told the Conference and our House he was going to make sure we did regular order. This bill is a product of regular order. He had an open process on the House floor. We dealt with over 103 amendments specific to the transportation portion of the bill but then another 20 or so that dealt with provisions in this bill. 
keeping his word to the Members of this body to have regular order and an open process. 
I also want to thank my Senate colleagues and their conferees for their efforts in putting together this bill. 
I want to thank the House and Senate Legislative Counsel, who don’t often get a whole lot of credit, but I thank Curt Haensel, Tom Dillon, Rosemary Gallagher, Karen Anderson, and Tim Brown, for their efforts in writing up this bill and helping us throughout this process. 
both the majority and minority of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. As I said in the opening remarks, they worked through the Thanksgiving holiday, a lot of long hours, and they are dedicated to the work of this committee. We wouldn’t be here today without their efforts. I thank them from the bottom of my heart for their efforts. 
names of those committee staff people because it is a long list and I don’t want to screw anybody’s name up. I just want to say thanks again for their long hours in getting this bill put together and brought to the floor. 
Hall, Murphie Barrett, Geoff Gosselin, Mary Phillips, Alex Etchen, Caryn Moore Lund, Nicole Christus, Kristin Alcalde, Jim Billimoria, Clare Doherty, Keith Hall, Justin Harclerode, Holly Woodruff Lyons, Hannah Matesic, Collin McCune, Tracy Mosebey, Anna Oak, Max Rosen. 
Beth Spivey, David Connolly, Arielle Giordano, Fred Miller, George Riccardo, Adam Twardzik, Kevin Rieg, Isabelle BeegleLevin. 
Ashley Guill, Russ Kelley, Ward McCarragher, Ben Lockshin, Auke Mahar Piersma, Andrew Okuyiga, Luke Strimer, Helena Zyblikewycz, Ryan Sieger, Jennifer Homendy, Alexa Old Crow. 
Mr. SHUSTER. The FAST Act is absolutely critical to America and our economy. I think everybody speaking here today laid out the many provisions. It is important to America. 
all support this bipartisan, bicameral agreement. And I believe it will have strong support today. 
vote for this bill. It is good for America. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE COMMITTEE ON CONFERENCE H.R. 22, F IXING  
Statement provides a summary of section 43001 concerning requirements in agency rulemakings pursuant to this Act. Section 43001 of the House amendments to H.R. 22 was not agreed to in conference and does not appear in the conference report to accompany H.R. 22. The summary of section 43001 in the Joint Explanatory statement therefore appears in error. Accordingly, title XLIII of the Joint Explanatory Statement has no effect. 
that we were able to come together to find a longerterm solution for our nation’s infrastructure. We cannot keep operating on shortterm fixes. Investments in our country’s infrastructure need certainty. Though I would have preferred to see greater funding levels across the board, I am pleased to see provisions such as the High Density States Program are protected and funded for the next five years. While I will vote for this bill because it puts Americans back to work and allows our state and transit authorities to do longterm planning for our crumbling infrastructure, I must highlight some of the reasons this bill falls short. 
and deaths on our roads and highways occurred as a result of major safety advancements, such as requiring seatbelts and airbags in all new cars. Today, we have a vehicle title that does not include such a safety advancement and does little to improve safety. This was a missed opportunity. This bill could have included meaningful safety improvements, such as imminent hazard authority to allow NHTSA to expedite a recall order when necessary, a requirement that ensured recalled used cars are repaired before they are sold, safety standards for rear seat crashworthiness, and the elimination of regional only recalls that no longer make sense for our increasingly mobile world. And civil penalties should have been higher so that sacrificing safety will not be treated as a ‘‘slap on the wrist’’ or just another cost of doing business. 
that take a step backwards on safety and that could actually lead to more injuries and deaths on our roads. For example, it includes a provision that exempts an unlimited number of replica cars—that is, new cars made to resemble old cars—from vehicle safety laws, clean air requirements, and state emissions testing. It also includes a whistleblower provision that will not encourage, and may effectively discourage, whistleblowers from reporting serious safety problems to the government. And even the promising rental car provision section, which requires rental car companies and auto dealers to repair recalled cars before renting or loaning them to customers, was weakened by excluding those that have a fleet of fewer than 35 vehicles. I am disappointed that the bicameral, bipartisan process failed to craft a vehicle title that actually enhances safety. 
support of this bipartisan transportation authorization, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, also known as the FAST Act. 
This is a 5year bill that provides both budgetary certainty and project flexibility for our states and localities so that they may invest in and upgrade our transportation system and do so with more innovative technologies and approaches. 
also saves money by stopping the short term patches that complicate planning and yield cost overruns. 
know too well the traffic congestion issues we face and appreciate that this bill provides muchneeded assistance in this area. 
I am pleased to have served on the Conference Committee for this bill, and pleased that numerous provisions from one of my bills on congestion relief and research were included. 
This measure will help promote the development of transportation technologies and tools for congestion relief. 
related to Metro safety and accountability that I worked on with my DC and Maryland counterparts, Ms. HOLMES NORTON and Ms. 
House has approved the conference report I would like to recognize and commend my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for supporting the inclusion of bill language in H.R. 22 (Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act of 2015) that will help protect consumers from the longstanding problem of predatory towing. 
For some time now, egregious vehicle towing and storage practices performed by some unscrupulous companies have been a serious concern in many parts of the country. While the vast majority of towing and storage firms are honest and wellintentioned, some have been engaged in predatory business tactics designed to delay access to vehicles and increase costs for consumers. Because these companies have possession of vehicles, they are in a position to take advantage of consumers and charge excessive towing and storage fees. 
For reasons that are not entirely clear, current Federal law allows states to regulate some, but not all aspects of tow truck operations, limiting their ability to protect consumers from predatory towing tactics. The language included in the amendment introduced by myself and Rep. VANHOLLEN broadens the 
authority of states and localities to regulate tow truck operations, which is limited by current motor carrier law. This additional authority will now allow states and localities to regulate all aspects of tows conducted without the prior 
consent or authorization of the owner or operator of a vehicle. The language is also intended to apply to accident scene and breakdown towing, to allow states to protect consumers who are often unable to make an informed choice and give meaningful consent or acknowledgment on towing in those situations. 
vice chair for their support of this important provision. I would also like to thank my predecessor, Jim Moran, who was a champion on this issue for so long and first introduced this language during the 109th Congress. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, today is a historic day, as we are voting for a five year surface transportation reauthorization bill that provides critical investment to our roads and bridges. This will help keep America competitive and provide certainty to states and communities planning infrastructure projects. 
House nor the Senate has worked on serious reforms. We have not adjusted the user fee for our infrastructure in 20 years or considered new, sustainable revenue streams. Instead, we have spent valuable time searching for short term gimmicks. Make no mistake; I am disappointed with the offsets in this bill. We should not be robbing the banks or Customs to pay for our roads and bridges. 
we have to say enough is enough. That time has come. We need a longterm, robustly funded bill. We missed an opportunity with this legislation, but we in Congress must work together to continue finding common ground on innovative ideas to ensure the Highway Trust Fund has a sustainable revenue source. We cannot allow our children and grandchildren to pay for the investments we should be making now. 
As a Conferee, I was happy to work with 
Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member D EFAZIO, and my Senate Colleagues on important 
roadway safety issues, such as preventing heavier trucks from driving on our local roads. 
This bill fully funds the Highway Safety Improvement Program, which invests in infrastructure like guardrails, rumble strips, and retroreflective signs. While you will never read the headline, ‘‘Rumble strip saves family of four,’’ this program saves lives every day and for that reason alone, I urge my colleagues to support this bill today. 
sense provisions that I championed included in the final agreement. For example, I introduced the Local Farm Vehicle Flexibility Act to make sure farm vehicles are not regulated like long haul trucks. Today, this highway bill includes language to prevent farmers from getting tickets for driving from field to field without covering their load. 
freight rail safer and gives first responders more time to react in the unlikely event of a derailment by including top fitting protections for the pressure relief valves. It also includes language that I strongly support to reduce paperwork burdens on concrete truck drivers. 
I worked with my fellow conferees to encourage the use of U.S. iron and steel in rolling stock frames and car shells. This provision will increase use of U.S. iron and steel in the fabrication of rolling stock frame and car shell components and subcomponents. 
Finally, many of the policy ideas that I introduced in the Safer Trucks and Buses Act were incorporated in this final version. We must 
work to make sure we fix the important safety score program so that good decisions can be made on scores that actually represent truck and bus safety records. 
economy and good for America. I am happy to vote for this long term bill and look forward to working with my colleagues on policy ideas that could be included in a comprehensive tax reform bill to ensure the Highway Trust Fund has a sustainable funding source. 
support of the Conference Report to H.R. 22, the ‘‘Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015,’’ a bill to authorize Federal Funding for highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs. 
and the House and Senate Conferees for their work in bringing the Conference Report for the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act to the floor for a vote. 
It is good to see the spirit of bipartisanship 
return to the process of funding our nation’s transportation needs. 
House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security, I am well aware of the importance of our nation’s transportation system. 
or waterway, we rely on our transportation system to move people and goods safely, facilitate commerce, attract and retain businesses, and support jobs. 
the country; but unlike other large cities, we have struggled to have an effective mass transit system. 
policy was to build more highways with more lanes to carry more drivers to and from work. 
and is now pursuing mass transit options that include light rail. 
This decision to invest in light rail is strongly 
supported by the increased use by Houstonians in the light rail service provided by previous transportation appropriations bills. 
The April 2014, Houston Metropolitan Transit Authority report on weekly ridership states that 44,267 used Houston’s light rail Service— representing a 6,096 or 16% change in ridership in April of last year. 
ridership of other forms of mass transit in the city of Houston: metro bus had a 2.3% increase over April 2013; metro buslocal had a 1.3% increase over April 2013; and Metro BusPark and Ride had an 8.0% increase over April 2013. 
reported on the congestion Houston drivers face during their daily commute to and from work. 
The article reported that Houston commuters continue to experience some of the worst traffic delays in the country, according to the 2012 urban mobility report. Houston area drivers wasted more than two days a year, on average, in traffic congestion, costing them each $1,090 in lost time and fuel. 
be available for the construction of the University rail line and support of local government 
decisions by the Houston Metropolitan transit Authority and the city of Houston to expand rail service. 
transportation needs of our nation from rural communities to major metropolitan areas. 
I appreciate that two Jackson Lee Amendments are included in the underlying bill. 
that the goals of improving transportation efficiency and safety take into consideration the topic of public safety, a rest stop, and public parking that is funded by this bill. 
Transportation Secretary to report to Congress on the security of locations that are intended to encourage public use of alternative transportation, as well as personal transportation parking areas. 
transportation usage is the ability of automobile drivers to park their vehicles in safety. 
More than 1 in 10 property crimes occur in 
Congress to do more to enhance the safety of parking areas that are used by students, women, seniors, disabled, and other vulnerable members of the public. 
detailed report on the place of occurrence for violent and property crimes from 2004 through 2008. 
28.2% of purses snatched occur in open areas such as the street or on public transportation. 
The inclusion of this Jackson Lee Amendment will lead to enhanced safety of car pool parking lots, mass transit parking; local, state, and regional rail station parking; college or university parking; bike paths, walking trails, and other locations the Secretary deems appropriate. 
victimization and property crimes occurring between 2004 and 2008 in parking lots and garages include: 213,540 victimization crimes that occurred in noncommercial parking lots and garages; and 864,190 property crimes. 
that occur at public transportation or in stations was 49,910 and property crimes was 132,190. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will make surface transportation travel safer. 
the traveling public, especially women, seniors, students, disabled persons, and children. 
The second Jackson Lee Amendment included in the Conference Report provides a report to Congress from the Secretary of the Department of Transportation on the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ (IoT) and its potential to improve transportation services to the elderly and persons with disabilities as well as assist local, state and federal transportation planners in achieving better efficiencies and cost effectiveness, while protecting privacy and security of persons who use IoT technology. 
that will support networking of physical objects or ‘‘things’’ embedded with wireless electronic components, software, sensors, and network connectivity technology, which enables these objects to collect and exchange data on people, places and things. 
computing into physical space as computing technology is integrated into devices and systems. 
It will also challenge the privacy and security of users of the technology if precautions are not taken to ensure that information on these devices is not protected. 
Congress to take into consideration how IoT technologies can be used to make public transportation, safer, more convenient to the elderly and disabled, and how it may improve mass and personal transportation efficiency. 
into physical things or support communication among digital devices that may be nearby or at distances will offer many benefits to consumers. 
personal, recreational, city planning, public safety, energy consumption management, healthcare, and many other applications. 
Today, local governments are working to incorporate IoT services into transportation; garbage pickup, as well as the provision of wireless connectivity for their residents. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment will help ensure that we harness the benefits of the ‘‘Internet of Things’’ for the travelling public and minimize the threats to privacy and cybersecurity presented by this new and exciting technology. 
This is a good bill and I encourage my colleagues to support its passage. 
I will support the bill. This is a strong, multi 
year reauthorization which includes desperately needed funding for infrastructure repair and investment. I commend Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO for 
I will also take this opportunity to remind my 
colleagues of a priority of mine to promote stormresilient construction projects within the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA). 
The concrete products industries in my district in southern New Jersey has much to offer in helping the country build its transportation infrastructure. I know that many of my colleagues have similar constituent companies and workers, and I urge them to take note of my comments. 
21 that was designed to help incorporate permeable pavements into the FHWA mission. Many of us on the eastern seaboard learned the utility of permeable pavements on Superstorm Sandy, and what flooding can do to our districts without warning if we are not prepared. I am happy to report that that language in MAP–21 dealing with permeable pavements is making good progress toward technological innovation that will Improve storm water mitigation, water quality, and more while providing aesthetically appealing paving surfaces. 
that, while the FAST Act overlooked an opportunity to take that technology further, I am still looking for ways to move permeable pavement technologies into the mainstream where they can benefit our constituents and save taxpayer money as well. 
following material on passage of the FAST Act, and I hope that staff at FHWA and that the House and Senate will take note as well. MAP–21 authorized the Secretary to conduct technology transfer and adoption of permeable infiltration paving materials, practices, and systems that are designed to minimize environmental impacts, stormwater runoff, and flooding. Prior to MAP–21 and since, extreme rain events like Hurricanes Katrina and Rita, and Superstorm Sandy, have underscored the need for stormwater mitigation. We encourage the Secretary to accelerate work on permeable pavements in anticipation of future events like Katrina, Rita, and Sandy. The Secretary is encouraged to conduct research on full scale load testing in permeable pavements for street, highway, and road shoulders to decrease environmental impacts and enhance sustainability. The Secretary is encouraged to conduct permeable pavement projects that demonstrate flood control and stormwater pollutant and volume reductions, including mitigation of impacts from superstorms and hurricanes, and life cycle cost analysis compared to conventional impervious pavements. Projects may include reuse and integration of permeable pavements with other costeffective 
water conservation practices designed to treat, reduce, or remove pollutants by allowing stormwater runoff to retain infiltration capability similar to predevelopment hydrologic conditions, and for stormwater harvesting. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 22, the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation (FAST) Act. This longterm authorization of surface transportation programs will provide the certainty that states and municipalities need to plan and build out critical transportation infrastructure projects. 
This 5year, $305 billion measure represents a bipartisan compromise to help repair our crumbling infrastructure and secure our economic future while creating thousands of good paying jobs. As both a conferee to the transportation bill and the senior Texan on the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, I can say with strong confidence that this legislation is a goodfaith effort to make the important investments in our transportation infrastructure that our nation so desperately needs. While there are some shortcomings in the bill and some of us would like to have higher levels of investments be included, this bill will still help to further new and existing projects for the longterm. 
I am pleased to see that this bill supports 
research and development, including expanding university transportation center outreach to women and underrepresented populations. In going forward, I hope that we can do more to elevate our nation as a leader in multimodal transportation innovation. 
Mr. Speaker, Americans demand more investment in infrastructure and it is the responsibility of this Congress to make that investment. I applaud Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member D EFAZIO and other members from 
the various committees of jurisdiction for their hard work on this bill. Passage of this legislation is a strong first step in keeping America competitive and helping to build and maintain our nation’s critical transportation infrastructure. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 359, nays 65, not voting 9, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock 
Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett 
Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
DesJarlais Duffy Duncan (SC) Fleming Flores Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Grothman Harris Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Holding Hudson Huelskamp 
Huizenga (MI) Hurt (VA) Issa Jones Jordan Labrador Lamborn Marchant Massie McClintock Miller (FL) Mulvaney Neugebauer Nugent Palmer Pearce Pompeo Posey 
Ratcliffe Renacci Rohrabacher Roskam Salmon Sanford Schweikert Smith (TX) Stewart Tipton Walker Weber (TX) Wenstrup Wilson (SC) Yoder Yoho 
YOUNG of Indiana changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
Stated for: Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 672 
on final passage of H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, I would have voted ‘‘aye,’’ which is consistent with my position on this legislation. 
Speaker, on December 3, 2015, I was unable to vote on the Conference Report to accompany H.R. 22, the Surface Transportation Reauthorization and Reform Act of 2015 (rollcall No. 673). Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 666, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 667, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 668, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 669, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 670, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 671, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 672, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 673, I 
December 3rd, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to family reasons. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 666, on ordering the Previous Question providing for further consideration of H.R. 22; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 667, on H. Res. 546, providing for consideration of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 668, on the Cramer Amendment to H.R. 8; ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 669, on the Rouzer Amendment to H.R. 8; ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 670, on the Pallone Amendment to H.R. 8; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 671, on the motion to recommit H.R. 8; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 672, on passage of H.R. 8; ‘‘yea,’’ on rollcall 673, on passage of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22. 
Mr. TAKAI. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, December 3, I was absent from the House due to illness. Due to my absence, I am not recorded on any legislative measures for the day. I would like the record to reflect how I would have voted had I been present for legislative business. 
‘‘no’’ on rollcall 666, the previous question providing for consideration of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 667, the 
rule providing for consideration of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 668, the 
Cramer Amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 669, the 
Rouzer Amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 670, the 
Pallone Amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall 671, the 
I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on rollcall 672, final 
passage of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015. 
Agreeing to the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 22. 
on H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act. 
H.R. 8 contains a number of provisions that would negatively impact the environment and undermine our Nation’s ability to move away from fossil fuel. 
previously enacted initiatives to modernize America’s energy infrastructure and increase our energy efficiency and capacity and would provide unnecessary handouts to the fossil fuel industry at a time when we should be focusing on expanding our Nation’s clean, renewable energy portfolio. 
the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ) for the purpose of inquiring 
of the majority leader the schedule of the week to come. 
are expected in the House in order to accommodate Members going to the White House event. 
10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. Members are advised that the first votes of the week are expected midafternoon on Tuesday. 
at 10 a.m. for morning hour and noon for legislative business. On Thursday, the House will meet at 9 a.m. for legislative business. 
Last votes of the week are still to be 
determined, but Members are encouraged to keep their schedules flexible as we approach the end of the year. 
a number of suspensions next week, a complete list of which will be announced by close of business tomorrow. Included will be a bill to make urgent and necessary changes to the Visa Waiver Program. 
the visa waiver system to prevent terrorists from exploiting the system to come to America to wreak havoc. 
recommendations to improve the visa waiver system in a bipartisan way. I do want to thank the gentleman for his work and cooperation on this critical bill. 
H.R. 2130, the Red River Private Property Protection Act, sponsored by Representative MACTHORNBERRY , which 
will provide legal certainty to property owners in Texas. 
consider the conference report to H.R. 644, the Trade Facilitation and Trade Enforcement Act of 2015, as well as a bill to extend certain provisions of the Tax Code. 
also consider budget reconciliation, if the Senate acts on that measure. 
work that he has done on the Visa Waiver Program. His staff and my staff and the staff on Homeland Security on both sides of the aisle and the staff on the Judiciary Committee on both sides of the aisle, including the leaders on both sides, have worked very hard. 
I think we have come up with a bipartisan effort to keep America safer while at the same time providing for access to people who do not pose a threat to America or to Americans. 
that. I am pleased to have had the opportunity to work with him, and I look forward to the bill’s passing with big majorities next week. So I thank him for that. Mr. Leader, there is indication that 
the appropriation bills, or the omnibus, as we are now calling it, will come to the floor. Can the leader tell me whether or not we are making any progress on riders? 
Obviously, as I understand it, essentially, we have agreement on the allocation of the dollars, which of course is the responsibility of the Appropriations Committee, and that is what they do. 
Clearly, we seem to be having difficulty with the socalled riders—that is, additions to the appropriations bill—which accomplish legislative objectives either through a ‘‘none of the funds’’ provision or a legislative provision which would require a waiver. 
not we are making progress on eliminating riders that are controversial so that we can move the bill in a bipartisan fashion next week? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
As the gentleman knows, negotiations are ongoing. The appropriators are working hard in trying to wrap up the bill, and I will advise the Members as soon as action is scheduled in the House. 
terms of the timing of the omnibus. The existing CR, which is funding the government at the present time, expires as of midnight on the 11th. Does the gentleman have any insight as to the scheduling of the omnibus? 
and give enough time for the Senate to consider it and then for the President to sign it. 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
up legislative business in December is always unpredictable. In knowing that the omni is a larger bill, we want to allow plenty of time for Members to be able to see it and read it, but it is our intention to get it done by the deadline. 
If we have to move it a few days 
later, we shall. We are scheduled to be here until the 18th, but we will get our business done. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. I understand that we are here until 
the 18th. Does the gentleman contemplate the possibility of a short term CR from the 11th to the 18th at any point in time? 
and I certainly share his view on that. It will be better for the country and better for the House if we do that. 
extenders. Obviously, we have tax extenders that expired in December of 2014, which have not been extended. 
Does the gentleman have any knowledge as to whether or not we have reached an agreement on a tax extender bill and, if so, the substance of that and when it might be scheduled? 
I yield to my friend. Mr. MCCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
the aisle did not want to wait on tax extenders, and many times we have passed the bills here to make them permanent. 
There is good movement, and I hope to see that done very soon. When it is, I will advise the Members of the action to be taking place. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. Let me just observe to the majority 
leader, Mr. Speaker, that I have great reservations. I want to let the gentleman know that, on this side of the aisle, I think we have great reservations about doing in this short time that we have left any kind of comprehensive tax extender bill, which will adversely impact the possibility of tax reform, which all of us have said we want. 
taxes now, particularly making many, many items permanent, some of which I support making permanent, it will have an adverse effect on the ability to do a big tax reform bill, bring corporate rates down, look at preference items, and try to make sure that we have a fiscally responsible piece of legislation. 
So I would hope that there is an alternative, obviously, and that is a shortterm bill that the Senate has passed and that that would be part of the discussions as a fallback. 
I don’t know that I am for a larger 
bill that I have heard about, but I would hope, certainly, that the alternative that the Senate has passed would be an alternative if, in fact, we cannot get agreement on a bigger package so that we will have, at least for last year and the year to come, some certainty with respect to tax consequences of certain actions that private businesses may be taking. 
I yield to my friend if he has any 
we have philosophical differences. I think the greater certainty we can give to the American public, the more they can keep in their pockets and the stronger the economy is. I do not believe that if we solve tax extenders that that harms us in any way in getting overall tax reform. 
with you on overall tax reform, and hopefully we can work in the same manner that we were able to on the Visa Waiver Program. 
Mr. HOYER. I thank the gentleman. As I said on the floor a little earlier 
bipartisan fashion. Just a few minutes ago, we passed an infrastructurehighway transportation bill with overwhelming bipartisan support. 
we have been able to do this week, and I hope America and I and others can feel good about what we will do next week. 
comments, I yield back the balance of my time. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Monday, December 7, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
(Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, this morning, the Texas skies were not as big and they weren’t as bright. We lost Shirley Johnson, the wife of our hero and our colleague, SAMJOHNSON . 
and were married for over 65 years. The entire 8 years that SAMwas being tortured in Hanoi, Shirley kept a seat at the family dinner table for SAM. She 
He worried, how would his family react to the new SAM? As you can see, S AM 
had nothing to worry about. Led by Shirley, he was swarmed with love back home in Texas. 
and those Texas skies tonight will be as bright and big as ever. 
of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I rise to draw attention to the concerns and frustrations among parents, educators, business leaders, and so many others in my home State of New Mexico. 
Student Succeeds Act because I believe this legislation is better, quite frankly, than the status quo, and it will work to improve our education system. However, we cannot forget that many 
of New Mexico’s schools are in trouble. These troubled schools stem from a lack of leadership at both the Federal and State levels. 
of Education has not held New Mexico’s leadership accountable for this failure. In fact, the Federal Government has enabled our States, including New Mexico, to put special interests ahead of student success. 
New Mexico as 49th out of 51, with a D plus in preparing kids for college and a Dminus in K–12 achievement. 
State and Federal levels is harming a generation of New Mexico students. New Mexicans deserve far better. It is time we had leaders who take responsibility for improving our schools and that hold each other accountable when their actions are failing students. 
status quo, more needs to be done to help our students. I hope we will work together to do that. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge the House to bring the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act to a vote before the end of the year. 
were stationed at Fort Hood, Texas, celebrating the birth of our first son, Tommy. We watched in horror the attacks on the World Trade Center and on the Pentagon. Like many of you, we will never forget the brave efforts of the men and women who served as first responders on that tragic morning. 
my children have grown up in a post9/ 11 America. They will never know what America was like before those attacks, but they have been taught to look with 
pride at the heroes who risked their lives to help others. 
ask my colleagues to support a bill that protects the benefits of those first responders. 
up at 9/11 memorials to honor the first responders? How often do we talk about the heroes who rushed into those falling buildings when everybody else was running out? 
Now is our chance to do our part and 
give the men and women we call heroes the benefits they deserve. I encourage all of you to support the James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Reauthorization Act and bring it to a vote before the end of the year. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, over a 
month ago, I stood in this Chamber and delivered a message from San Diegans who were calling on Congress to expand background checks for gun purchases. Since then, Congress has done nothing. 
Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. What did Congress do? Nothing. 
Yesterday, there were deadly shootings in Houston, Savannah, and, in San Bernardino, 14 people were killed at a social services center. 
building in the Nation that could do something to curb this awful violence, and we cannot even get the Speaker of this House to let Congress vote to let us act on one of the several proposed laws that many of my colleagues and I support. 
enough. Moments of silence are not enough. Maybe, Mr. Speaker, instead of a moment of silence, the American people could get a moment of action— a moment of action that might keep their communities from being next. 
and their families, then we should do our jobs, and we should act now. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
mass production of cheap, reliable energy has powered the greatest expansion of wealth and opportunity in human history. It has resulted in higher living standards and improved health in the United States and around the globe. 
Notwithstanding this too often ignored reality, the President wants to commit the United States to even more stringent, antienergy regulations than those currently in place. The President’s Clean Power Plan alone is expected to increase our energy prices by nearly $300 billion over the next 15 years and reduce annual job creation by over 200,000. 
the impact of all of these rules on global temperature increases will be near zero. 
change alone. China, the world’s largest polluter, and other top emitters of global CO2emissions need to come to 
Fighting Against Imbalanced Regulatory Burdens Act, or H.R. 4169. This bill will prevent the EPA from imposing any restrictions on CO2emissions 
from power plants unless countries responsible for 80 percent of nonU.S. emissions have enacted similarly stringent policies. 
today to honor the life of longtime Tarrant County Democratic leader, Ms. Betty Fischer. 
moved to Arlington, Texas, with their three children. Eight years later, she completely dedicated herself to Tarrant County Democratic politics. She served as a party volunteer. She was also the first woman chair of the party in 1982. She helped get one of our former Congressmen, Martin Frost, elected to office back during that time period. She was just a great person. 
I can tell you that, in addition to her 
work for the Tarrant County Democratic Party and all her Democratic efforts, that she and her husband were also involved in the labor movement. She strongly believed that every man and woman in Tarrant County deserved the right to be able to take care of their family and make a decent living for them. 
There are very few left like her today. We were blessed to have her in Tarrant County. I am glad that our time on this Earth overlapped with each other, and I just wish her family all the best during this time period as they cope with their recent loss. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, yesterday two terrorists murdered 14 people in a gunfree zone in San Bernardino, California, and my heart certainly goes out to the residents of San Bernardino, all of California, and all of this country. 
revelations that these people had been radicalized and had traveled to the Middle East recently was that he felt they had ‘‘mixed motives.’’ His solution to this is to propose restrictions for lawabiding citizens’ access to guns. 
One, do you believe that further restricting lawabiding citizens’ access to guns would have solved this tragedy? 
last time we will see radical Islamic terrorism on our shores? 
(Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ great leaders, my friend, 
Parker Westbrook, who passed away last month at the age of 89. 
preservation will be missed in Arkansas and throughout our country. Throughout his life, he was at the forefront of preserving Arkansas’ history, earning the nickname, ‘‘Arkansas’s father of State preservation.’’ 
his work, including the Preservation Honor Award from the National Trust for Historic Preservation, and was acknowledged as a national treasure. 
worked together on the Historic Arkansas Museum, passionately expanding its exceptional museum and collections of Arkansasmade art, furniture, and mechanical arts. I will miss his encyclopedic knowledge of all things Arkansas. 
prayers for Parker’s many friends and loved ones. Parker Westbrook’s name will forever be preserved in our State and national history. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
today to honor Darrell Allen of Garland, Texas, who passed away on November 10, 2015, as a result of wounds received while he was serving his community. 
the city of Marlin. He selflessly served his community, and he will be greatly missed. 
Galveston, Texas. He graduated from Texas City High School and went on to obtain an associate’s degree in criminal justice from McLennan Community College in Waco, Texas. In his pursuit to better serve his community, Darrell returned to school and received his bachelor in criminal justice in May of this year. 
of becoming a police officer. He began his career in law enforcement in 1994 with the Galveston County Sheriff’s Department. Darrell’s distinguished career also included service with the Alvin Independent School District, the Hitchcock Police Department, the Danbury Police Department, the Arcola Police Department, the Harris County Precinct 6 Constable’s Office, and chief of police at the Lott Police Department. 
Marlin Police Department, where he proceeded to climb through the department ranks. He was promoted to assistant chief of police in 2006 and elevated to chief of police in 2009. 
focused his efforts on building police community relations and increasing juvenile safety. He consistently drove down the community’s crime rate. Today Marlin is one of the safest communities in America. His efforts garnered recognition for the Marlin Police Department from the Texas Police Chief Association’s Foundation for Law Enforcement Agency Best Practices Programs. 
our central Texas community. He loved his city, and he left an enduring impression on those he served. This is evident from the scores of residents who gathered together recently in memory of their fallen chief. He will forever be remembered for his devotion to public service, as a father to his children, and as a friend to countless Marlin citizens. 
and heartfelt condolences to the Allen family. We also lift up the family and friends of Darrell Allen in our prayers. 
continue to pray for our country, for our military men and women who protect us abroad, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
today to honor Diana R. Garland of Waco, Texas, who passed away on September 21, 2015. 
and a valued leader in the Baylor University community. She led a full life and will be greatly missed in our community. 
Oklahoma City. She earned her undergraduate, master’s, and doctoral degrees from the University of Louisville. After completing her degree, she went on to serve as professor of Christian family ministry and social work at the Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville. 
David, moved to Waco and joined the faculty at Baylor University. One year later, Diana was named the director of the university’s Center and Community Ministries. Under her leadership, Baylor University expanded its social work program. Later when the university created the School of Social Work, she was appointed its founding dean. 
oversaw the school’s rise to national recognition. Under her guidance, the School of Social Work grew to 20 full time faculty members and 240 graduate and undergraduate students. During her tenure, she helped raise more than $7 million for research and established an endowment of $14.5 million. 
school’s move to downtown Waco. This move allowed the school to triple its teaching and lab space. To commemorate her achievements as the school’s dean, the Board of Regents recently 
voted to name the university’s School of Social Work in her honor. 
Diana was the author, coauthor, and editor of 21 books and more than 100 
included: ‘‘Flawed Families of the Bible: How God’s Grace Works Through Imperfect Relationships’’; ‘‘Inside Out Families: Living the Faith Together’’; 
and ‘‘Why I Am a Social Worker: 25 Christians Tell Their Life Stories.’’ 
Baylor University while her husband, David Garland, served as the interim president from 2008 to 2010. 
1 of this year due to her battle with cancer. She enjoyed the last few months of her life taking in God’s beauty in Colorado. 
strong legacy at Baylor University and touched the lives of many. She will be forever remembered as a cherished mentor, a loving wife, and a visionary servant leader. 
and heartfelt condolences to the Garland family. We also lift up the family and friends of Diana Garland in our prayers. 
continue to pray for our country during these difficult times, for our military men and women who protect us abroad, and for our first responders who protect us here at home. 
policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise to address this esteemed House of Representatives on an issue that is facing the American people, an issue that is facing our great Nation from coast to coast. This is the issue of wanton, senseless murders of unarmed young Black men and women throughout this Nation. 
all seen on the many news platforms all across this Nation—the morning news, the noon news, the evening news—all have been punctuated with videotapes of unarmed Black men mostly, Hispanic men, men and women, boys and girls, teenagers, being shot down in cold blood by just a few—I want to emphasize ‘‘a few’’—rogue cops that hunt our Nation’s cities, that hide behind a badge and a gun. These rogue police officers operate not to serve and protect, but to commit murder and mayhem and use their badge, their official status to get away with it. 
to Get Away With Murder,’’ could use many departments all across this Nation as a formula, indeed as the plot of ‘‘How to Get Away With Murder.’’ 
going on in this Nation for far too long. 
time I stood before the Members of this body sharing with the Members of Congress the life and the murder of my best friends in Chicago, Fred Hampton and Mark Clark. They were both members of the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party. 
They were young men full of leadership abilities, young men who were committed to serving their neighbor, young men who were committed to try to uplift the African American community and similarly situated communities all across this Nation. 
about December 4, 1969, the day that Fred Hampton and Mark Clark were killed by the Chicago Police Department and the State’s Attorney’s police department in my city of Chicago. They were shot. 
the time that the police raided their apartment, Fred Hampton lay sleeping in his bed, that he had been drugged with a drug called Seconal, and that Fred had in his body at the time of his murder enough Seconal to immobilize an elephant. That is what the science and our pathologists indicated to us. 
the morning, members of the Chicago Police Department sneaked into the streets on the west side of the city of Chicago in utility trucks, trucks that had been decorated with the signage of the local gas company, and came in with murder in their hearts. They knocked on the door of the apartment. 
Mark Clark answered: ‘‘Who is it?’’ The police at the front door said: 
Mark said: ‘‘Tommy who?’’ The police at the front answered: 
down, they came in shooting with a machine gun and other automatic weapons, aiming to kill everybody in that apartment. 
front door, then that was a signal to those who were gathered in the rear, and they came bursting in, firing. Ninetynine shots all total went into that apartment. 
the investigations were concluded that possibly only one shot exited that apartment. One shot fired out and 99 fired in. Coldblooded murder 46 years ago. 
Nation cops are killing citizens, cold blooded, without any justification, and getting away with it. It is not only in Chicago, but all across this Nation, all across America. 
African American male killed by the Milwaukee Police Department in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on April 30, 2014, just a little over a year ago. 
father, was killed by the New York City Police Department on July 17, 
18yearold unarmed teenager, was killed by the Ferguson, Missouri, police department, a little over a year ago. 
Ezell Ford, an unarmed 25yearold mentally ill man, was killed by the Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles, California, August 11, 2014, a little over a year ago. 
yearold teenager, was killed by a member of the Chicago Police Department on October 20, 2014, a little over a year ago. 
in Cleveland, Ohio, Tamir Rice, a 12 yearold boy, was killed by the Cleveland Police Department on November 22, 2014. 
County, Georgia, Anthony Hill, a 27 yearold unarmed Air Force veteran, was killed by the DeKalb County Police Department on March 6, 2015, less than a year ago. 
Less than a year ago, Nicholas Thomas, a 23yearold unarmed Black man, again in my birth State of Georgia, in Smyrna, Georgia, was killed by the Smyrna Police Department on March 24, 2015, less than a year ago. 
Freddie Gray, a 25yearold Black man, while in custody of the Baltimore Police Department in Baltimore, Maryland, was killed on April 12, 2015, less than a year ago. 
yearold woman who was found hanging in a jail cell in Waller County, Texas, on July 13, 2015, less than a year ago. 
The list goes on, Mr. Speaker. November 16, 2015, Jamar Clark, a 24 
yearold unarmed Black man, was killed by a member of the Minneapolis Police Department, less than a month ago. 
others. In my city, a few years back, about 3 years ago, Rekia Boyd was killed by a police officer who was out of uniform, firing over his shoulder and striking Rekia Boyd in her head, killing her. 
The nowterminated expolice superintendent of the Chicago Police Department, Garry McCarthy, at the time of Rekia Boyd’s murder had the unmitigated gall to stand before the citizens of Chicago and say that this unarmed, young Black woman who was killed was the target, that the police officer aimed at the person who he killed. 
so many, many times. He fired over his shoulder into a crowd of people. 
departments, a cancer in our police departments, all across our very Nation. State by State, urban area by urban 
young Black men and young Black women are targets, fair game, for some who are wearing a badge and a gun and hiding behind a uniform and a vow that they don’t believe in and that doesn’t govern their lives and their official and unofficial duty. 
protecting. They believe in: How can we commit murder and get away with it? How can we murder those who don’t look like us, murder those who we stereotypically view as criminals and thugs? We have a right because we wear a badge. We have a gun and we have a uniform to hide behind. We have an unmitigated right to shoot them down at will. 
are only about 30 officers who have in excess of 10 citizen complaints against them. This police officer who was just indicted for the first time in the history of our city—only one police officer indicted for the murder of an unarmed Black man in Chicago—had 18 citizen complaints against him—18—mostly for excessive use of force. 
was he wearing a uniform? Why were our tax dollars being used to pay for his livelihood when he had no appreciation for the lives and the rights of American citizens 18 times? 
Laquan was walking away from him. That is what the video showed. Laquan McDonald wasn’t even within 20 feet of this police officer, now expolice officer. 
when Laquan McDonald was on the ground. He couldn’t have threatened him at all. He fired 16 rounds, 15 of them while Laquan McDonald was on the ground. He fired 16 rounds in 15 seconds. 
kinds of police atrocities occurring throughout the Nation. It is up to this body, Mr. Speaker, this Congress, to finally stand up and protect all of the people of this great Nation from these rogue cops who are roaming to and fro in our communities mercilessly, wantonly murdering our citizens, mostly Black and Latino young men and young women. 
a matter of days a resolution to establish a permanent select committee on the excessive use of force by America’s police departments, a permanent and select committee on excessive use of force by America’s—yours and mine, the Members of this body—police departments. 
committee on Planned Parenthood and women’s health, we can have a select committee on excessive use of force by America’s police departments. 
This select committee will be authorized and directed to conduct a full and complete investigation and study and 
to issue a report and recommendations of its findings to the House of Representatives regarding each of the following: 
Number two, create national guidelines on excessive use of force; 
reliable data on police shootings and use of excessive force, both lethal and nonlethal; 
national database to make available public data of citizen complaints filed against police officers and departments; 
data on police officers involved in shootings in the Uniform Crime Reporting Program; 
reporting of police departments on the number of justifiable homicides committed by those departments; 
Number seven, create effective training methods and mental counseling of police officers to increase their understanding of the word ‘‘threat’’ and weed out any indication of racial animus and hostility; 
Number eight, create adequate training for police officers dealing with mentally ill persons. 
and police do not know how to deal with them. Under this resolution, this select committee will require training for our Nation’s police to deal with mentally ill patients. 
on the rising cost of lawsuits and settlements that are indicative of problematic policing and civil rights violations and civil rights abuses. 
by repeating something that I said last year, and I intend to repeat this throughout the remaining days of my life. 
The murders, the political assassinations, the coldblooded murders of Fred Hampton and Mark Clark on December 4, 1969, will not be in vain. 
particularly young, unarmed African American boys and girls, Hispanic American boys and girls, other minorities, unarmed mentally ill Americans, unarmed White Americans, these murders by America’s police agencies must come to a screeching halt. Justice demands it. This Congress ought to promote it. 
ought to protect all of our citizens. We have to show and demonstrate, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that just because you have a badge, you wear a badge, just because you are dressed in a uniform, just because you have a gun, with a license to arrest and detain, just because you have those assets, those powers, you do not have a right, the authority, the power to commit cold blooded murder. And don’t believe, not for 1 millisecond, that you will continue to get away with it. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) is recognized for 
the remainder of the hour as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, may I inquire how much time I have. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 25 minutes remaining. 
Speaker, today, like so many Americans, we are in utter disbelief that our country is once again left reeling after yet another horrific massacre of innocent Americans. There is grave concern that this has become the norm. 
In fact, this is how the BBC characterized the shootings in California yesterday: 
America—another day of gunfire, panic, and fear. This time in California. 
But it could have been, as it was last 
week, in Colorado, or in Arizona, or Oregon, or South Carolina, or Nevada, or Wisconsin, or D.C., or in Georgia, where it also transpired. 
Hartford alone, there have been 28 deaths this year as a result of gun violence. 
In 11 days, we will be passing and observing the third anniversary of the mass murder of schoolchildren and their teachers at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut. 
In the 3 years since that tragic day in 
2012, when many thought, ‘‘Well now, finally now, this innocence, this slaughter of innocent children, surely there will be change. Surely the United States Congress will take a vote. Surely Congress will respond. They will take a vote. They will take action,’’ but as we did then, we will do next week. We will stand in silence, a respectful and heartfelt silence, for victims of what happened in California and Georgia just yesterday. It is something this Congress repeats in such a way that the BBC characterizes it as just another day in America. 
In the 3 years since that tragic day in 
December, in fact, there have been an additional—additional—1,000 mass shootings in the United States of America. One thousand mass shootings in the United States of America—that averages almost a mass shooting per day—and yet not a single vote, not a vote. Irrespective of where you stand on the issue, in the great Chamber 
where the country looks to for leadership, not a single vote. 
chart that I think graphically displays what has been going on in this country to illustrate a point—a sad point, no matter how you view this chart. 
more people in the United States of America than AIDS, illegal drug overdoses, wars, and terrorism combined. Gun violence has taken more individuals than all these other tragedies and calamities combined. 
as the families of victims, they hear the remorse, they hear the platitudes, they observe the moments of silence and the laying of wreaths, but there is no action that comes from the United States Congress. These statistics should stagger anyone who reads them and compel Congress to take action, any action, to address this epidemic of gun violence. 
you believe, as I do, that we should have commonsense, universal background checks so that we keep guns out of the hands of criminals, the mentally ill, and terrorists on a watch list, this is common sense. This is what I believe the Nation should be doing, and I believe, frankly, so do a majority of people in this Chamber and throughout this country, but we have yet to take a vote. We have yet, though there are bills on the floor, though they are bipartisan. At least the Senate, in a bill sponsored by Senator JOEMANCHIN , 
Whether you believe that it is a panacea or not or that it will somehow help, or maybe not, aren’t the citizens of this country, aren’t the families of the victims entitled to a vote? What do we owe our constituents if not a vote? 
If the United States Congress continues to remain silent, as it has, I submit, we are complicit in these deaths every time we remain silent and every time we take no action. 
frankly, to vote. We are protected in this building by police. We are surrounded by armed guards. There is nothing that threatens any Member of Congress from doing his constitutional responsibility to vote. 
Garrett Swasey did just last week, giving his life in the line of duty, defending and protecting people under siege. 
about terrorist threats? There is real terrorism happening in America every day: more than 1,000 mass shootings since Sandy Hook, deaths on our streets due to gun violence. 
We could rush in a matter of days to 
this floor when an outrage occurred in Paris, rush to this floor in days with legislation to deal with refugees, and yet, in our own country, in our own cities across this Nation and throughout our States, can we not have a vote in 
people will disagree and perhaps think that background checks are not necessary or won’t solve the problem. Maybe that is true. I don’t believe so. But aren’t we entitled to a vote? Aren’t those victims of those families entitled to a vote? Do their voices mean anything? 
spoken, and if the vote succeeds, this body will have spoken also and will have an opportunity to see its results and observe it. 
body works. To be denied the opportunity to vote only, in my mind, makes us further complicit to the tragedies that are happening all across this country. 
of gunfire, panic, and fear. How about a day where Congress actually votes, where Members actually stand up and are accountable for what they say they believe in so no matter how you feel on this issue—and I truly respect people who disagree with me. 
But I would like to have the opportunity to vote the conscience of my constituency and the beliefs that I deeply hold. It would seem to me that, in this day and age, in this body, we ought to be able to do that. 
not many people listening to my remarks right now, and I realize that Americans are incredibly frustrated with the United States Congress in general because of its inaction on so many levels. 
across America, whether you are opposed to universal background checks or you are in favor of them, to call their Representatives and demand of them before they go home to enjoy the Christmas holidays, before we adjourn, that we take a vote on this issue. Demand that we show you where we stand on commonsense background checks. 
what is there to hide from? We need to take a vote. Americans need to know where we stand. This isn’t a profile in courage; this is our responsibility. 
been studied, and it has supporters on both sides. There is a discharge petition on the floor, but, frankly, this bill ought to be brought to the floor and voted on. 
Chamber. It is my understanding that HARRY REID will include it as an 
amendment. The Senate then will have voted twice, and the House remains silent. We need to vote. 
would much rather be known by the votes I have taken than the speeches I have made, the press releases that have gone out, and the 30second sound bites that will follow. I would like to be known, as I believe all Members of this body would, for the votes I have taken standing up on behalf of my constituents. 
there is a famous quote from Daniel Webster, and I paraphrase that quote. Webster asked aloud of all Members of this body whether, in our day and generation, we will perform something for which we will be remembered. I ask this body for a vote for which we will be remembered. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair and not to a perceived viewing audience. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
years ago this week that a precious life was cut short tragically. Kari Renee Hunt, a resident of Marshall, Texas, was murdered by her estranged husband in a hotel. 
the estranged husband was assaulting Kari, her 9yearold daughter, while witnessing the murder, did what most parents teach their kids to do in an emergency. She dialed 911—and got nothing. 
old—and the family hasn’t used her name publicly, so I will not either— what the precious girl didn’t know is what a lot of folks dialing 911 in that situation wouldn’t know, that you have to dial 9 before you can dial 911. In order to dial the 911, you need to dial the 9 prefix in order to get an outside line. 
She was desperately trying to get help to save her mother before the assault turned into murder. She never got help, not in time. 
tirelessly to try to get something done. The State legislature in Texas has enacted a law, but from the Federal Government end, we can make it universal across the country. 
Mr. Speaker, our bill is a little different. I was surprised to find out that, actually, most of the time, there is no cost whatsoever to requiring that a phone be furnished to a business or a home or anywhere where there might be a need to punch 9 to get an outside line—there is no cost to having a default that you can dial 911 without the prefix, and it will go straight to the emergency help. 
there was no reason not to have a law that just tells providers, provide the phone so that the default when you dial 911 is to get emergency help, that 
you don’t need a prefix to get an outside line. 
I am thankful to Hank Hunt for his tireless work—a number of groups have made this easier to come together on language that was acceptable to most. There were a couple of objections, but this is the final language. 
with AH&LA, the American Hotel & Lodging Association; FCC Commissioner Pai; and the 911 Association. 
H.R. 4167, and, as it says in the bill, the purpose is to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 911 without dialing an additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix. That is the purpose. 
It is a short bill of three pages. If it 
had been the law 2 years ago, help would likely have gotten there before Kari’s murder was final. So, while this legislation will not reverse the heartbreaking loss of Kari, Kari’s law should prevent it from happening again. And when it doesn’t cost anything, why not? 
have helped, and, actually, I want to thank the news media in east Texas for being so helpful in bringing attention to this issue and helping us get to the point where we are. 
Now we have to get through committee and get it to the floor. We have Senators, one in particular, looking at it to bring to the Senate floor so we can get this done and make it law. 
bill, so I would doubt the President would refuse to sign it if we would just pass it. 
Bernardino, I guess it shouldn’t have been surprising that so many people would immediately call out for gun control even before they knew how Farouk—the defendants, the shooters, the evil shooters, acquired their guns. 
were 13 bombs already made, a number of bombs already made. So if guns were completely outlawed in the United States, it wouldn’t change the evil in the hearts of radical Islamists who are bent on terrorizing and killing people. 
people feel like they always have to say, ‘‘All Muslims we know don’t feel this way,’’ yet they have no conviction and no compulsion, when they condemn Christians as being guilty of crusades, of saying, ‘‘But we know all Christians don’t feel this way.’’ 
the fact is I don’t know whether that shooter in Colorado Springs was self described as a Christian or not. He obviously was confused about his gender. 
that—since he apparently checked off— or it is reported that he had filed a registration where he indicated he was an 
unaffiliated female, perhaps the next we will be told is that maybe, if he had been allowed to go into the little girl’s restroom in elementary school, he wouldn’t have later snapped and did those merciless killings. 
a former prosecutor, a judge, also—I don’t know if there is anybody else in this body of 435 representatives or anybody in the Senate—I don’t know—who has ever been courtappointed to appeal a death penalty conviction as I was. 
to appoint me, he did. And I do believe in our adversarial system to the point like John Adams said after the Boston Massacre, for our system to work, it requires adversaries on both sides doing the best they can legally and ethically. 
he had not gotten a fair trial. I later convinced the highest court in Texas to reverse his capital murder conviction, which it did. I don’t know how many others in this body or the Senate have appealed and reversed a capital murder conviction. People always think I am such a heartless guy, but I do believe in the rule of law and I do believe it should be followed. 
I don’t believe it helps the lawlessness that is breaking out across our land to have an administration that picks and chooses the laws that it likes to enforce and have an IRS that abuses their positions in the law, that has Homeland Security that deletes thousands of documents that would help us identify terrorists and then go after the guy that preserved them on his own classified IronKey. 
He is a real hero, but he has now been 
forced out of Homeland Security. He resigned. But after they empanelled a grand jury to investigate him, became terrorists in the way that the government treated them, not with guns, but with the power of this administration. 
I mean, with somebody as lawabiding as some of our whistleblowers have been only to find that this administration will come after you if you try to stand up for truth and integrity, can we not expect lawlessness to break out? John Adams wrote: This government was intended for the governing of a moral and religious people. It is not fit to govern any others. 
saying there is nowhere in the world that has the frequency of shootings like this or mass murders like we do in the United States. But, as I have mentioned before, there was an article by Kyle Becker 4 months ago. He has a chart and says, if you don’t compare apples and oranges, if you actually compare the number of rampage shooting fatalities to the number of people in the country, then Norway is first, 15.3 per million; 1.85 per million in Finland; 1.47 per million in Slovakia; 1.38 in Israel; .75 in Switzerland; and .72 per million in the United States. The trouble is the loss of even one 
life is unnecessary, and appropriate steps should be taken to prevent them. 
out today in National Review. He says—this is John Lott: 
slammed Republicans for not being serious about protecting Americans from terrorism. ‘How many more Americans need to die before we take action?’ Clinton asked in response to Friday’s shooting at a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs. She believes that stopping such attacks involves ‘commonsense steps like comprehensive background checks, closing the loopholes that let guns fall into the wrong hands.’ Within minutes of the attack in San Bernardino, California, yesterday, Clinton pushed again for more regulations. 
terrorism by prohibiting people on the nofly list from buying guns. ‘If you are too dangerous to fly in America, you are too dangerous to buy a gun in America.’’’ 
I have got one of the most patriotic friends I know who is a highly decorated general in the United States Army who lived just outside Marshall, Texas. 
to help the general, this patriotic freedomloving American, who has put his life on the line repeatedly. We have had to repeatedly work to get his name off the nofly list because, apparently, there is someone with a similar name. And whoever that person is, this patriot’s name is on the list. 
Well, John Lott goes on: ‘‘Are Republicans really putting 
and President Obama have called for ‘comprehensive’ or ‘universal’ background checks, which would apply not only to the purchase of guns from a dealer, but also to private transfers of guns. However, it wouldn’t have stopped any of the mass shootings during Obama’s tenure. Last weekend, Clinton, Obama, and other Democrats issued their calls for new legislation before anyone even knew how the Colorado shooter had obtained his rifle. 
background checks two years ago. So had Oregon before the Umpqua Community College shooting in October. France also has a backgroundcheck system. So too does California, which experienced yesterday’s attack. Yet, while the existing laws didn’t stop shootings of the very kind Clinton claims that they will stop, she uses these failures to justify imposing similar laws on the rest of the country. 
system is supposed to prevent the purchase of a gun by anyone who has been convicted of a felony or certain misdemeanors. The Feinstein amendment would also ban the sale of guns to anyone who is on the terrorist watch list. 
sounds bad, but it doesn’t mean that a person has been convicted of anything. In fact, it is pretty easy to get on the watch list; you can be on it simply because the FBI wants to interview you about someone you might know. According to the TechDirt website, about 40 percent of the people on the watch list are considered to be under ‘reasonable suspicion’ even though they have absolutely ‘no affiliation with known terrorist groups.’ 
grown dramatically during the Obama administration; by 2013, there were about 700,000 people on the list. As of 2014, about 50,000 people were on the no fly list. This is a tenfold increase since Obama became president. 
‘‘Between February 2004 and December 2014, over 2,000 people on the watch list bought one or more guns. The government has not identified a single one of these people as using a gun in a crime. 
deny you the right to protect yourself simply because it wants to ask you about someone you might know? And that isn’t the only problem posed by the proposed expanded background checks. In New York, today’s background checks add about $80 to the cost of transferring a gun. In Washington State, they add about $60. In Washington, D.C., they add $200. In effect, these laws put a tax on guns and can prevent less affluent Americans from purchasing them. This disproportionately affects poor minorities who live in highcrime urban areas. 
are there because they are suspected of terrorist activity, you can also get added because you are a suspect in a criminal case, made controversial statements or tweets unrelated to terrorism, are the victim of a clerical error, or refused to become a government informant.’’ 
was leaving London, I had a security person tell me they realized I was a U.S. Congressman and, ‘‘We are very sorry,’’ but that our Homeland Security Department here in the United States said I was to be thoroughly personally searched along with my bags. 
my questioning of the Secretary of Homeland Security and were threatened by my questions trying to get truth out of them. 
‘‘Between February 2004 and December 2014, over 2,000 people on the watch list bought one or more guns.’’ It is pretty amazing there. But not one of them—not a single one of those people have been accused of using a gun in a crime. 
law to be changed, it would not have changed the outcome in Oregon, Colorado, or California. It seems as if my wellmeaning friends proposing tougher and tougher laws to take away our Second Amendment rights mean well, but they are proposing things without 
even knowing whether they would save a single life. Certainly they will take away rights of lawabiding Americans, but they certainly would not have changed the outcome in Colorado or California. 
‘‘The error rate for identifying potential terror threats is probably similar to the error rate for background checks on gun purchases. Over 94 percent of ‘initial denials’ for gun purchases are dropped after just a preliminary review. These cases were dropped either because the wrong person had been stopped or because the covered offenses were decades old and the government decided not to prosecute. The total 
‘‘Putting people on a list and prohibiting them from legally purchasing guns doesn’t really stop them from getting weapons. The fact that people are prohibited from buying certain drugs doesn’t mean people can’t get them. It’s the same with guns. And, incidentally, drug gangs supply both illegal drugs and illegal guns. 
a comparison to last week’s Paris attacks, we should point out that France’s strict weapon bans didn’t stop the terrorists from getting the AK–47s and explosive belts they used in the attacks. 
California, and Paris shootings are being used to push for additional gun control laws of the sort that failed to prevent those attacks.’’ 
today, I had to be sure that it would make a difference and that the added burden would not cause any extra effort, cost money, hardly ever, just something that needed to be done. 
our country, whereas, the laws being hailed as something we must pass wouldn’t have saved a single one of the lives that we will pause in silence and for whom most of us will pray. 
are being reviled. Certainly, in the Middle East, they are being beheaded. Here, in the United States, after leaders talked about praying for the victims’ families, there have been belittling comments made. 
‘‘God who gave us life gave us liberty. And can the liberties of a nation be thought secure when we have removed their only firm basis, a conviction in the minds of the people that these liberties are of the gift of God? that they are not to be violated but with His wrath? Indeed, I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just; that His justice cannot sleep forever.’’ 
Jefferson, on March 4, 1805, in his second inaugural, said: ‘‘. . . I shall, need to the favor of that 
Being in whose hands we are, who led our forefathers, as Israel of old, from their native land and planted them in a country flowing with all the necessities and comforts of life.’’ 
of Public Humiliation and Prayer Proclamation, James Madison, who is given credit for being the most prolific author in the Constitution, said: 
ever be worthy of the favorable regard of the Holy and Omniscient Being to whom it is addressed, it must be that in which those who join in it are guided only by their free choice, by the impulse of their hearts, and the dictates of their consciences; and such a spectacle must be interesting to all Christian nations as proving that religion, that gift of Heaven for the good of man, freed from all coercive edicts, from that unhallowed connection with the powers of this world which corrupts religion . . . and making no appeal but to reason, to the heart, and to the conscience, can spread its benign influence everywhere and can attract to the divine altar those freewill offerings of humble supplication, thanksgiving, and praise, which alone can be acceptable to Him . . . ’’ 
country’s history where we have gone from, not nine Supreme Court Justices—most of the time, it is just five— who have said, even though the Founders have been requiring every day to start with prayer since the beginning of the new Constitution, we don’t think you should have prayer in public places. 
been a shocker to the Founders since they started with prayer in the very beginning and have continued through to this day. 
that they don’t think you should talk about Jesus. You can talk about Mohammed, and you can talk all about Islam, but you can’t talk about Jesus Christ. We have even had Federal judges say you can’t mention the name 
‘‘God’’ in your graduation ceremony. Our judicial system has a small group of judges who has run amuck, who has lost its way, and it has taken the country with them. 
Abraham Lincoln said: ‘‘It is the duty of nations as well as 
of men, to own their dependence upon the overruling power of God, to confess their sins and transgressions, in humble sorrow, yet with assured hope that genuine repentance will lead to mercy and pardon; and to recognize the sublime truth, announced in the Holy Scriptures and proven by all history, that those nations only are blessed whose God is the Lord.’’ 
Abraham Lincoln said: ‘‘We have forgotten God. We have forgotten the gracious hand which preserved us in peace and multiplied and enriched and strengthened us; and we have vainly imagined, in the deceitfulness of our hearts, that all these blessings were produced by some superior wisdom and virtue of our own. Intoxicated with unbroken success, we have become too selfsufficient to feel the necessity of redeeming and preserving grace, too proud to pray to the God that made us. 
‘‘It behooves us then to humble ourselves before the offended Power, to confess our national sins, and to pray for clemency and forgiveness.’’ 
in U.S. history to have been President and Chief Justice—or any Justice—on the Supreme Court. 
In 1908, William Howard Taft said: ‘‘No man can study the movement of 
modern civilization from an impartial standpoint and not realize that Christianity and the spread of Christianity are the only basis for the hope of modern civilization and the growth of popular selfgovernment. The spirit of Christianity is pure democracy. It is the equality of man before God, the equality of man before the law, which is, as I understand it, the most godlike manifestation that man has been able to make.’’ 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a medical appointment. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 22 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, December 7, 2015, at noon for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Legislative Affairs, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, transmitting the Bureau’s report on the impact of the Credit 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20153969; Directorate Identifier 2014 SW010AD; Amendment 3918318; AD 201523 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
House Administration. H.R. 195. A bill to terminate the Election Assistance Commission (Rept. 114–361). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Administration. H.R. 412. A bill to reduce Federal spending and the deficit by terminating taxpayer financing of presidential election campaigns (Rept. 114–362, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. 
Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 3869. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require State and local coordination on cybersecurity with the national cybersecurity and communications integration center, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–363). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 3106. A bill to authorize Department major medical facility construction projects for fiscal year 2015, to amend title 38, United States Code, to make certain improvements in the administration of Department medical facility construction projects, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–364). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2915. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to identify mental health care and suicide prevention programs and metrics that are effective in treating women veterans as part of the evaluation of such programs by the Secretary; with an amendment (Rept. 114–365). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1107. A bill to require the Secretary of the Interior to submit to Congress a report on the efforts of the Bureau of Reclamation to manage its infrastructure assets; with an amendment (Rept. 114–366). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. S. 1580. An act to allow additional appointing authorities to select individuals from competitive service certificates (Rept. 114–367). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
and Government Reform. S. 1629. An act to revise certain authorities of the District of Columbia courts, the Court Services and Offender Supervision Agency for the District of Columbia, and the Public Defender Service for the District of Columbia, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–368). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 4165. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a tax incentive for the installation and maintenance of mechanical insulation property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to provide specific credit risk retention requirements to certain qualifying collateralized loan obligations; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. T HOMPSON of California, 
H.R. 4167. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require multiline telephone systems to have a default configuration that permits users to directly initiate a call to 911 without dialing any additional digit, code, prefix, or postfix, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4168. A bill to amend the Small Business Investment Incentive Act of 1980 to require an annual review by the Securities and Exchange Commission of the annual governmentbusiness forum on capital formation that is held pursuant to such Act; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. B ARR, Mrs. N OEM, Mr. 
Mr. C RAMER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 4169. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act to prohibit any regulation under such Act concerning the emissions of carbon dioxide from a fossil fuelfired electric generating unit from taking effect until the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency makes certain certifications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4170. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Labor, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to draft disclosures describing the rights and liabilities of customers of domestic care services and require that such services provide such disclosures to customers in any contract for such 
H.R. 4171. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to prohibit the operation of certain aircraft not complying with stage 4 noise levels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. R ENACCI , Ms. M OORE , Mr. D UFFY , 
Mr. H IMES, Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. C ARNEY, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H INOJOSA , 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. S TIVERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 4172. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to clarify Federal law with respect to reporting certain positive consumer credit information to consumer reporting agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself and Ms. MCCOLLUM): 
H.R. 4173. A bill to provide that an alien 
who has traveled to Iraq or Syria during the 5year period prior to the alien’s application for admission is ineligible to be admitted to the United States under the visa waiver program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
that promotes reforms in workforce education and skill training for manufacturing in States and metropolitan areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Science, Space, and Technology, and Appropriations, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4175. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a deduction for conservation expenditures to reduce groundwater consumption; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4176. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to limit the recovery of damages in a civil action related to the disclosure of certain personal information from State motor vehicle records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. B UCK, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. P OSEY , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. S ALMON , 
Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
AMODEI , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. W ILSON  
H.R. 4177. A bill to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to prohibit the acceptance by political committees of online contributions from certain unverified sources, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
H.R. 4178. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend the work opportunity tax credit and to allow small employers a credit against income tax for hiring individuals receiving unemployment compensation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico (for himself, Mr. PALLONE , Ms. 
ESHOO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of 
H.R. 4179. A bill to direct the Federal Communications Commission to promulgate regulations requiring material in the online public inspection file of a covered entity to be made available in a format that is machinereadable; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
financial and administrative controls and procedures to assess and mitigate fraud risks, and to improve Federal agencies’ development and use of data analytics for the purpose of identifying, preventing, and responding to fraud, including improper payments; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. PASCRELL , and Mr. B LUM): 
H.R. 4181. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the incentives for the production of biodiesel; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 4182. A bill to require the lender or 
servicer of a home mortgage, upon a request by the homeowner for a short sale, to make a prompt decision whether to allow the sale; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
for fentanyl trafficking; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
for designation of February 12, 2016, as ‘‘Darwin Day’’ and recognizing the importance of science in the betterment of humanity; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. 
HASTINGS , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T AKANO , 
Mr. K EATING , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. P OLIS, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. S PEIER , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
GALLEGO , Ms. H AHN, Mr. L OEBSACK , 
Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. R USH, Mr. 
LEWIS, Mr. M OULTON , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , 
Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. S CHIFF , 
Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. T ITUS, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. 
PASCRELL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. E STY, Ms. 
GARAMENDI , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. H ECKof 
MCCOLLUM , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. MCDERMOTT , Mrs. D INGELL , Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ASS, 
Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. S INEMA , 
York, Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. M CNERNEY , 
KIND, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. 
BONAMICI , Ms. P INGREE , Miss R ICEof 
SCHULTZ , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M ICHAEL  
F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. B EYER , and Ms. 
for the designation of June 26 as ‘‘LGBT Equality Day’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
GOODLATTE , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. J UDY 
LAWRENCE , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. U PTON , Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
KILDEE , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. L OFGREN , 
achievements of Berry Gordy, Jr. and the musical history he created through Motown Records; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
importance of the United StatesIsrael economic relationship and encouraging new areas of cooperation; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
MULLIN , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and Mr. R YANof Ohio): 
for health and wellness coaches and ‘‘National Health and Wellness Coach Recognition Week’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. ZINKE (for himself, Mr. COFFMAN, Mrs. L OVE, Mr. W ILSON of South 
Carolina, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. P OMPEO , 
Mr. R USSELL , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mrs. 
BABIN, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. G UTHRIE , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. R OYCE , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. L ONG, Mr. Z ELDIN , 
Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. C OLLINS  
H. Res. 553. A resolution urging the President and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to submit to Congress the text of all side agreements entered into between the IAEA and Iran with respect to the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4165. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4166. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4167. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce Clause, ‘‘Congress shall [also] have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution’’ its power to regulate Commerce among the several States. U.S. Constitution Article I, §8, clause 18. 
H.R. 4168. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes:’’ as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4169. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 4170. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I; Section 8; Clauses 3 and 18 of the 
H.R. 4171. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power [. . .] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States . . .’’ 
H.R. 4172. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 1. 
H.R. 4173. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause 
H.R. 4174. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 4175. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution that states ‘‘the Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defence and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4176. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 4177. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, the Necessary and Proper Clause 
for the District of Columbia held in Bluman v. FEC that ‘‘It is fundamental to the definition of our national political community that foreign citizens do not have a constitutional right to participate in, and thus may be excluded from, activities of democratic selfgovernment.’’ Bluman specifically addressed and prohibited political campaign contributions to U.S. elections. 
Given that the Stop Foreign Donations Affecting Our Elections Act supplements the intent of these rulings and the 1966 law that banned such contributions, it is both within the scope of Congress’s power and is thus constitutional. 
H.R. 4178. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
By Mr. BEN RAY LUJA ´N of New Mexico: 
H.R. 4179. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4180. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 4181. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common 
defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that states Congress has the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 4183. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that states Congress has the power ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 158: Ms. S INEMA , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
NUNES , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
PITTENGER , Ms. E STY, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. C OLLINS of New York, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. 
WALORSKI , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OOK, Mrs. 
BLACK , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. D ONOVAN , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. H ARPER , 
H.R. 379: Mr. G IBSON and Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 1076: Mr. H ONDA , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
DONOVAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. 
DUCKWORTH , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. D ELBENE, and 
H.R. 1197: Ms. G RAHAM and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. G UINTA . 
H.R. 1288: Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. F OSTER , and 
H.R. 1399: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 1728: Mr. S CHRADER , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. 
DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, and Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 1736: Mr. D OLD, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. 
H.R. 2874: Mr. I SSAand Mr. S CHWEIKERT . 
H.R. 2880: Mr. R USH, Mr. E LLISON , and Mr. 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , and Mr. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 3051: Mr. K ILDEE , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. 
RICHMOND , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ONAMICI , and 
H.R. 3326: Mr. C HAFFETZ and Mr. J ODY B. 
H.R. 3437: Mr. B URGESS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
BARTON , Mr. F LORES , Mr. S MITH of Texas, 
Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. O LSON , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. 
HAHN, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. S CHIFF , and Mr. F ARR. 
LAWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. V ELA´QUEZ , Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
H.R. 3785: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 3808: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 3846: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. K ILMER , and 
H.R. 3880: Mrs. W AGNER and Mr. H ULTGREN . 
H.R. 3917: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Ms. F UDGE , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and 
H.R. 3940: Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 4084: Mr. K NIGHT and Ms. A DAMS . H.R. 4087: Ms. P INGREE . 
H.R. 4131: Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H. Res. 432: Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. L AMALFA , and Mr. P ETERS . 
H. Res. 467: Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. 
LINDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. C LAY, Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. C OOPER , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H. Res. 535: Mr. C OLLINS of New York. 
H. Res. 544: Mr. G RAVES of Louisiana and 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8323 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 3, 2015 No. 175 