Mr. BERA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the success of the Asian American Hotel Owners Association, known as AAHOA. Founded in 1989, AAHOA is the world’s largest hotel owners association and the leading voice of hotel owners in the United States. I am proud to count myself and my family as members. 
This year, AAHOA celebrates its 26th anniversary in Long Beach, California at its annual convention. AAHOA’s growth and success over the years serves as a testament to the American dream. As first and second generation Indian Americans, AAHOA members and their families immigrated to the United States seeking opportunity. These entrepreneurs found this opportunity in the hotel business, and over a quarter century later, AAHOA members have a profound influence on the hospitality industry. 
small business owners who own nearly 50 percent of all hotels in America, employ more than 600,000 workers, and have an annual payroll of almost $12 billion. AAHOA members are critical to growing the economy, creating jobs, and providing safe, reliable, and affordable lodging for millions of travelers. And, we in Congress owe it to these small business owners to create an environment where they can grow. 
I’m also honored to recognize AAHOA chairman Pratik Patel for his exceptional leadership this past year. A second generation hotelier, Pratik lives in San Antonio, Texas with his wife, Akta, his daughters, Jayna and Misha, and his parents, Ravindra and Lilawatiowns. As the cofounder and principal partner at REM Hospitality, he manages more than a dozen hotel and other real estate properties where he applies the lessons of hard work and perseverance he learned growing up in the hotel industry. 
has lead the association to record levels of membership, a unified public policy advocacy program, and unparalleled industry leadership. I am proud to commend Pratik on his accomplishments and his dynamic leadership in his community and industry. 
I would also like to recognize AAHOA’s officers, Vice Chairman Jay ‘‘Jimmy’’ Patel, Treasurer Bharat ‘‘Bruce’’ Patel, Secretary Bhavesh B. Patel and President Chip Rogers, along with AAHOA’s 25 past chairmen whose dedication to the organization and the hospitality industry have helped to create jobs, promote investment in their local communities, and grow America’s economy. 
I am proud of AAHOA’s growth and look forward to working with them in the future. CELEBRATING THE 36TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise to commemorate the 36th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA), which was passed by the United States Congress and signed into law on April 10, 1979. The TRA provides a basis for relations between the United States and Taiwan. 36 years later, the TRA remains the foundation of the continuous bilateral relationship between our two countries and represents the United States’ commitment to the people on Taiwan. 
Since the enactment of the TRA, Washington and Taipei have enjoyed a robust partnership based on the shared values of democracy, economic freedom, and rule of law. Since passage of the TRA, Taiwan has flourished into a democracy and is well positioned to play an important role economically in the AsiaPacific, and globally. In 2014, Taiwan became our 10th largest trading partner, surpassing India and Saudi Arabia. The TRA provides the confidence that has allowed Taiwan to govern itself, expand trade with the global marketplace, and engage in productive relations. 
The United States and Taiwan share a common commitment to freedom, democracy, and a government elected by the people, for the people. As we commemorate the 36th anniversary of the TRA, I look forward to Taiwan’s continued growth as a trade and security partner and celebrate its relationship with the United States. 
commend the RowanKannapolis ABC and RowanSalisbury Schools on educating more than 100,000 students on the dangers of underage drinking in middle schools and high schools across Rowan County. 
RowanSalisbury Schools have worked together for more than a decade encouraging students not to drink underage through a series of assemblies at schools in the region. Since the RowanKannapolis ABC started the program in 2003, their initiative has served as a model for similar programs across the state. 
former Washington Redskins coach and current NASCAR team owner Joe Gibbs to bring famous athletes and other notable guest 
speakers to talk with the students and share reallife testimonies of struggles they have faced. 
Plan for Life,’’ will emphasize that ‘‘decisions equal our destiny.’’ The assembly series will impact about 4,650 students in North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District. 
bringing together our community to make a difference in student decisionmaking regarding alcohol. I would also like to commend Mr. Terry Osborne of the RowanKannapolis ABC Board, Rowan County Sheriff Kevin Auten, and Salisbury Police Chief Rory Collins for their continued support of this program. 
rise today to recognize a truly innovative set of brothers. Just last month, I met with Brandon and Sebastian Martinez, businesssavvy 7 and 9yearold brothers and students who I have the honor to represent in Congress. They are an example of how one is never too young to follow their dreams. Ever since Sebastian and Brandon were toddlers they had a fascination with socks. They had collected a variety of colorful, eccentric, and patterned pairs. Their mother, Rachel Martinez, decided to have them design their own. They began in May of 2014 with their small business ‘‘Are You Kidding?’’ and rapidly skyrocketed onto the national stage when they presented their idea to Daymond John, an investor on the hit television show ‘Shark Tank’, and George Stephanopoulos from ‘Good Morning America’. They have sold their socks to many different stores and have donated thousands of dollars of their earnings to the American Cancer Society. Small businesses like that of the Martinez brothers make up the fabric of our economy. They have demonstrated their commitment to charitable causes and today I would like to recognize them for their leadership and commitment to our community. 
point out an absurdity that my constituents have long realized—and communities in Minnesota have had to deal with—but one that remains lost on the Administration. 
Xcel Energy’s Prairie Island Nuclear Generating Plant sits on an island in the middle of 
the Mississippi River in Minnesota’s 2nd Congressional District of which I proudly represent. 
for Xcel Energy customers in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota, Wisconsin, and Michigan making it an important part of the region’s energy infrastructure. 
solution, all fuel generated in its 42 years of operation has been stored onsite. That equates to 2,550 used fuel assemblies and close to 1000 metric tons of nuclear waste sitting on an island in the middle of the Mississippi River. 
Mr. Speaker, this is absurd. In 2009, the Administration ended the Yucca 
program without any alternative strategy and after taxpayers already spent 15 billion dollars to ensure the safety and security of the Yucca Mountain site. 
us open to both environmental and national security risks. Minnesotans know too well the threat of homegrown terrorism with recent threats made to the Mall of America. We need a safe and secure site to store our nuclear waste out of the reach of potential terrorists. We need to move forward with Yucca Mountain. 
Mr. Speaker, my constituents and all Minnesotans deserve better and I join my colleagues today in urging support for the Yucca Mountain site. 
INTRODUCING A RESOLUTION EXPRESSING THE SENSE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES THAT VETERANS DESERVE THE HEALTH AND LIVING STANDARDS THEY FOUGHT TO PROTECT 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to introduce a resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that veterans deserve the health and living standards they fought to protect. This resolution pays tribute to the vast numbers of men and women who have served our nation in uniform, yet return home from service homeless, some of whom survive war to die on the streets of this country. 
wars in U.S. history at great sacrifice to many soldiers, sailors, airmen and Marines and their families. When these men and women return home they utilize their skills and leadership as wonderful assets in their communities. But for some, there are no homes. 
‘‘When we go into the military, we learn self discipline, and we learn not to ask for anything, we learn to get it for ourselves, or just do without it. And we are a proud people, us military veterans. We don’t ask for anything. But it should never be a society that allows 
their veterans to go across the water to protect this country and come back and have to live on the streets. It shouldn’t be that way.’’ 
up in defense of our freedom, and we owe them more than our gratitude—we owe them our firm commitment to ensure that they receive the care and benefits they earned through their service. 
veterans sleep in homeless shelters or on the streets. Furthermore, approximately 260,000 veterans use homeless shelters or other services during the course of a year. 
point in the broader fight to prevent and end homelessness in America. We may all take pride and comfort in the recent finding that homelessness among veterans has begun to decrease. One of the biggest contributors to the decreased number of homeless veterans has been the increased federal investment in efficient and effective programs. In addition, there has been significant progress, but more must be done. It is time that we recognize these unsung heroes who have returned from service to face hard times and homelessness. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time that we recognize our 
nation’s homeless veterans. I encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to join me in supporting this critically important resolution. 
honor Stanly County Sheriff Captain Darrell Burgess for his faithful service over the last 40 years to North Carolina’s 8th Congressional District. 
with the Stanly County Sheriff’s Office where he moved up in the ranks from an employee of the Communications Division, to a sworn Deputy Sheriff after his completion of Basic Law Enforcement Training, and finally to Captain of Patrol. He has been chosen twice by his peers as the Stanly County Law Enforcement Officer of the Year. 
Captain Burgess served as one of the first K– 9 officers in Stanly County, where he worked with a bloodhound named Lucky. He holds a certification as a state instructor from the North Carolina Police Work Dog Association, as well as with the North American Police Work Dog Association. Additionally, Captain Burgess volunteers with the North Carolina Canine Emergency Response Team. 
Stanly County, both as a volunteer and public servant, since 1970 when he first started working for the North Carolina Department of Agriculture. Captain Burgess was one of the first Emergency Medical Technicians in the 
state, served with the Oakboro Rural Fire Department, and volunteered for more than 30 years with the Stanly County Rescue Squad, where he even served as chief. Despite a kidney transplant in 2008, Captain Burgess has never slowed down and returned to work and volunteering after only three months. 
his volunteer work and vocation, Captain Burgess was bestowed the ‘‘Order of the Long Leaf Pine’’ award in April 2015, which is the highest civilian honor awarded in North Carolina. Our state and local community have greatly benefitted from his servant leadership. 
It is an honor to extend these remarks today 
to congratulate Captain Burgess on his retirement and receiving the ‘‘Order of the Long Leaf Pine’’ award. 
CELEBRATING THE 36TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE TAIWAN RELATIONS ACT 
rise to note that on April 10—while Congress was out of session—we celebrated the 36th anniversary of the enactment of the Taiwan Relations Act (TRA). As a Taiwanborn American immigrant, I take pride in this landmark piece of legislation, which has provided Taiwan with a great deal of stability and support as it transformed itself into a vibrant democracy, advanced economy and civil society. 
The TRA was intended by Congress to endure, continuing the important relationship between close friends and allies. I am heartened by the strengthening of ties that have taken place in recent years, from Taiwan’s admission to the U.S. Visa Waiver Program in 2012, the first visit of a Cabinetlevel official since the Clinton Administration in 2014, and Taiwan’s shift from our 12thlargest trading partner in 2013 to our 10thlargest in 2014. 
As Los Angeles County’s fourth largest trading partner, Taiwan has a unique relationship with my district. With the largest Taiwanese population in the country, it is no coincidence that Los Angeles County is often seen as the international gateway between the United States and Taiwan. 
community. It has proven a responsible global citizen by assisting international organizations during humanitarian crises and disasters, from its efforts following the 2011 To ¯hoku earthquake and tsunami to its contribution of 100,000 sets of Personal Protective Equipment to West Africa last year for use in the fight against Ebola. These acts are emblematic of a people with whom we share many values. 
the Taiwan Relations Act, I ask my colleagues to join me in offering our greetings and best wishes to the people and leaders of Taiwan. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, April 20, 2015. Committee Meetings 
bills, H.R. 1890–1893; and 2 resolutions, H. Res. 210–11, introduced.
Reports Filed: A report was filed today as follows: 
of 2002 to enhance multidirectional sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes, with an amendment (H. Rept. 114–83).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he 
appointed Representative Boustany to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
votes, and there were no recorded votes. There were no quorum calls. 
to hold hearings to examine the 2020 Census, focusing on challenges facing the bureau for a modern, costeffective survey, 3 p.m., SD–342. 
is paid at Washington, D.C. The public proceedings of each Houseof Congress, as reported by the Official Reporters thereof, are
printed pursuant to directions of the Joint Committee on Printing as authorized by appropriate provisions of Title 44, UnitedStates Code, and published for each day that one or both Houses are in session, excepting very infrequent instances when
two or more unusually small consecutive issues are printed one time. ¶Public access to the Congressional Record is available online through
the U.S. Government Publishing Office, at www.fdsys.gov , free of charge to the user. The information is updated online each day the
Congressional Record is published. For more information, contact the GPO Customer Contact Center, U.S. Government Publishing Office.
Phone 202–512–1800, or 866–512–1800 (tollfree). EMail, contactcenter@gpo.gov . ¶To place an order for any of these products, visit the U.S.
Government Online Bookstore at: bookstore.gpo.gov. Mail orders to: Superintendent of Documents, P.O. Box 979050, St. Louis, MO63197–9000, or phone orders to 866–512–1800 (tollfree), 202–512–1800 (D.C. area), or fax to 202–512–2104. Remit check or money  order, made
payable to the Superintendent of Documents, or use VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, or GPO Deposit Account. ¶Follo wing
each session of Congress, the daily Congressional Record is revised, printed, permanently bound and sold by the Superintendent of Documents
in individual parts or by sets. ¶With the exception of copyrighted articles, there are no restrictions on the republication of material from
POSTMASTER: Send address changes to the Superintendent of Documents, Congressional Record , U.S. Government Publishing Office,
Washington, D.C. 20402, along with the entire mailing label from the last issue received.UNUMEPLURIBUSD408 April 17, 2015 
of S. 178, Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act. 
At 5 p.m., Senate will begin consideration of the nomination of George C. Hanks, Jr., of Texas, to be United States District Judge for the Southern District of Texas, with a vote on confirmation of the nomination at 5:30 p.m. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Program for Monday: House will meet in Pro Forma 
Bost, Mike, Ill., E527 Curbelo, Carlos, Fla., E527 Hastings, Alcee L., Fla., E528 Hudson, Richard, N.C., E527, E528 Kline, John, Minn., E527 Lieu, Ted, Calif., E528 