Chattanooga, Tennessee, the great State of Tennessee, and our Nation lost a wonderful man last Friday. 
passed away suddenly. All of this week, we have had memorials, tributes, eulogies—all justly deserved for this great man. I was wondering what I was going to say today as I put together these notes, but I want all of America to know about this special man and my 
Scotty Probasco was born on November 26, 1928. He attended the Bright School in Chattanooga. He attended the Baylor School in Chattanooga, Dartmouth College, and then the Wharton School at Penn. He was a gifted man, a very bright man, a great businessman, but he was a giver. 
what I was going to say about Scotty, it was what did Scotty mean to me and what did Scotty mean to our community and to our Nation. 
walk into a room, and he would smile. I think of Scotty Probasco’s smile. Always an optimist. In our profession, sometimes you have good days and bad days. Whenever I would run into Scotty, he would smile and always encourage me, but he didn’t just do that with me; he did that with everyone. 
Chattanooga is the greatest midsized city in America, sometimes as the greatest midsized city in the world. It is because of people like Scotty Probasco that we got there. Scotty was truly outstanding. He gave and he gave and he gave. As a community leader, whether it was the United Way or any other charity, he was always there. As a man of Christ, he was there for the First Presbyterian Church. 
Betty; by their four children, Scott, Zane, Ellen, and Ben; and by 12 wonderful grandchildren. 
today more than ever it is more Scotty Probascos—folks who will always accentuate the positive, who are always looking for the good in people, and who are always encouraging us to do our best. 
There is always a loss when we lose a 
friend, and there was a great loss when Chattanooga lost Scotty Probasco last week, and we all feel that. We feel that dearly. I feel that dearly. Yet, when I 
think of the generations to come and of the generosity, of the philanthropy, and of the kindness of Scotty Probasco and what that means to us as a people, this will be his legacy. 
and to his great family today: Scotty Probasco, thank you, dear friend. Thank you for a job well done, and God bless you. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. 
past weekend, we witnessed the most gruesome example of a story that is becoming ever more common. Hundreds of migrants are missing and feared dead—700 or more—because the smuggling boat they were packed onto capsized in the Mediterranean Ocean off the coast of Libya. It was on the front page of every paper around the world. An estimated 3,500 people died in 2014 while making the journey from North Africa to the southern coast of Europe. 
Right now, along our southern border, illegal immigration is at historically low levels, but we, too, have a border that is known for smuggling, tragic losses of life, and smugglers no less brazen and no less indifferent to the lives of their human cargo than those off the Libyan coast. 
opportunity for work and freedom on the other side, migrants throughout the world are risking their lives in the hopes of surviving the journey to live a better life. 
During the peak of illegal immigration to this country a decade or so ago, one person died every single day, on average, when trying to come to the U.S. They died of dehydration in the desert or died in trucks or in boxcars in 
botched smuggling operations or perished as stowaways, and those are the ones we know about. 
‘‘The Beast,’’ which is the train carrying migrants from southern Mexico to the border of our country. Think about hundreds of people, most of them children and teenagers, clinging to the outside of a moving train while they are preyed upon by smugglers, sexual predators, and every kind of deviant. 
The migrants who are fleeing violence and poverty and gang and drug lordinfested communities in Central America, like those fleeing African and Asian countries, are willing to literally risk life and limb for the slim chance of a better life on this side. 
crisis by committing to more rescue operations. The rightwing, antiimmigration parties across Europe see the crisis as validation for their call to build a big wall around ‘‘fortress Europe.’’ There are a few people here in this Congress, in this building, who want to build a wall just like theirs. 
that building civil society and stable economies in the Southern Hemisphere is the best way to entice people to stay home. Foreign aid and international economic development are not dirty words in Europe the way they are here. 
In the U.S., the policies set in Washington directly relate to the instability of neighboring countries in Central America, the Caribbean, and Latin America. Trade policies initiated here in this country have had devastating consequences in rural areas across our hemisphere, driving people from the land and driving people into drug cultivation. It is our insatiable appetite here in the United States for illegal drugs, funded with our dollar bills and enforced with U.S. guns, that creates and maintains a lot of the instability and chaos that drives people from their homes to America. Yet almost every budget that is considered in this Congress cuts mental health and drug counseling, addiction treatment and prevention, and does little to address our role in fueling instability. 
and asylum, in this Congress, we are debating laws to make it harder for children to apply for asylum and laws to make it easier to deport children or to put families into lengthy and expensive detention. 
Committee just approved a measure to allow those who want to homeschool their children but who are prevented from doing so by their own government to be considered as a special class of oppressed victims to be considered eligible to apply for political asylum in the U.S. For the people from Germany and Sweden who want to homeschool their children, that is the kind of oppression that Congress responds to— people from Central America whose governments are unwilling or unable to protect children from murder and sexual assault, not so much. The reality is that we need to do 
more to engage and strengthen our neighbors; we need to do much more to make sure that the actions, trade, and consumption of our people are helping, not hurting; and we need to do much more to make sure that we have secure borders by also remembering to put doors on those borders so that people can come with visas in a controlled way and not risking their lives with smugglers. 
First and foremost, we must remember the message that Pope Francis reminded us of when he said of those who drowned in the ocean: ‘‘They are men and women like us, our brothers seeking a better life, starving, persecuted, wounded, exploited, victims of war. They were looking for a better life.’’ 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor former Brazos County Judge Randy Sims, who passed away on April 2 of this year. 
community for decades. He served as the Brazos County commissioner of precinct 3 from 1972 to 1976 and again from 1989 to 2001. He also served on the Bryan City Council from 1987 to 1988. Lastly, he served as the Brazos County judge from 2003 to 2010. 
Houston on July 31, 1939. He graduated from Stephen F. Austin High School. During his high school days, he was quite an athlete, playing both baseball and football. He passed up a chance to play professional baseball to get a college education. Legendary coach Bear Bryant recruited Randy to play football for Texas A&M University. Not only was Randy a top running back for Texas A&M, but he also held a longstanding record in the Southwest Conference for kicking a 52yard field goal. 
Randy remained in Brazos Valley. In May of 1960, he married Brenda Bryan. 
They were married for nearly 55 years. Randy and Brenda have one son and one daughter, and they are blessed with nine grandchildren. 
In the mid1960s, Randy opened a restaurant called Randy Sims Barbecue, which operated for 27 years. Randy was a great cook, and his restaurant carried recipes from Brenda’s dad and from Brenda’s brother, Red Bryan and Sonny Bryan. 
cherished his family time. He quickly learned how to balance his career in order to spend quality time with his family. Last year, the BryanCollege Station Chamber of Commerce named Randy and Brenda as its Citizens of the Year. This award was bestowed on them for their long and dedicated service to our community. As an active community leader, 
Randy Sims served tirelessly on various boards and organizations, including on the State of Texas Regional Review Committee, the Presidential Library Committee, the BryanCollege Station Economic Development Corporation, the Bear Bryant Scholarship Foundation, the Brazos Valley Fellowship of Christian Athletes, the Solid Waste Advisory Board, the Brazos Beautiful Initiative, the Brazos Valley Museum of Natural History, the Grace Bible Church Deacon Board, and the Brazos County 911 Board. 
included serving as a Bryan ISD host volunteer, as vice president of the BryanCollege Station Chamber of Commerce, as chair of the Brazos County Health Board District, and as the chair of the Brazos County Juvenile Board. 
leader, a dedicated public servant, and an outstanding family man. His selfless devotion to our community will be greatly missed. He will long be remembered as a great public servant to our community and as a loving husband, father, grandfather, and friend to his family and friends. 
sympathy and our heartfelt condolences to Brenda Sims and to her family. We also lift up Randy Sims’ family and friends in our prayers. 
As I close, Mr. Speaker, I ask that all 
Americans continue to pray for our country during these difficult times, for the men and women in uniform, who protect it from external threats, and for our first responders, who protect us from threats here at home. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ) for 5 minutes. 
After working 18 years as a 911 dispatcher, I know firsthand the challenges our public safety dispatchers face, the stress that they are put 
under, and the critical importance of their work. This is why, last week, I was proud to introduce a resolution commemorating National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week. 
shift four floors below ground and taking calls from people from all walks of life, often during their most vulnerable moments. 911 dispatchers hear it all. They are the first point of contact for public safety, and no matter the crisis, losing control is simply not an option. 
National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week also provides us with the opportunity to remind our constituents of the importance of keeping emergency lines open for just that— emergencies. 911 isn’t an information line, and local governments have limited resources. 
tied up with nonlifethreatening emergencies. Simply put, there is no excuse for 911 abuse. 
themselves with their local police and fire departments’ nonemergency phone numbers, have them readily available or refer to 311 or their local info line where available. Keeping 911 lines clear is crucial to ensuring dispatchers are readily available during an emergency. 
help save lives. They provide comfort and reassurance, and they are an integral part of our law enforcement teams. Yet, too often, their work goes unrecognized. 
guide you through a crisis, when law enforcement, fire safety, and rescue personnel are in need of seamless coordination at a moment’s notice, when every second counts, 911 dispatchers are on the other end of the line. They are the unsung heroes of the first responder community. 
This National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week, let’s recognize and honor the hundreds of thousands of public safety telecommunicators working round the clock to keep our communities safe. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CONAWAY ) for 5 minutes. 
like to recognize April as National Financial Literacy Month and highlight the key role that the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or the AICPA, and State CPA societies and CPAs across the country play in educating all Americans about their personal finances. 
a yearly reminder of the importance of working to improve Americans’ understanding of their personal finances. For over 10 years, the AICPA, its members, and State CPA societies have been the leaders in the financial literacy campaign by providing free programs, tools, and resources for all consumers. Thousands of CPAs across 55 States and jurisdictions are volunteering their time to educate consumers to understand their personal finances and their financial goals. 
CPA societies and likeminded financial educational institutions, plays an essential role in educating all Americans so that they will have the knowledge to make decisions for a lifetime of financial wellbeing. By focusing on financial education as a lifelong endeavor, CPAs are encouraging children to learn about the value of money and teaching adults the importance of saving for a secure retirement. 
college students who are unfamiliar with the impact their student loan 
debt will have on their early career. A financially literate college student will understand those implications and ramifications and would be better served and be better suited or be better able to make better decisions with respect to whether or not to take on that debt as they pursue their college education. 
All Americans, from high school students to older adults, need the tools and resources to make educated decisions about their personal finances. Through the AICPA’s flagship 360 Degrees of Financial Literacy program, CPAs across the country are volunteering to help all Americans understand their personal finances through every stage of life. The program combines grassroots advocacy with free public resources and tools for CPAs to educate Americans of all ages. 
the financial literacy of all Americans. A recent survey showed that 47 percent of American households are not saving any of their current income for retirement. This means almost half of all Americans are living paycheck to paycheck and without any savings plan for financial hardships or retirement. Providing all Americans with the information necessary to make educated decisions will help households understand the value of savings for retirement and lead to a lifetime of financial well being. 
the AICPA and State societies for this effort in helping Americans become more financially literate. 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California (Ms. SPEIER ) for 5 minutes. 
before the Transportation and Infrastructure’s committee on pipeline safety, I called the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, known as PHMSA, ‘‘a toothless tiger that has overdosed on quaaludes and is passed out on the job.’’ 
Today I stand before you to say I was 
wrong. I was wrong to call PHMSA a toothless tiger. PHMSA is actually a toothless kitten, a fluffy industry pet that frightens absolutely no one. This has been proven beyond a shadow of a doubt by yesterday’s excellent Politico investigation of PHMSA’s ineffectual ‘‘can’t do’’ attitude, written by Elana Schor and Andrew Restuccia. Allow me to highlight some of the shocking incompetence brought to light by this article. 
peer review by two advisory committees: one on oil and one on gas. In theory, the committee is made up of five members each from industry, government, and public. Sounds good, right? Well, that might be true except the committee’s current rosters are missing seven members on the government 
and public sides. This means the industry is calling the shots and voting for their own initiatives. On these committees there is almost no formal resistance to doing the industry’s bidding. 
former head of the National Transportation Safety Board, meant when she said: ‘‘For the regulator to delegate too much authority to the regulated to assess their own system risks and correct them is tantamount to the fox guarding the henhouse.’’ 
As we have seen in my district and in 
so many others, the fox has very little incentive to prevent oil or gas from spoiling the henhouse or to prevent the hens from blowing up. Of course, everyone is very sorry about the fact, but the will to prevent these accidents in the first place is simply not there. That is what happened in Mayflower, Arkansas, in 2013 when PHMSA let ExxonMobil operate an oil pipeline that was known to be faulty for 7 years, and then it blew up. 
PHMSA’s pitiful fines. Fines are supposed to be a deterrent, and yet the fines that PHMSA levies are so pathetic compared to the cost of pipeline leaks and explosions that they can’t even be seen on this graph. Here you see that over the last 12 years PHMSA has issued just $44.2 million in fines for incidents that cost over $5 billion. Look at these tiny red lines. You can’t even see them. You can see these other graph points that show how much damage was actually done, but the fines are next to nothing. 
Take the Mayflower, Arkansas, example where dumping 200,000 gallons of heavy crude into a neighborhood cost ExxonMobil $2.7 million, or 0.008 percent of that year’s profits. To industry, this measly fine is just the cost of doing business. No need to fix a pipeline. Fines are so small, it is cheaper to just pay them. 
leaks and explosions can’t be reduced to just gray bars. In my district, the city of San Bruno, where eight people were killed by a pipeline explosion in 2010, the public remains traumatized by the idea that their entire neighborhood could be wiped out by one carelessly inspected or uninspected pipeline. Life has risks, but one of them shouldn’t be coming home to find your husband and son and motherinlaw dead and your house obliterated, as happened to one of the families in my district. 
failure to implement more rigorous safety regulations so disgusting. PHMSA’s reasoning that such regulations are ‘‘too costly for the pipeline industry compared with the expected benefits’’ is the reasoning of movie villains, not wellintentioned safety professionals who are supposed to be taking care of the public interest. Whose side is PHMSA on? 
PHMSA’s. After all, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has power to impose civil penalties of a million dollars per day. Compare that to PHMSA’s relatively paltry $200,000 a day. But that doesn’t explain PHMSA’s failure to even start civil penalty cases. 
PHMSA started fewer civil penalty cases in 2014 than in the past 10 years and proposed 73 percent fewer fines. For the few fines that are proposed, PHMSA does that behind closed doors where the public is not welcome. 
oil into Yellowstone River in 2011 but managed to argue that the original $1.7 million fine should be put down to $1 million. Why did PHMSA allow this? Nobody knows. 
to emphasize that the lack of adequate pipeline safety measures is a nationwide problem, not a Bay Area or California problem. In 2011, a leak from an 83yearold castiron main in Allentown, Pennsylvania, caused a blast that killed 5 people. In 2012, a gas pipeline explosion outside of Charleston, West Virginia, destroyed several properties. In 2014, a leak in a 127yearold pipeline in Harlem, New York, killed 8 and injured 50 more. In each incident, we see the same, recurring problems—aging infrastructure and inadequate inspection. How many more of these tragedies do we need before we get serious about pipeline safety? 
is that we know how to prevent pipeline leaks and explosions. The National Transportation Safety Board has been saying the same thing for years, after so many deaths and the destruction of property and the environment. We need automatic or remote control shutoff valves. We need existing pipelines to accommodate internal inspection tools. We need PHMSA to be a strong voice for safety for the public and we need industry to cease being apologists for lethal incompetence. 
sides of the aisle, I’m tired of PHSMA’s excuses and prevarications. I’m frustrated that Congress seems powerless to induce PHMSA to take its job seriously. That’s why I’m looking into legislation that will provide PHMSA with the proper encouragement to do its job. It’s time for the toothless kitten to wake up, smell the leaking gas, and take decisive action. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) for 5 minutes. 
California is now in the fourth year of the worst drought on record. Hydrologists estimate it is the worst drought in 1,200 years. The Sierra snowpack today is just 5 percent of normal. One of our largest reservoirs, the New Melones Reservoir on the Stanislaus River, is at just 22 percent of its capacity, with the rainy season now officially over. 
communities. Many Californians face $500 fines if they take too long in the shower or spill a gallon of water on 
their sidewalks. And yet in the last several weeks, the Bureau of Reclamation has released about 10 billion gallons of what precious little water remains behind the New Melones Dam in order to nudge a handful of steelhead trout toward the ocean. That is enough water to meet the annual residential needs of a human population of about 300,000 for the whole year. 
How many fish are affected? Well, biologists estimate that it will affect the offspring of about 29 steelhead trout on the Stanislaus River, a few hundred smolts, almost all of which will be eaten by predators long before they reach the ocean; and that assumes that they won’t swim toward the ocean on their own, as they have been doing without our helpful assistance since time immemorial. 
selling for $700 per acrefoot, the cost of this ridiculous exercise is about $21 million. But the real cost will be felt in the fall if the rains don’t return. At that point, these releases guarantee there will be no water left for human beings or for fish. 
without which Lake Tulloch, below New Melones, would have been drained below the water intake pipes that serve a population of nearly 10,000 human beings. 
When are we going to wake up to the 
lunacy of these current environmental laws and the ideological zealots who are administering them? Who in his right mind would dump enough water to meet the annual residential needs of a population of 300,000 human beings in order to nudge toward the ocean the offspring of maybe 29 steelhead trout— it could be as few as 6—in the worst drought in 12 centuries? Yet that is precisely the policy of this administration. 
the existing Endangered Species Act to convene a process to suspend these laws during the drought. Governor Brown also has the authority to request the President to act, yet despite repeated calls to do so, neither has responded. Ironically, before we built these dams, in a drought like this, there would be no rivers and there would be no fish. 
reservoir and one river. The Bureau of Reclamation is ordering pulse flows throughout the State, completely uncaring of the impact on the rapidly endangered species called homo sapiens. 
Mr. Speaker, 3 weeks ago I introduced H.R. 1668, the Save Our Water Act. It simply provides that during an extreme drought the requirements of massive environmental pulse flows are suspended. I want to urge speedy consideration and passage of this act, but 
I fear it will not come in time to prevent the exhaustion of our remaining water supply. 
and I appealed to State and Federal water managers to suspend these water 
releases during the drought. Sadly, I was unable to rally much public interest, I think in large part because few people actually believed that our water policy could possibly be so foolish. 
reaching a crisis that can no longer be ignored, and Californians are now starting to realize that our environmental laws long ago passed from the realm of reason to the realm of ideological extremism. 
shortages are our fault. We once built dams to store water from wet years so that we would have it in dry ones, but the same radical environmental laws that are squandering our existing water supply have also obstructed the construction of any major new storage since 1979, while the State’s population has nearly doubled. 
man is to be hanged in the morning, it concentrates his attention remarkably. Well, if any good comes out of this drought, it may be that the American people finally have awakened to the damage these laws have done and are ready to change them and change the zealots in government who are responsible for them. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Puerto Rico (Mr. PIERLUISI ) for 5 minutes. 
sixth time this year, I rise to discuss Puerto Rico’s political status. 
future. The island is blessed with natural beauty, a rich history, a vibrant culture, a sophisticated and diverse private sector, and talented and hard working professionals who can compete with anyone, anywhere. 
But my optimism is tempered by realism. Because to change the world for the better, you must first see the world as it is. And the reality is that Puerto Rico’s potential is being squandered. Puerto Rico should be a blooming flower, but instead it is withering on the vine. 
economic crisis in its history. The island’s healthcare system is in a precarious state, the territory’s homicide rate—despite recent improvements— still far exceeds that of any U.S. State, and residents of Puerto Rico are relocating to the States in record numbers. 
Puerto Rico should concentrate solely on the immediate problems at hand and set aside the issue of political status until those problems are resolved or their severity is reduced. This argument has superficial appeal, but it is completely wrong. All of Puerto Rico’s 
our status. They are rooted in the unequal treatment that Puerto Rico receives because it is a territory. 
If you want to understand why Puerto Rico has always had higher unemployment and poverty than any State, you must recognize that the territory is excluded from the earned income tax program, partially excluded from the child tax credit program, excluded from the Supplemental Security Income program, and treated unequally under the Federal nutrition assistance program. 
If you want to understand why Puerto Rico has high debt, you must realize that the territory government has borrowed so heavily in the bond market in order to compensate for its disparate treatment under Federal programs. 
If you want to understand why patients in Puerto Rico received inadequate care, why physicians and hospitals are not fairly compensated, and why the cost of providing health care is disproportionately borne by the Puerto Rico Government rather than shared equitably with the Federal Government, you must grasp that Puerto Rico is treated in a discriminatory fashion under Medicaid, traditional Medicare, Medicare Advantage, and the Affordable Care Act. 
related violence is pervasive in Puerto Rico, then you must come to terms with the fact that Federal law enforcement agencies have dedicated insufficient personnel and equipment to Puerto Rico because States invariably take priority over territories when it comes to the allocation of finite resources. 
To solve its deeply entrenched problems and to reach its enormous potential, Puerto Rico must receive equal treatment. And to receive equal treatment, Puerto Rico must become a State. To pretend otherwise is just that: to pretend. 
That is why less than 3 months ago I 
introduced H.R. 727, the most forceful statehood admission bill for Puerto Rico in history. 
I am proud to report that the bill is 
likely to obtain its 100th cosponsor as early as today. Cosponsors come from 31 States, the District of Columbia, and the four other territories. They are both Democrats and Republicans. Indeed, about 1,900 bills have been introduced so far in this Congress, and H.R. 727 has more bipartisan support than over 99 percent of them. 
bill is standing up for a powerful principle, which is this: the people of Puerto Rico are American citizens who have enriched the life of this Nation for generations. 
many have died—for a flag that contains 50 stars, but no star that represents them. If they reaffirm their desire in a federally sponsored vote to become a full and equal member of the American family, they have earned the right to be firstclass citizens. SHEPHERD’S MEN 
REED). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. L OUDERMILK ) 
men, 911 miles, and 1 week to make a difference. 
the Shepherd’s Men set out on a journey that will take them from the Freedom Tower in New York City to the Shepherd’s Center in Atlanta, Georgia. 
from across our country return from the fields of combat only to fight another battle at home. While this battle may not include heavy artillery or enemy combatants, it is just as devastating. 
PTSD, and traumatic brain injuries are disorders that take years—and sometimes a lifetime—to heal. These enemies invade the mind and cause unspeakable pain for those suffering and for their families. 
mission is to raise awareness and funding for those with PTSD and traumatic brain injuries, have accepted the arduous task of running from the Big Apple to the Peach State. 
With each step forward, the Shepherd’s Men are one step closer to reaching their goal of raising $250,000 for the Shepherd Center’s SHARE Military Initiative, a comprehensive rehabilitation program that provides assistance and support for servicemen and women who have sustained mild to moderate traumatic brain injury and PTSD from the conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan. 
While the wounds may have been inflicted years ago, the scars still remain, and that is why the Shepherd’s Men run 911 miles with 22pound packs strapped to their chests. 
their own glory, but for their fellow servicemembers whose lives may be forever changed by the effects of these conditions. 
Today, one out of five servicemembers returning home from Iraq or Afghanistan have been diagnosed with one of these debilitating conditions. If left unchecked, these injuries could be life threatening. As our servicemembers return home from Active Duty, it is important for them to know that they do not suffer alone. 
are a few steps closer to reaching their final destination. As the Sun rose gently against the backdrop of the Iwo Jima Memorial, the Shepherd’s Men arrived in our Nation’s Capital. It was here—at the place that memorialized one of the most historic moments in our history—where I joined the Shepherd’s Men for a short 1mile run out of their 911mile journey. 
As I stood in the shadow, Mr. Speaker, of the Iwo Jima Memorial, one of the Shepherd’s Men following our run came up to me and said: When we go into combat, we know that we may not come back out. And I lost many of my 
men in combat, and I can accept that, but what is hard is when these men survive combat, and they come back home and lose their life to these debilitating conditions. That is hard to swallow. 
Force, I am extremely grateful to the unwavering commitment the Shepherd’s Men have shown to defend their fellow servicemen and ensure that they have the resources they need to begin their road to recovery. 
fraught with setbacks, people across this Nation are going the extra mile to ensure our servicemembers are given the help they deserve. 
the rest of your journey, and thank you for your commitment to our Nation’s military. 
THOMAS, SR., AND HIS FORTY YEARS OF SERVICE TO GOD 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ) for 5 minutes. 
with great honor, admiration, and respect that I take this time to honor one of this Nation’s most distinguished citizens, Bishop Walter Scott Thomas, Sr., in recognition of his 40 years of service to God as a pastor, mentor, and community leader. 
with my colleagues in the United States House of Representatives the accomplishments of this remarkable man. 
Scott Thomas, Sr., has faithfully served as the pastor of the New Psalmist Baptist Church located in the Seventh Congressional District in Baltimore, Maryland. Bishop Thomas is a Baltimore native who was called to proclaim God’s Word to the world. 
degree from the University of Maryland in economics, a master’s of divinity degree from Howard University School of Religion, and a doctor of ministry degree from St. Mary’s Seminary and the University of Baltimore. 
pastor the New Psalmist Baptist Church. He is a devoted leader who cares about the needs of his congregation, the community, and the world. 
the last four decades, New Psalmist Baptist Church has grown to serve several thousand members. His vision and message of ‘‘empowering disciples’’ has inspired thousands to make a positive impact in their personal lives, communities, the State of Maryland, the country, and the world. 
He is an influential leader who graciously uses his gifts to serve clergy and religious leaders. From 1999 to 2002, Bishop Thomas served as the president 
Conference. He has coached and mentored pastors, church leaders, staff, and ministry teams all over the country. 
elevated to the office of bishop and presiding prelate of the Kingdom Association of Covenant Pastors by ministers from across this great Nation. 
Bishop Thomas has led multiple outreach initiatives to provide services and resources to the community. These initiatives include assisting economically disadvantaged families and homeless persons, providing employment assistance for job seekers, and partnering with school principals to provide school resources. 
Psalmist Baptist Church donated $40,000 to the Baltimore City Northwestern Police District to renovate the station entrance and lobby for our police officers and community members. 
local community, Bishop Thomas has been a global leader, supporting projects to improve the quality of life for the world’s underserved citizens. Bishop Thomas and New Psalmist Baptist Church support a school in Nairobi, Kenya, as well as clean water and sanitation projects in Africa. 
Philip, Duke of Edinburgh, and United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki moon to represent the United States and the Christian faith in the Many Heavens, One Planet faith and conservation event in Windsor, England. 
of delivering the invocation during President Barack Obama’s whistlestop tour at Baltimore’s War Memorial Building. In 1998, Bishop Thomas hosted President William Jefferson Clinton at the New Psalmist Baptist Church. 
is a devoted husband, father, and friend. He is the loving husband to first lady Patricia Thomas and the proud father of three very successful children: Joi; Walter, Jr.; and Joshua. 
and encouragement to his family and friends. Bishop Thomas is a great friend who has inspired me through his faithful leadership of his family and the New Psalmist Baptist Church. 
lives to eclipse, and today I wish to thank him on behalf of Baltimore, Maryland, and indeed the Nation and the world for his dedication, commitment to God, his church, his family, and his community. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I joined the gentleman from North Carolina, Congressman G.K. B UTTERFIELD , to introduce H.R. 1906, the bipartisan Access to Inpatient Rehabilitation Therapy Act of 2015. 
provided in an inpatient setting is crucial to Medicare beneficiaries with injuries, disease, disabilities, or chronic conditions. 
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services began placing limitations on what types of therapy a beneficiary could receive, despite the professional judgment of the treating physician. 
Mr. Speaker, these limitations restrict recreational therapy from being prescribed, despite it being medically necessary in many cases. 
Rehabilitation Therapy Act of 2015 that I have introduced with Congressman BUTTERFIELD will undo these unnecessary barriers imposed by CMS that place limitations on what types of therapy a beneficiary may receive. 
American taxpayer any money; will help facilitate access to the appropriate mix of services in an inpatient rehabilitation facility; and will benefit patients with brain injuries, spinal cord injuries, and those who have sustained strokes, amputations, individuals living with neurological disorders, and a wide range of other conditions. 
strongly urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to get behind this commonsense bipartisan legislation. 
REAUTHORIZATION OF THE VOTING RIGHTS ACT OF 1965 AND CRIMINAL JUSTICE REFORM 
Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker and acknowledge that 1965 is a very unique and special year. It is the commemoration of the march across the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, which symbolized to the world the cry and passion to have your voices heard through the vote. 
and its leadership to put on the floor of the House the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act of 1965, a bill that was reauthorized in 2006, 2007, under the leadership of President George W. Bush and the Members of the United States Congress, in a bipartisan manner. The vote in the Senate was 98–0, and we had an equally impressive vote here in the United States House of Representatives. 
task of updating this legislation to ensure that thousands, maybe millions, are not denied the right to vote. 
across the Edmund Pettus Bridge was particularly brutal, and I want to give credit to all those who marched, many 
names that I know, our own colleague JOHNLEWIS, Hosea Williams, and many 
that we have met over the years in Selma. They marched and stood nonviolently against violence and, might I say, under the auspices of the misinterpretation of the law, those law enforcement officers—misguided, of course— that stopped those individuals from expressing their rights. 
the reauthorization of the Voting Rights Act to the enormous need, in a bipartisan manner, to reform our criminal justice system. 
hours, right here in Washington, D.C., there was a statement about a young father who stood on his doorsteps in Fairfax, Virginia, that, finally, his two beautiful daughters had a settlement from that law enforcement department. He was shot on his doorsteps. The facts are such that I won’t discuss today, but one can almost assume that that father did not need to lose his life. 
Justice League of New York City, came to the west lawn to petition the government to end racial profiling and to begin to address the question of how do we have a criminal justice system that meets the equality and justice of America. 
Sadly, just a few miles a way, in Baltimore, we understand that a young man was picked up and, ultimately, went into a coma and died. What happened in the midst of the time where his spinal cord was nearly severed in the custody of law enforcement officers? 
member of the Judiciary Committee, my commitment is that law enforcement officers go home to their families. In a few days, we will be honoring those who fell in the line of duty. We will be standing and respecting the fact that they provide a protection for this Nation and they serve us. We thank them for that. 
we hold the Constitution dear and that citizens of the United States have the right to access and speech and protest and that protesters are not dangerous outsiders. 
initiatives that I would ask my colleagues to join me on, initiatives that should draw bipartisan support. One is the Build TRUST legislation that simply indicates that there should be a process by which local jurisdictions use various citations and nuisance citations and stopping people on the street as a source of revenue, the same kind of issue that confronted Eric Garner— who, by the way, Mr. Speaker, was a large man who everybody knew, who was simply trying to support his family, maybe selling a few cigarettes. 
with the laws of New York, that that wasn’t against the law. What we are saying is that Eric Garner did not need 
to, in essence, lose his life, nor did Walter Scott in South Carolina, shot five times in the back because he ran. 
We understand that there is a framework for dealing with police officers, and we need to get there. 
that you cannot heavily burden a particular community, and you must report where all your revenue is coming from in terms of, if it is overly excessive, then you will lose Federal funds because we know that you are going into certain communities. 
hope will draw bipartisan support. It does what South Carolina is doing. It codifies the collection of data of lethal force by law enforcement and citizens. 
the CADET bill for the science of criminal justice reform and the Build TRUST bill to rebuild trust and have police accountability. 
Mr. Speaker, pushes us to reauthorize the Voting Rights Act and move toward a just criminal justice reform. 
recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. REED) for 5 minutes. 
to recognize, again, April as Sexual Assault Awareness Month. 
raise awareness across this country that sexual assault and domestic violence can no longer be allowed to exist in our country. We must be proactive on raising awareness on this issue. That is why I come to this floor today to do just that. 
Each Member—Democrat, Republican, East, West, North, South—has an opportunity, and I hope they join me to do this throughout April, to say ‘‘no more’’ to sexual assault in the United States of America. 
Mr. Speaker, every 2 minutes, another American is sexually assaulted, every 2 minutes. That is 237,868 victims—our fellow citizens—a year that are impacted by this heinous crime and assault and violence. 
things that we need to do, on top of raising awareness, is change our culture in America. Earlier this month, a graphic video was shown across this Nation and across this world of a gang rape that took place in broad daylight on the beaches of Panama City, Florida. The victim was clearly incapacitated and was clearly assaulted by several men on that beach. 
should and will be held accountable. Justice will be done; but what culture exists in America to allow the hundreds of people that were standing nearby who witnessed this assault and did nothing? Bystanders need to understand that, in America today, we stand 
up and say ‘‘no more’’ to this heinous crime. 
unconscious and incapacitated, it would have been likely, absent this video, that this crime would have gone unreported. That is the norm in America. Sixtyeight percent of the assaults in the last 5 years were not reported. We need to change our culture, and we need to say ‘‘no more.’’ 
this floor numerous times; and, as many of you have seen before, I have shared my personal story from our family situation with this issue. I will tell you, just as I said the first time I came here and shared that story with the Nation, I say it again: there are no excuses for sexual assault and domestic violence in America. 
It is time for us to come together as 
a nation and say ‘‘no more’’ to sexual assault and domestic violence on our fellow citizens. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
Memorial Baptist Church, Fort Mill, South Carolina, offered the following prayer: 
before You, Father. We thank You for Your love and guidance in each person’s life who serves in this room. Grant to the Members of this body wisdom to take up their duties today. James said, ‘‘If any man lack wisdom, it shall be given him.’’ 
So we pray for wisdom and discernment in their decisions, understanding in their thinking, mercy in their judgments. 
guidance, we can do nothing, but with You, we can do all things. May we not be frightened by the problems that confront us as a nation, but give thanks that You are with us in this hour. 
feet and a light unto our path. Guide us this day, I pray in my Lord and Savior’s name, Jesus Christ. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. GUINTA led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) is recognized for 1 
There was no objection. Mr. MULVANEY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
with great honor and pleasure that I introduce to the Chamber today Reverend Tom Tucker. Tom is the senior pastor at Sisk Memorial Baptist Church in Fort Mill, which is just down the street from my house. 
I was talking to Reverend Tucker beforehand, and he said he was called to ministry, Mr. Speaker, when he was 18, but he fought it until he was 30. I think it is a wonderful story. 
South Carolina Baptist Convention Pastors Conference; he is currently the first vice president of the South Carolina Baptist Convention; he is a featured devotional speaker for the Billy Graham Evangelistic Association; and he has ministered, literally, all over the world. 
two children who are here today, one of whom, Krystal, is married to Jared Ribble, the son of my good friend, Congressman REIDRIBBLE from Wisconsin. 
So it is an honor and a privilege to 
have, today, as our guest chaplain, Reverend Tom Tucker. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. HAHN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in solidarity with the Armenian community to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the events that led to the Armenian genocide. 
more than 300 Armenian leaders were taken from their homes, arrested, and systematically executed. They were the first massacred in a genocide that 
younger descendants of the genocide’s victims have worked hard to remember and honor those who suffered. I am proud to be a member of the Congressional Armenian Caucus and to cosponsor H. Res. 154, the Armenian Genocide Truth and Justice Resolution. 
I praise the Armenian American community throughout Los Angeles County and elsewhere in California and the United States for making sure that the history of that tragic period is known and urging our government to officially recognize the genocide. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, over 1.5 million rural South Carolinians receive their power through local electric cooperatives, who work to keep costs low and maintain high energy standards. Unfortunately, President Obama established new regulations for electric water heaters 5 years ago, destroying jobs. These regulations went into effect last week and have negatively impacted the cooperatives by limiting their ability to manage water heaters during peak time, making consumers pay for an inefficient use of resources. 
Efficiency Improvement Act of 2015. This legislation reduces new regulations for gridenabled water heaters, which benefit consumers by keeping costs low. Local businesses like the electric cooperatives are the backbone of America’s economy, the forefront of new innovations, and are leaders in providing affordable, reliable energy, creating jobs for American families. 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
support of the Solar Ready Vets program, the recently announced Federal initiative to train veterans for jobs in the solar industry. 
of electricitygenerating capacity that came online in the United States last year, creating 31,000 American jobs. The energy company, SolarCity, will soon open one of the largest solar panel manufacturing plants in the world in my home community of Buffalo, New York, creating 3,500 jobs in our region. The solar industry employs 174,000 
Americans, a number that is quickly increasing. We should seize the opportunity to ensure that our veterans can participate in this growth. 
veterans for jobs in the solar industry at 10 military bases across the country. We are calling for the Niagara Falls Air Reserve Station to be one of those sites. This program creates jobs, fights climate change, and provides economic opportunity to returning veterans. 
I call on Congress to support our veterans, support clean energy, and support American jobs by supporting the Solar Ready Vets program. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor Jeff Ingalls, a Granite Stater, American hero, and former prisoner of war. This week he is being rightfully recognized during the Prisoner of War Medal ceremony this Friday. 
North Woodstock, New Hampshire, and enlisted in the United States Navy in July of 1978, where he served as a member of an elite unit of highly technical divers. Ingalls served in missions that were not only incredibly complex and challenging, but also extremely dangerous. 
TWA flight 847 when it was hijacked by terrorists. The sixman detachment, including five U.S. Navy divers, was held in captivity by terrorists, during which time one bravely lost his life. These six men showed bravery, courage, and dedication in the face of an enemy. We will never forget your sacrifices, your fight in the name of freedom and democracy. 
the reason our country remains the ‘‘land of the free and the home of the brave.’’ For that we are forever grateful. 
the House Republicans marked 100 days of Republican control of both bodies of Congress: 100 days spent working for the wealthy special interests against the hardworking American families, 100 days where we saw our national security threatened when we came dangerously close to shutting down the Department of Homeland Security, 100 days where we saw Republicans vote to end the Medicare guarantee and turn it into a voucher program. 
Now, today, we are seeing House Republicans attempt to undermine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an entity designed to protect American consumers, by taking what was a bipartisan bill that came out of committee with nearly unanimous support and using it as a vehicle through the Committee on Rules to slash funding for this important Federal program. 
have been an important piece of legislation that we all could get behind, and it had to be used as a way to undermine this really important and essential government function of protecting the American consumer. We have just gone too far with this. We need to get back to doing the work that the American people sent us here to do. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
all hardworking Americans dedicated to the freedom and future of our country, our districts and States are vastly different. House Republicans reject the notion that Washington knows best, and our policies reflect that. By putting power back into the hands of the States, we can ensure the decisions made best reflect the Americans we represent. 
this more than any other branch. We understand that a topdown approach to government is unrealistic and unfair. We hear the voices of those we represent. Parents don’t need bureaucrats in Washington, D.C., to tell them where to send their children to school 
or what doctor they should see. Our approach gives families the flexibility they need to make these essential decisions. 
for another, and we understand that. In the people’s House, we are so proud of the individual districts we come from, like mine in the great State of North Carolina, and we are going to advance policies that let the people there thrive. 
1⁄2million victims of the Armenian genocide, which began 100 years ago on April 24. I join with the Armenian National Committee of the Merrimack Valley of Massachusetts and Armenian communities across the country and throughout the world in mourning those lost and honoring the survivors and their descendants as we recognize this centennial commemoration. 
As a member of the Armenian Congressional Caucus, I strongly support H. Res. 154, the Armenian Genocide Resolution. The systematic, premeditated mass murder committed by the Ottoman Empire against the Armenians was genocide. Other countries have formally acknowledged dark and painful chapters in their past, and it is time for Turkey to do the same. The Armenians and the descendants of those who were victimized deserve justice. 
a responsibility to acknowledge the truth about this horrific event. It is a necessary step to building a more just future for all Armenians. 
(Mr. ISSA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today shortly after noon here, it is evening in the Persian Gulf. It is evening off the coast of Yemen. As we speak, Iran is supplying the rebels, the Houthi rebels, with weapons. Their ships are heading toward them. 
is, in fact, in an active war to destabilize many of the Arab countries, as we speak. Iran is a terrorist state, but we are pretending it isn’t. The Houthis have been determined by the United Nations to be stopped as rebels, and yet the Theodore Roosevelt is circling rather 
than, in fact, sinking that ship or stopping it. 
We, America, are negotiating a nuclear deal that may or may not work— that remains to be seen—but we are negotiating with a terrorist state, a terrorist state that will, I guarantee it, 
continue going forward to destabilize the region and cause American lives to continue to be lost. 
have had it since 1979. If we do not stop Iran far beyond its nuclear ambitions, we, in fact, will lose American lives every day for the rest of my life. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, in a modern society, all of us deal with a thousand issues, but there is only one issue that can kill humanity as a species, and that is climate change. Rising sea levels, more extreme weather events, and hotter temperatures are not partisan issues. 
former Secretary of State George Shultz wrote a column in The Washington Post asking for action on climate change. Today, on Earth Day, I am introducing the Climate Solutions Act, which will tackle climate change by focusing on three areas: slashing carbon pollution, implementing bold renewable portfolio standards, and setting high energy efficiency standards. 
write that America led the world on climate change and saved the planet— or there will be no more history books. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today with great concern over the Obama administration’s ongoing nuclear negotiations with Iran. I also rise in support of the efforts of our colleagues in the Senate to ensure that any agreement made with Iran has the consent of our constituents’ elected officials here in Congress. 
across the world, the Obama administration’s limited ability to enforce its international agreements and promote our country’s interests. The recent horrific chemical weapon attacks in Syria, the growth of ISIS, and Moscow’s continued dominance in Ukraine all call into question the strength and resolve needed by this administration to enforce an agreement with one of our Nation’s most dangerous foes: Iran. 
strongly urge my colleagues to carefully consider the ability of the administration to uphold and enforce the terms decided on with Iran and the impact that this will have on our security and the security of one of our Nation’s closest allies: Israel. 
critical moment for our Nation and for the world and for future generations. 
We must be determined to make sure that enemies do not get a hold of weapons that could destroy our friends and allies. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise to commend the communities in my district that have rejected the Governor of Illinois’ efforts to create so called righttowork zones. 
make life better for working families, the Governor’s divisive plan would drag down all corners of the State into a race to the bottom. These zones are a gimmick to pit communities against each other, to deprive workers of their rights, and to weaken unions. 
jobs for Illinois workers, these zones will depress wages across the State by incentivizing companies to move to whatever town offers them the possibility of paying lower wages and offering fewer benefits. 
men and women to work for poverty level wages to make up for the fiscal deficit Illinois faces, a deficit which is caused, in large part, by laws that we pass right here on the floor of Congress that cause the citizens of Illinois to pay $20 billion more each year in taxes than we get back in Federal spending. 
that Illinois faces, and cutting workers’ pay will not solve them. So I commend those in Naperville, Aurora Township, Oswego, and communities throughout Illinois fighting against this bad policy. I am proud to stand with you. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
proud graduate of Duke University’s Graduate School, I rise today to honor the Duke men’s basketball team and their coach, Mike Krzyzewski, who recently won the NCAA title. 
was led by veteran senior guard Quinn Cook and freshman Chicagoan Jahlil Okafor, who was named ACC Player of the Year and was a unanimous All American selection. Coach K led the team to a 35–4 record and the national title with a hardfought victory over Wisconsin in the title game. 
Chicago, has won more men’s college basketball games than any other coach in history—over 1,000, including 945 wins and five NCAA titles at Duke. And, as all college basketball fans 
know, there is no place to see a game 
join me today in recognizing the outstanding achievement of the 2015 Duke University men’s basketball team and Coach Mike Krzyzewski on winning the 2015 NCAA Tournament championship. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, a college education should be accessible to all Americans. 
student loans, with an average balance of $29,000. This impacts our entire economy, as it prevents young people from buying homes, starting a family, and even buying a car. 
school education for all students because we recognize the advantages for our children and our society of having a good education. 
longer enough if you want to get a goodpaying job. A college education is necessary and essential in today’s society in order to move ahead. It is an essential step to getting a goodpaying job and joining the middle class. 
deck against our young people. The cost of higher education is through the roof, and student loans are weighing on our youth at one of the most vulnerable points in their lives. 
Mr. Speaker, our parents and grandparents didn’t have to take on this level of debt just to get an education. It is our responsibility to ensure that future generations have the same opportunities that our parents and grandparents had to access higher education without the burdensome student loan debt that we now carry. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
story in today’s Washington Post about the Salk vaccine being approved for usage in this country 50 years ago, on April 12, 1955. There was a picture of a secondgrade student getting a shot as a test case in 1954. It brought back memories to me that I wanted to relate here. 
gave shots to secondgrade children as part of the testing of the Salk vaccine. I had a brother in the second grade. My father gave him the shot that he gave all other secondgraders. 
mission was not to give shots beyond the second grade. So while the vaccine was in my home, he thought about giving it to me but didn’t. 
with polio. My father never forgave himself for not giving me that vaccination. I have suffered for it ever since and will continue for the rest of my life. 
I relate this story to tell the American people: Vaccinate your children. Don’t listen to the hysteria. Science has given us ways to stop children from getting diseases that have threatened society for generations. Do vaccinate. It is safe. 
(Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
in solemn recognition of the 100year anniversary of the genocide of over 1 million Armenians at the hands of the Ottoman Turks. 
24, 1915, when 250 Armenian intellectuals and community leaders were arrested. By 1918, between 800,000 and 1.5 million Armenians had disappeared, been killed through massacres, or subjected to forced labor and death marches in the desert. 
great human tragedies of the 20th century, including the Holocaust perpetuated by Nazi Germany against Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, Christians, and political opponents; the massacre of the Tutsis in the Rwandan genocide; the Khmer Rouge; and Joseph Stalin’s mass murders. 
lives perished in the Armenian genocide and to recognize the Armenian Americans in their ongoing quest to ensure that those who perished are remembered for their loss of life in one of the most tragic genocides of the 20th century. 
OF H.R. 1560, PROTECTING CYBER NETWORKS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1731, NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY PROTECTION ADVANCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 212 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes. The first reading of the bill shall be dispensed with. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. General debate shall be confined to the bill and amendments specified in this section and shall not exceed one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Homeland Security. After general debate the bill shall be considered for amendment under the fiveminute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Homeland Security now printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11412. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. All points of order against that amendment in the nature of a substitute are waived. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, 
not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill to the House with such amendments as may have been adopted. Any Member may demand a separate vote in the House on any amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole to the bill or to the amendment in the nature of a substitute made in order as original text. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. 
the House, as new matter at the end of H.R. 1560; 
the addition of H.R. 1731, as passed by the House, to the engrossment; 
1731, as passed by the House, to the engrossment of H.R. 1560, H.R. 1731 shall be laid on the table. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Georgia (Mr. C OLLINS ) is 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H. Res. 212, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to bring this rule forward on behalf of the Rules Committee. It is a rule that respects the legislative process and reflects the responsibility of Congress to address a critical deficit in the infrastructure of our Nation. 
of both cybersecurity measures under a structured amendment process. As a result of a thorough and deliberative committee hearing yesterday evening, there are five amendments to H.R. 1560 
and 11 amendments to H.R. 1731 that this body will have the opportunity to debate and ultimately vote for or against. 
speaks to the critical need for this legislation. Both bills passed their respective committees with bipartisan support, and I am hopeful this rule will enjoy similar overwhelming support. 
Democrats exceeded those offered by Republicans. I would like to thank 
our conference and across the aisle, to ultimately bring forward two bills that reflect compromise, consistency, and a deep understanding of the dangers that cyber attacks pose every day. 
combines the bills and sends them to the Senate as a package in an effort to work with the other Chamber, go to conference, and to produce a product that will be signed into law. This is a fair rule that respects this body, the importance of this issue, and the legislative process as a whole. 
this body last discussed cybersecurity. The ‘‘Internet of Things’’ has created unforeseen risks and exposed vulnerabilities and defects in the ability of companies to even simply talk to each other without fear of frivolous litigation. 
Our enemy is adapting, growing bolder and more sophisticated. North Korea, Iran, Russia, and China seek to exploit and devastate our economic security as a nation and our data security as individuals through cyber attacks that we cannot adequately anticipate, respond, or even communicate about. 
ones who wish to do Americans harm. Terrorists and criminal enterprises have also recognized that American companies are crippled by the ambiguity in our law as it relates to sharing cyber threat information. 
The cyber attack surface has expanded. Wearables, connected vehicles, and embedded devices have made it possible for cyber attacks to literally be driven into the parking lot or walked through doors. 
cyber threats and recovering from them are not sufficient to safeguard the data privacy of Americans and the economic security of our Nation. The scope of these attacks and devastating damages are increasing as rapidly as the attackers are themselves. 
will not render inoperable the scores of foreign countries and enterprises that want to see American exceptionalism brought to its knees; but they do give clear, positive legal authority to American companies to allow them to protect their own and to appropriately share cyber threats with other countries and, in certain cases, Federal agencies. 
Let me be clear. These are not surveillance bills. These are not data collection bills. This is not the PATRIOT Act or FISA. This body will debate intelligence gathering, collecting, sharing, and using at some point in the future, but today is not that day. 
government surveillance, like myself, would like to use this rule for that purpose and the underlying measures as a platform to debate that, but I urge them to refrain. We will have that debate. 
of the thousands of cyber threats American businesses face every single day. Let the attention be on North Korea. Let it be on Iran. Let it be on the countless enemies of the United States who want to destroy this Nation. For today, we speak with a united voice that they will fail. 
We declare with one voice that American companies have the right to protect their own, to protect and defend their own networks, to share technical information with the appropriate agencies on a voluntary basis if they so choose. 
I thank the Intelligence and Homeland Security Committees and their staff for their tireless work they have done to ensure that we can protect our economy, our infrastructure, and our private information. 
may attempt to paint this rule and underlying measures in a different light, so let’s allow the facts to speak for themselves. 
These bills have three key components. First, they provide for completely voluntary participation by private companies in a program with positive legal authority. This program allows three kinds of sharing—private company to private company, government to private company, and private company to government—but this sharing of information is limited only to cyber threat indicators. 
all unrelated personal information. It is the technical cyber threat information that is being shared, zeros and ones. In fact, there is a requirement that both the government and the private entity remove personally identifiable information when the information is shared and also when it is received. 
Third, the legislation expressly prohibits the cyber threat indicators from being used for surveillance. 
by helping businesses better protect sensitive information. Attacks against our network often seek to steal Americans’ personal information. This can include credit and debit card information, medical records, or even Social 
have all read about in the news were specifically aimed at stealing the personal information of Americans. Cyber attackers are also increasingly targeting small businesses. In fact, in 2014, 60 percent of all targeted attacks struck at small and mediumsized businesses. 
help protect American jobs by protecting the intellectual property of American businesses. It is estimated that cyber attacks cost Americans roughly 500,000 jobs a year. Foreign companies often use cyber attacks to target the trade secrets of U.S. companies and then use the information to produce their own competing product. 
The threat is real, both to our economic security as a nation and our personal information as individuals. If we fail to act and pass this rule and the underlying bills, our Nation and our personal privacy is more at risk than ever before. 
gentleman from Georgia for yielding me the customary 30 minutes, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Today, the House is convening to debate a matter that we all agree is critical for our national security, our economic competitiveness, our prosperity, and the success of our private sector. 
and Anthem are but two prominent examples of cases in which American businesses or government entities have come under attack by hackers, among many other instances that haven’t even been reported. 
House Intelligence and Homeland Security Committees did on these pieces of legislation and their attempts to address these issues. Unfortunately, in spite of their hard work and the work of those that went into crafting these two bills, I regret that they fall short of their goals and would likely do more harm than good. 
the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, raise enormous concerns about inappropriate sharing of personal information and surveillance on Americans’ private lives, but they are built on the premise that many security experts have warned is fundamentally flawed, that sharing information with the Federal Government should be the central focus of our efforts to protect American cyber networks, rather than simply one aspect to a multipronged strategy to defeat hackers, foreign and domestic. 
of these two bills, I want to discuss this unusual rule before us and how it treats two bills which contradict each other in significant ways. 
share jurisdiction over a matter—in this case, the Homeland Security Committee and the Intelligence Committee—they collaborate. One committee handles one portion of the bill, reports it out; the other committee handles the other portion, reports it out, and they work together to bring a single piece of legislation to the floor for Members to debate, amend, and vote for or against. 
with the recent SGR repeal legislation, which had components under the jurisdiction of no less than six different committees in this body, but was presented before us as a single bill. 
seems to be some kind of turf war between the Intelligence Committee and 
the Homeland Security Committee, we are actually voting on two overlapping bills that, in several respects, contradict one another. 
For instance, the bills have drastically different determinations of what kind of information may be shared, what purposes the government may use the information for, and what hacking countermeasures companies are allowed to take to protect their networks. 
Instead of having a meaningful debate on the merits of each bill’s approach, this body, if this rule passes, would forego that, and we would simply debate and vote on each bill separately, and if they both pass, the rule directs the Clerk to mesh them together through something called conforming amendments. 
to wade their way through two separate, contradictory regulatory schemes, but it leaves it unclear which bill’s provisions would actually prevail in practice and under which circumstances. It actually would create more uncertainty in the marketplace, rather than less. 
I don’t think anybody could reasonably call this an open process. We shouldn’t be depriving our constituents of an open debate on important issues. The major amendments of this bill that would have restored privacy, many of which I was a cosponsor, are not even allowed to be debated on the floor of the House, not for 10 minutes, not for 5 minutes, not even for 1 minute. 
the aisle are being denied a vote on the very amendments that we feel could address the concerns we have with the cybersecurity legislation and make sure that we keep American networks safe. 
NSA’s shockingly broad data collection program PRISM came to light, we have heard from many of our constituents. The American people want an end to unwarranted surveillance. They want Congress to restore desperately needed accountability and transparency to our Nation’s often outofcontrol intelligencegathering apparatus. 
that, at the very time the American people have spoken out that we want more safeguards, instead, we are bringing forward two bills whose central objective is to facilitate the flow of more personal information to the Federal Government, when we continue to put off the question of surveillance reform and bringing an end to the NSA’s bulk data collection without warrants. 
of the fact that several PATRIOT Act provisions will sunset at the end of next month, giving Congress a crucial opportunity to reexamine and rein in Federal surveillance programs. 
By putting off that issue and bringing mass information sharing to the floor, Congress is asking the American people for a blank check. Congress is 
saying: Trust the President. No President would allow this information sharing to infringe on your civil liberties, even though we have utterly failed to pass a single piece of legislation to end the privacy abuses that we know have occurred under this administration and the prior administration. 
they go far beyond, and they open up additional loopholes and potential abuses with regard to privacy abuses, particularly H.R. 1560, the socalled Protecting Cyber Networks Act. Both bills open up Americans’ private information to inappropriate scrutiny by the Federal Government. 
Now, I expect we will hear proponents of both bills argue at length that the protections against sharing personal information are sufficiently robust. 
will cite that cyber threat data is scrubbed twice for personal information, once by private entities before they transmit it to the government and once by government entities before they store the information or share it with anybody else. 
Now, that sounds good, but, unfortunately, the devil is in the details, and a close reading of the bill shows that there is an enormous loophole in the informationscrubbing component and that it fails to offer Americans safeguards for the personal information. 
in receipt of cyber data threat information may store and share personal information it receives—unscrubbed information—if they believe that it is related to a cybersecurity threat. 
considering that information ‘‘related’’ to a cybersecurity threat could be interpreted to mean just about anything, but it is also incredibly broad. It includes an implicit assumption that Americans’ personal information should be shared, unless Federal officials have information that it is not related to a cybersecurity threat. In many cases, the burden is to show that the personal information is not related to a cybersecurity threat for it to be scrubbed, rather than the other way around. 
So, yes, companies and Federal entities are required to scrub the data for information that can be used to identify a specific person. But the loophole then calls on them not to remove any personally identifiable information unless they can show that it is not related to cybersecurity. Even if there is an off chance that something at some point might be pertinent to some kind of investigation, it puts Americans’ personal information—without warrants, without due process, including information about patterns of Internet use, location, content of online communications—at great risk. 
when they are entrusted with it. The last thing we should be doing is empowering Federal agencies even more with a broad discretion to look at personal information unless there is clear evidence that doing so would combat a cybersecurity threat. 
I introduced, along with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, a number of amendments to both bills— one with the gentlewoman from California, Representative ZOELOFGREN , 
and one with Representative Z OELOFGREN and the gentleman from Michigan, Representative J USTIN AMASH —to 
impose a higher standard on Federal entities who are entrusted with this personal information. Our proposal would simply require the Federal Government to remove personally identifiable information unless it is directly necessary to identify or mitigate a cybersecurity threat—the purported purpose of this bill. 
These amendments would have imposed no additional burdens on private companies, but they would have given our Nation’s technology companies and the customers who keep them globally competitive more confidence that private information shared under these bills would not be subjected to inappropriate mass scrutiny by the government. 
fate as nearly two dozen others put forth to add in important privacy safeguards. 
The potential for abuse of private information under H.R. 1560 is even more farreaching. The Homeland Security bill at least makes clear that the information companies transmit to DHS should be shared specifically with other agencies that need it to protect critical infrastructure. But the circumstances under which information can be shared under the Intelligence bill—and who it can be shared with— are fuzzier and broader. 
1560, every cyber threat indicator shared with a civilian agency of the Federal Government is immediately shared with a host of other government agencies, including the NSA. This increases the threat to cybersecurity by having repositories of information replicated across numerous government agencies, creating additional avenues for attack by malicious hackers. That means that private sector companies will not be able to participate in the program and promise their users they will not share information with NSA or other government agencies unless required by law. 
Homeland Security bill includes some troubling provisions that allow the government to use cybersecurity threat information for criminal investigations unrelated to cybersecurity. Fortunately, the Rules Committee made in order an amendment by Representatives JOHN KATKO , ZOELOFGREN , and A NNA ESHOO that would address this problem in the Homeland Security bill. I hope that my colleagues adopt this amendment. 
is being considered to address this issue within the Intelligence bill, H.R. 1560, where the problem actually runs much deeper. H.R. 1560 permits cyber threat data, including Americans’ private information, that is shared with the Federal Government to be stored and used for a raft of unrelated purposes, unconstrained by congressional directive, including investigations and potential prosecution of crimes completely unrelated to cybersecurity. 
Obviously, all of us want law enforcement agencies to be equipped to prevent and prosecute violent crime, but the inclusion of these matters completely unrelated to cybersecurity broadens the scope of the measure far beyond what it is purported to be: a cybersecurity bill. In fact, it reduces the focus of our efforts on combating cybersecurity when you open it up to everything under the sun. 
reasons the government can invoke to store and share personal information, the authors of the bill essentially transformed the informationsharing initiative into a broad new surveillance program. 
measure, effectively, these bills are a stalking horse for broad new surveillance authority by multiple agencies of the Federal Government without warrants, without oversight. 
to hold onto any information about an individual that may be ‘‘related to’’ any of the many law enforcement purposes lumped into the bill. That gives the Federal Government enormous incentive to retain and scrutinize personal information, even if it is unrelated to a cybersecurity threat. 
also undermines due process protections that exist to protect Americans against unwarranted search and seizure. Private information about a person that was transmitted warrantlessly to the NSA under a program that was purportedly designed to combat hackers should not be admissible or used in court against them on an unrelated offense—not related to cybersecurity, not related to hacking. It would render all of our due process protections invalid simply because of the medium of the information that is used with regard to these matters in this case: Internet and cyberrelated mediums and communications through them. 
I joined Representatives ZOELOFGREN , D ARRELL ISSA, and B LAKE  
make clear that information sharing may only be used for the purpose of mitigating cybersecurity threats, again, the purported purpose of this bill. If the proponents of this bill are serious about combating cybersecurity, why did the Rules Committee deny Members the opportunity to limit the provisions of this bill to cybersecurity 
to sponsor an amendment to address a longstanding due process issue that has plagued our Nation’s legal system and our privacy rights. 
get a warrant if it wants to search through a person’s physical mail, it is not required to get a warrant to search through somebody’s old emails, provided the emails are older than 6 months. That contradiction and loophole was based on a 1986 law that was written before most people knew what email was. 
a bipartisan bill that has 261 cosponsors, and yet when we offered a provision on this bill, we were not given a chance to vote on it and pass it in spite of the grave due process implications that the underlying legislation has. 
process concerns, I am alarmed by the prospect that H.R. 1560 will actually invite attempts by both private and public entities to deliberately weaken the integrity of software systems in the name of cybersecurity. 
companies to deploy countermeasures that are called defensive measures in the form of hack backs that would otherwise be illegal. A countermeasure operated on one network should never cause harm to another that is prohibited by the Federal antihacking statute, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act. But that is precisely what can happen when a company places malware on its own network, because if that data gets stolen along with other valuable data, it can harm or lead to unauthorized or backdoor access of other proprietary networks or information. 
The gentleman from Virginia, Representative GERRY CONNOLLY , put forward two amendments to address this issue in a very thoughtful manner. Regrettably, neither one will be allowed to be debated or receive a vote on the floor of the House unless we can defeat this rule. 
risk that Federal entities will use the threat information they receive from private companies to circumvent the security protections safeguarding those same private companies’ information systems, effectively creating their own back doors which could later be exploited by malicious hackers. 
As a matter of routine, our intelligence apparatus already demands that private companies include defects in their encryption system for the purported purpose of conducting backdoor surveillance. Today’s legislation only makes it easier for the NSA to find and exploit more of these back doors and, therefore, easier—not harder—for hackers to find and exploit these very same security weaknesses. 
put forward an amendment that would actually improve cybersecurity by making it clear that Federal entities could not use data obtained through information sharing to demand that private entities create new encryption weaknesses to enable backdoor hacking. Sadly, once again, her amendment will not be heard on the floor of the House, and this bill will encourage and allow additional venues for the illicit hacking it purports to combat. 
Mr. Speaker, I don’t doubt the intentions and the goals of my colleagues on the Intelligence and Homeland Security Committees, but these bills simply represent a step backwards rather than a step forward, present risks on too many fronts, from privacy, to due process, to the threats that they add to the integrity of the very networks that these bills are designed to safeguard. 
In addition, the bills’ focus on information sharing negates an important conversation about more important mechanisms Congress should be looking at to protect cyber systems, mechanisms that are not as fraught with risks to our civil liberties and are more effective at protecting our networks. We should be doing more, for instance, to educate businesses and governments about basic network security. 
evidence of how woefully lacking even elementary knowledge about cyber threats is. Helping businesses prevent cyber attacks doesn’t have to mean that the government vacuums up endless amounts of personal data about how individual Americans are using the Internet and their personal communications. 
to demand that U.S. businesses deliberately weaken their own networks for the purpose of government surveillance, that, in itself, would be a big step forward to strengthening our national cybersecurity. 
allow for a debate or for a vote on the most significant concerns surrounding this legislation and denies Members the opportunity to consider changes that would address the issues that we have raised and improve cybersecurity under this bill. For these reasons, I hope my colleagues join me in opposing the rule and the underlying legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to focus this debate. There are many things my friend from Colorado brought up that will be debated, that are coming up, I think, as early, frankly, as tomorrow in some committees and will be debated on this floor. This is about sharing. This is about information protection. 
3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. KING), who 
is a member of both the Homeland Security and the Intelligence Committees. He is the chairman of the Homeland Subcommittee on Counterterrorism, and he is also the former chairman of the full committee. 
of the rule and also of the underlying bills, H.R. 1731 and H.R. 1560. 
Member of Congress who is on the Homeland Security Committee and the Intelligence Committee; and I was able to both take part and also to observe closely the extent to which the gentleman from Texas, Chairman MCCAUL, 
and the gentleman from California, Chairman NUNES , worked with Members on both sides of the aisle, worked with privacy groups, worked with Federal officials, government officials, and administration officials to try to make this as bipartisan a bill as possible, to ensure that privacy would be protected, but also to ensure that everything possible can be done to protect our Nation against cyber intrusions. 
upon our infrastructure. The critical infrastructure—mostly in private hands—is being targeted; and Federal networks, databases that are vital to our national security, are under assault every second of every day. 
out by a nationstate, such as Iran or Russia or China, or carried out by terrorist organizations, such as ISIS or al Qaeda, is extremely damaging and threatening to our national security; and it is essential that we, especially since so much of our critical infrastructure is in the hands of the private sector, allow for sharing, that we allow companies to share information with the government, that there is mutual sharing with the government, with the private sector, so that these companies can do it without fear of being sued, without fear of liability—they act in good faith; they do what has to be done. 
there—I know the gentleman from Colorado disagrees, but every measure is in there to ensure that individual rights will not be violated, that privacy will not be violated. And again, we have to look at, for instance, if the gentleman from Colorado is wrong, what this could mean to our country, how this could devastate—devastate— our infrastructure, devastate our national security, devastate our financial system. 
that was rushed into. And when you have both bills passing out of committee with, as far as I recall, not one dissenting vote—not that everyone was in full agreement with the bills. But 
the fact is this is probably as close to a consensus as you can come in the Halls of Congress on such a critical and, in some ways, such a controversial issue, to find that type of unanimity on the two committees that deal with this most significantly. 
Committee bill that allows this information to be shared. The port will be 
the Department of Homeland Security, and that was done, again, working with privacy groups and working with those who are concerned with civil liberties, at the same time working with those who realize how absolutely essential to our security passage of this legislation is and how we have to have this type of cooperation, this type of sharing, this information sharing, and being done with the government and with the private sector working together to combat these enemies which can come at us from all directions. Again, every second of every day these attacks are being attempted and carried out. 
That is the crisis that faces us as a 
nation. It is not as obvious as a bomb going off in Times Square, and it is not as obvious as a bomb going off at the Boston Marathon, but it is just as critical. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. KING of New York. It is just as 
critical and just as vital, in some ways more so, in that the ultimate result could be so devastating to our Nation. 
passage of the rule, which I believe is obviously essential, but also passage of the underlying bills because, again, our Congress has been criticized, with some validity, for not being able to work together and for not being able to get things done. But to have such a vital, controversial issue as this, to have both committees who deal with it most closely, to have them come together, all the effort and work that went into it, to have them come together to come up with this package of legislation, this shows Congress works. It shows we take this issue seriously, and it means we are going to go forward in all we can to combat terrorism in all its forms. Right now, probably the most lethal are the cybersecurity attacks being made on us. 
add that demanding that private companies deliberately include defects in their own encryption systems for the purpose of allowing the NSA to conduct backdoor surveillance only increases the risk of our cybersecurity networks rather than decreases it, which is exactly what the bill does. 
distinguished gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ), the ranking 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Colorado for yielding the time. 
1731, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act, as approved by voice vote in my committee, I rise to express my disappointment with the rule. 
Yesterday the White House announced support for House passage of H.R. 1731 but said that ‘‘improvements to the bill are needed to ensure that its liability protections are appropriately targeted to encourage responsible cybersecurity practices.’’ The White House was referring to the language that was inserted at the direction of the Judiciary majority. 
harbor for companies to share timely cyber threat information, it establishes an unduly complicated legal framework that runs the risk of providing liability relief to companies that act negligently. Moreover, it explicitly immunizes companies from not acting on timely cyber information. This language runs counter to the fundamental goal of the legislation: to get companies timely, actionable information to use to protect their networks. 
Yet when H.R. 1731 is considered tomorrow, Members will not be allowed to vote on a single amendment to fix the liability provision that the White House has called ‘‘sweeping’’ and said may weaken cybersecurity overall. Remarkably, none of the seven amendments that were filed to fix it are being allowed. 
I would also like to register my disappointment that the rule calls for H.R. 1731, upon passage, to be attached to the Intelligence Committee bill. From my conversation with Members, I know that there is a great deal of support for authorizing cyber information sharing with the Federal civilian lead, the Department of Homeland Security. As such, I would argue that the rule should have called for H.R. 1560 to be folded into our bill. 
point, Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the distinguished gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA), 
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee’s Subcommittee on Courts, Intellectual Property, and the Internet. 
rule, but not without trepidation. I will be opposing the underlying bill, but not without regret. The underlying bill could have done what we wanted it to do. It could have allowed for the exchange of information while protecting individuals’ privacy. It could have limited that information to preventing a cyberterrorist attack. But, in fact, amendments that were offered on a bipartisan basis, a number of them, that could have limited this would have, in fact, allowed us to have the confidence that this information would be used only for what it was intended. 
Mr. Speaker, since 9/11, the government has begun to know more and more about what we are doing, who we are, where we live, where we sleep, whom we love, whom we do business with, and where we travel. And we have known less and less. Just a few days ago, the Ninth Circuit in northern California had to rule that the government had to turn over information in a usable format. It took a Federal court order to do so. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
Mr. ISSA. I thank the gentleman. Mr. Speaker, this bill should mandate our knowing more and the government not knowing. It should have ensured that the government only had what it needed. It should have protected private companies who wanted to exchange appropriate information between each other. It should not have created a vast treasure trove here in Washington or somewhere in the hinterland where the government now and in the future can dig in for any purpose—criminal background investigations or perhaps simply checking to see if you paid your taxes. The fact is, this is a data vault that is not narrowly construed, and, therefore, sadly, without the amendments that were not allowed, I am not in a position to vote for this bill. I thank the chairman, and I thank Mr. POLIS for his kind remarks 
the previous question, we will offer an amendment to the rule that will allow the House to consider the Department of Veterans Affairs Cybersecurity Protection Act. 
gentlewoman from Arizona (Mrs. KIRKPATRICK ) to discuss our proposal. 
thank my colleague for giving me a couple of minutes to talk about the importance of protecting our veterans from cyber attack. 
1128, the Department of Veterans Affairs Cyber Security Protection Act. My bill will protect veterans’ personal and sensitive information from cyber attacks without compromising the VA’s ability to provide the health care, benefits, and services our veterans have earned. 
three things. First, it will require the VA to develop an information security strategic plan that protects current veterans’ information and anticipates future cybersecurity threats. Second, it mandates a report on VA actions to hold employees accountable for data breaches. Third, it requires the VA to propose a reorganization of the VA’s informationsecurity infrastructure to protect veterans and provide greater levels of accountability and responsibility in the VA. 
report employee violations of its policy and report any incidents involving the compromise of veterans’ personal information by the VA or from outside cyber attacks. 
Mr. Speaker, this bill is one commonsense way that we can hold the VA accountable and protect veterans’ private and personal information from cyber threats, and I urge all of my colleagues 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, at this time I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ), a member of the 
Homeland Security Committee and a colleague of mine from Georgia. 
will be an issue this House will have to constantly address for the foreseeable future. To achieve a system that will protect our Nation’s citizens and its infrastructure, we must create a public private partnership between Federal agencies and American businesses. This partnership will allow Federal agencies and American businesses to share cyber threat information, vulnerabilities within our cyber network, and the creation of new systems to protect consumer information. However, private businesses need to be provided protections and incentives to ensure they are protected from government abuse and private legal proceedings meant to gain access to private security information. 
with these two bills should be to clearly acknowledge protections given to companies that engage in penetration testing and clearly state that company proprietary information is protected from nefarious legal proceedings and exempted from Freedom of Information Act requests. It is reasonable to think that individuals would actively pursue this sort of proprietary information for the sole purpose of accessing the vulnerabilities of private cyber networks if we do not clearly state that this information is protected and exempt from those actions. 
possibilities and ensure that protections are provided so our country and its citizens can fully benefit from these laws. 
thank my colleague from Georgia who sits on the Homeland Security Committee for his passion and his commitment to addressing these critical defects in the laws governing this voluntary sharing of cyber threat information. The legislation before us today is good policy reflective of the hard work of the committees on which you sit, Homeland Security and the Intelligence Committee, as well as input from a vast array of stakeholders. It is important to know that the legislation is supported by every sector of the economy. 
legislative process will rightly continue after these bills are considered by the full House this week and for years to come as we revisit and reassess the needs of Americans’ privacy and also the laws governing cybersecurity. 
that if there is a conference committee on this bill, we should encourage them to seek additional clarification language as needed to ensure that companies are appropriately incentivized to share cyber threat information. 
appreciate all the hard work that you have done on this issue bringing this forward and continuing to work for not only the companies in Georgia but across this Nation who depend on a safe and secure cyber network. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
very day, leaders on the Judiciary Committee will introduce legislation designed to reform and rein in the Federal Government’s surveillance programs. I haven’t had the opportunity to review those bills yet, so I can’t speak to their merits. But I hope that if it is a strong bill, it will make its way through both Chambers and become law. 
rule that would take us in the wrong direction. Recent history has shown that this body shares the American people’s concerns that we don’t take the threat of unwarranted surveillance seriously enough and that Congress needs to pass meaningful reforms that balance our liberties, our freedoms, and our privacy with the need to keep America safe. 
MCCONNELL introduced legislation yesterday that would extend the NSA’s surveillance program without any of the reforms that many of us on both sides of the aisle have advocated to rein them in. This is despite the national outcry and, indeed, international embarrassment that has been counterproductive to the very American security goals that these provisions are designed to advance. 
not learning from the mistakes of the past, mistakes of overly broad surveillance authorities, but instead is about to repeat them. So before we approve faster, broader, and easier sharing of vast amounts of personal information from innocent Americans with the Federal Government, Congress should be taking up legislation to prove that we have the ability to curb abuse and the Federal Government’s penchant for abusing its access to this kind of data. 
So far Congress has not shown its aptitude for preventing this kind of abuse. Yet today we ask the American people to trust us, to trust the President, yet again, by opening up even more information to the NSA and other surveillance agencies. 
shown us that to protect American civil liberties from an overzealous surveillance apparatus, the authorities to review and share Americans’ personal information need to be construed as narrowly, as unambiguously, and as specifically as possible by the United States Congress. We need to limit very 
specifically to a specific set of circumstances under which sharing data and information is necessary for mitigating a security threat. 
We offered to do that through bipartisan amendments, working with Representative LOFGREN , Representative 
amendments are allowed to be discussed or debated under this rule. 
Act and the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act fall well short of the standard—and in the case of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act can even be counterproductive and falls woefully short. 
These pieces of legislation would enable Federal agencies to store and share Americans’ private information, such as Internet usage patterns, even the content of online communications, based on a vague or broad standard that doing so is not unrelated to a cybersecurity threat. 
have to prove that it is related to a cybersecurity threat; the burden of proof is to show that it is not unrelated to a cybersecurity threat. How can you demonstrably show that about anything? 
It would make it easier for government agencies to deliberately weaken software systems for the purpose of creating new surveillance back doors that foreign nationstates and hackers can presumably also exploit. 
more NSA surveillance by allowing the sharing of personal information for a raft of purposes unrelated to cybersecurity. We can do better. 
Congress will show that, yes, we take cybersecurity seriously, so seriously that we want to take the time to get it right. Whether that takes another week or 2 weeks or 3 weeks, getting it right means allowing Members of this body input into the formulation of the final bill meaningfully through the kinds of amendments that have been rejected outright under this rule without discussion, without debate, without a vote. 
today denies us the ability to consider amendments that would have addressed many of the concerns with the bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I urge my 
colleagues on both sides of the aisle to vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question. 
rule that combines two, at times, contradictory bills and rejects bipartisan amendments that would have addressed 
the concerns that many of us have with the underlying legislation. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the things—and there are many things that are going to be discussed, and I encourage all Members to vote for this rule. As we move into general debate, there will be a lot of discussion that talks about what we are moving forward; but, also, I want to bring forward that we are—as is seemingly not discussed bringing forth, there are amendments being brought forth on both of these bills. 
There also were 20something amendments in Homeland Security; there was also an amendment in Intelligence. These are vetted bills. This is a proper role with what we are doing in Congress in bringing these to the floor. 
want others? Yes; but, at this point, we are going to have that debate here on the floor. That is why voting for this rule and moving this forward is the proper thing to do. 
I want to talk about this need and why we are here even to start with. Most Americans recognize and understand that the growing attacks against our cyber networks and critical infrastructure and our laws fail to provide proper legal authority for information regarding cyber threats to be shared. 
In fact, when I am back home in the 
Ninth District of Georgia discussing this, most people don’t realize there is this barrier, and especially everything that is going on, they don’t understand why some of these impediments were put into place that keeps companies from protecting their own, but also protecting their own personal information. 
this debate is the discussion of what has actually happened and the personal information that is shared by these hackers who are getting into our system. 
Some of the latest attacks perpetrated by North Korea and other criminal enterprises on Sony Pictures and health insurance providers Anthem and Blue Cross Blue Shield speak to the type of attacks that occur on a daily basis that target the backbone of American business and the privacy of America’s most sensitive data. 
look to put in proper safeguards, we have to realize that doing nothing exposes more and more of our American citizens to personal information being shared. If we don’t believe it, just read the headlines from Sony, Anthem, and these others that have come out recently. 
reports and detected 64,000 cyber vulnerabilities, and these numbers are just based on information given to DHS and does not reflect the full scope of the attacks on our Nation. 
about the personal information, the FBI Director James Comey said: 
the United States. There are those who have been hacked . . . and those who don’t know they have been hacked. 
A recent survey by the Ponemon Institute showed an average cost of a cyber crime for U.S. retail stores more than doubled from 2013 to an annual average of 8.6 million per company in 2014. 
The annual average cost for a company of a successful cyber attack in 2014 increased to 20.8 million in financial services, 14.5 million in the technology sector, and 12.7 million in the communications industry. 
fully known. For example, in July of 2014, the U.S. Computer Emergency Readiness Team issued an advisory that more than 1,000 U.S. businesses have been affected by the Backoff malware, which targets pointofsale systems used by most retail industries. These attacks targeted administrative and customer data and, in many cases, financial data. Most companies encounter multiple cyber attacks every day, many unknown to the public and many unknown to the companies themselves even. 
Again, as we look back over the attacks of just the past year, Target announced an additional 70 million individual contact information was taken during the December 2013 breach in which 40 million customers’ credit and debit information was stolen. 
the payment cards of 2.6 million Michaels customers were affected. Attackers targeted the Michaels POS system to gain access to their systems. 
reportedly hacked in for 273 million users, although the specific number of accounts affected was not released. 
the inside by personnel who accessed user information, including Social Security information. 
been indicted for computer hacking and economic espionage. We have seen these attacks all over the board. 
comes to mind is if we sit back and are not productive and not proactive as the Intelligence Committee and the Homeland Security Committee have been here, we are putting in danger more personal information being exposed in ways that no American needs to have their personal information exposed and are being targeted in the process. 
stay on the floor, and that is why we are here today to support this rule and to look forward to that debate that has already happened and will continue to 
had over the past hour. Although we may have some differences, our unity should be clear against the cyber attacks and our resolve to prevent them and show their success is strong. 
on the floor, the opportunity to debate and to vote on 16 amendments, and a smooth and deliberative process for sending one bill to the Senate. These bills will help protect American consumers, jobs, and small businesses. 
Allowing companies, again, to voluntarily share cyber threat indicators with other companies and government agencies will help bring awareness to new threats and vulnerabilities. 
threat from another business or from the government before they are targeted themselves, they can better act to protect their customers’ personal information from a similar attack. 
I would like to thank Intel, Homeland Security, Judiciary, and Rules Committee members and staff for the thoughtful and involved processes that have brought us to this point. 
speak on the Rule governing debate on H.R. 1731 and H.R. 1560. 
I support the Rule for H.R. 1731 and H.R. 
1569 because it: 1. provides for consideration of important improvements to both bills; 2. makes clear the role of the Department of Homeland Security in securing civil government networks; and 3. the responsibilities of DHS in assist private sector entities in improving overall cybersecurity for themselves and their customers. 
Security Committee followed through the leadership of Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking 
Member T HOMPSON is an example of what can 
be accomplished when partisanship is removed from the policymaking equation. 
I would also like to thank Chairman SESSIONS and Ranking Member S LAUGHTER as 
well as members of the Rules Committee for making 4 of my amendments in order. 
I join my colleagues in the work to secure 
our nation’s cybersecurity, while preserving the privacy and civil liberties of our citizens. 
President Obama took several steps to move the issue of cybersecurity to the forefront by: 1. releasing a cybersecurity legislative proposal; 2. calling on Congress to take urgent action to give the private sector and government the tools needed to combat cyber threats at home and abroad; and 3. issuing the International Strategy for Cyberspace to make clear to nations abroad that the United States was firmly committed to improving cybersecurity and combating cyber terrorism. 
and will improve the privacy protections already in the bills and allow the Department of Homeland Security to become a better partner with the private sector in its work to improve domestic cybersecurity. One of the Jackson Lee amendments that 
will be offered to the both bills will improve privacy and civil liberties by providing the public with a report from the Government Accountability Office that their privacy and civil liberties are not being compromised by the programs established by this bill. 
1731 will include an assurance that DHS’s remains current on innovations: 1. on data security that can improve privacy and civil liberties protections; 2. in industrial control systems to keep pace with industry adoption of new technologies; and industry best practices; and 3. that can aid DHS in aligning federally funded cybersecurity research and development with private sector efforts to protect privacy and civil liberties. 
technology and equipment purchased with taxpayer dollars provided to ensure cybersecurity will remain current and focused on realworld applications that reflect constitutional values and how businesses and industry function. 
the Nation’s cybersecurity is ensuring that private entities can collaborate to share timely cyber threat information with each other and the Federal Government. 
with H.R. 1560’s broad liability protections offered to companies that sharing information with federal government programs established under this bill. 
established that incentivize good cybersecurity practices and would not grant immunity to a private company for failing to act on information it receives about the security of its networks. 
that computer network owners and managers will act to improve cyber defense of their systems when provided with information that vulnerabilities in their computer networks exist. 
companies not to act when presented with evidence of network cyber security vulnerabilities. 
Target, Home Depot, Neiman Marcus, JPMorgan Chase, and Athem are only a few of the cyber incidents that have plagued private sector networks. 
that the Internet is not yet what it must become to continue to meet the remote communication needs of a global marketplace. 
in the past and overcome we must create the resources and the institutional responses to protect our nation while preserving our liberties and freedoms. 
We cannot accomplish the task of better cybersecurity without the cooperation and full support of citizens; the private sector; local state and federal government; computing research community; and academia. 
and confidence of the American people that the actions taken by government to combat cyber threats will not threaten our way of life nor our hard fought Constitutional rights. 
of Homeland Security will be the federal government agency responsible for securing civilian government networks and supporting voluntary efforts by private sector companies and institutions to improve coordination and response to cyber security threats. 
The issues regarding liability protection related to cybersecurity must be addressed in order for H.R. 1560 and H.R. 1731 to have any chance of succeeding. 
have reached agreement on language that addresses concerns that have been raised regarding liability. 
outside and inside of government who can inform Congress on approaches to information sharing that will yield the desired results without compromising privacy or civil liberties. 
Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the Rule for H.R. 1560 and H.R. 1731. Members from both parties have a shared goal of bolstering cybersecurity and improving the quality of information that the private sector receives about timely cyber threats so that they can protect their systems. I am greatly disappointed that the Rules Committee failed to make in order any of the several amendments submitted by both Democrats and Republicans to refine what the White House has called ‘‘sweeping’’ liability protections, as they appear in both cyber information sharing bills to be considered this week. 
that ‘‘fails to act’’ on timely threat information could encourage companies to simply do nothing despite receiving information critical to the security of its systems. Appropriate liability protection does not grant immunity to companies for failing to act on such cybersecurity threat information, but rather incentivizes sound cybersecurity practices. The provision also effectively preempts state laws—including those in California, Massachusetts, and Maryland—that hold businesses liable for failing to maintain reasonable security of their systems, thereby undermining important protections for consumers and their sensitive data. 
Homeland Security Committee and I support President Obama’s straightforward, tailored approach to addressing what some in industry have identified as a major barrier to the sharing of cyber threat information—the risk that sharing such information would expose companies to legal liability. Unfortunately, the liability protection provision included in the bill puts in place an unduly complicated structure that runs the risk of providing liability relief to companies that fail to act on timely cyber information. I submitted two amendments to address the liability protection problems that exist in both information sharing bills to be considered this week. The first would have struck the provision immunizing companies that fail to act on timely threat information and clarified that the Act has no impact on a duty to act on shared cybersecurity threat information. The second would have removed all potential liability exemptions for willful misconduct by government actors. 
bills greatly, and at a minimum they deserved to be debated on the House floor today. The effectiveness of information sharing legislation and efforts to improve the security of companies’ systems depends on getting liability protection right. I look forward to continuing the discussion on liability protection with Members from both sides of the aisle as the bill moves forward. 
House Report 114–88, the report to accompany H. Res. 212, the special rule governing 
consideration of H.R. 1731, does not reflect a request by Mr. MULVANEY of South Carolina to 
add Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi as a cosponsor of his amendment, number 8 printed in part B of the report. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 212 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] 
has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
MARCHANT ). The question is on ordering the previous question. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 237, nays 179, not voting 15, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat 
Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) 
Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
and STIVERS changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Stated against: Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
163, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 238, noes 182, not voting 11, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne 
Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duckworth 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell 
Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Amash Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio 
DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration program. 
S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
DENHAM ). Pursuant to House Resolution 200 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 1195. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes, with Mr. YODER (Acting Chair) in the 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, April 21, 2015, amendment No. 2 printed in part D of House Report 114–74 offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) had been disposed 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MS . KUSTER  
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on amendment No. 1 printed in part D of House Report 114–74 offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) on which further 
proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 244, noes 173, not voting 14, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Barletta Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Comstock Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleming Flores Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurd (TX) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer 
Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCollum McDermott McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Moolenaar Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed 
Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Richmond Rigell Rohrabacher RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) 
Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tiberi Titus Tonko 
Torres Tsongas Upton Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walden Walters, Mimi Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder 
Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barr Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Denham DeSantis Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Fincher Fleischmann Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy 
Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
Meadows Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nunes Palazzo Palmer Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rouzer Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stewart Stutzman Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Valadao Wagner Walberg Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aderholt Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Graves (MO) Hastings 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
165 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. MARCHANT ) having assumed the chair, 
Mr. Y ODER , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1195) to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 200, he reported the bill, as amended by that resolution, back to the House with sundry further amendments adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the Chair will put them en gros. 
The amendments were agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 1195 to the Committee on Financial Services with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
BY PERSONS EMPLOYED BY COMPANIES ENGAGED IN PREDATORY PRACTICES RELATED TO SERVICEMEMBERS. 
No person shall be eligible to be a member 
of the Small Business Advisory Board, the Credit Union Advisory Council, or the Community Bank Advisory Council who has, in the last ten years, been employed by or acted as an agent of a company that has been subject to a State or Federal enforcement action, including a consent order, settlement or deferred prosecution agreement, for: 
practices in relation to the provision of consumer credit products to veterans or servicemembers. 
practices in relation to the provision of consumer credit products within 50 miles of a United States military installation, or that has targeted or harmed veterans, servicemembers, or their families who live on or are deployed to such installation. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New Hampshire? 
There was no objection. Mr. HENSARLING. Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order. 
The gentlewoman from New Hampshire is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage as amended. 
work on this bill. The three of us arrived in Congress at the same time, just over 2 years ago, as part of a very large freshman class. 
were all sent here by constituents frustrated with the gridlock and partisanship who want their Representatives to work together to solve problems. 
In that spirit, I appreciate the bipartisan work that went into this bill, which addresses a noble goal: ensuring that the voices of small businesses are heard by Federal regulators making important decisions across our entire economy. 
worked across the aisle to bring regulators like the FDA and the SBA to my district in New Hampshire to ensure that they listen to our small businesses and family farmers. 
today falls short of what our constituents expect and deserve, and contains a lastminute, partisan amendment to undermine funding for consumer protection. 
bill, however, I believe we should all work together to improve it. Thus, I offer this amendment to help protect veterans and military servicemembers from unscrupulous business practices. 
boards to ensure that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau consults with small businesses and community financial institutions. 
simply stating that no person shall be eligible to serve on a CFPB advisory board if they or their company has committed unfair, abusive, or deceptive business practices against veterans or military families. 
women in uniform should not have their homes foreclosed, their cars repossessed, or their families evicted when they are fighting overseas to protect our freedom. Likewise, military families should not be targeted by predatory interest rates and other abusive lending practices. That is not just wrong; it is illegal. 
a business violates protections for military families, they should not have a seat at the table when new rules are 
Democrats, to support this amendment. Send a message to our veterans. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. 
just want the House to, again, focus upon what this underlying bill is all about, a most modest and bipartisan effort to simply ensure that the CFPB, perhaps the single most powerful and unaccountable agency in the history of the Federal Government, has some people to represent the voices of our smallbusiness people, those that are being so harmed as we are losing a community financial institution a day in America, a community financial institution that helped fund our small momandpop restaurants, our automobile transmission repair shops, a farmer, a rancher, all of our small businesses. 
that council available, and what started out as a bill that came out of our committee 53–5, unfortunately, yet again, there were some of my friends on the other side of the aisle who were for it before they were against it. 
We will have very substantive debates on the issues dealing with the CFPB, but this one is a very modest one to have small business council, one that the Congressional Budget Office says will not cost trillions, will not cost billions, will not cost millions, but actually a figure we rarely hear around here, Mr. Speaker, thousands, on an annual basis, thousands. 
We should reject the motion to recommit. There is no reason to include it. Already, veterans’ voices will be represented, and if there is any group that deserves representation in all of the forms of council of government, it is our men and women who serve this Nation honorably in uniform—and our veterans, already assured. 
It is time to get on to the larger business of the House. I urge all of my colleagues to oppose the motion to recommit and to approve the underlying bill from the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PITTENGER ), and let’s get 
small business council at the table of the CFPB. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 184, noes 234, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton 
Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder 
Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 235, nays 183, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross 
O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Brady (TX) Curbelo (FL) DesJarlais Graves (MO) Hastings Murphy (FL) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Natural Resources: 
as my official resignation from the House Committee on Natural Resources. It has been my pleasure serving on this Committee since being elected to Congress. Thank you and I will continue working on important priorities relating to my new appointment 
ELECTING A MEMBER TO A CERTAIN STANDING COMMITTEE OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 
Mr. BECERRA. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Democratic Caucus, I offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That the following named Member be and is hereby elected to the following standing committee of the House of Representatives: 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material on H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 212 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 1560. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes, with Mr. MARCHANT in the chair. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the 
NUNES ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. S CHIFF ) each will control 30 
such time as I may consume. Over the last several years, cyber attacks have become a pressing concern for the United States. Anthem, Home Depot, Sony, Target, JPMorgan Chase, and other companies have been subject to major attacks, resulting in the compromise of personal information of employees and customers alike. 
Cyber thieves, whether hostile foreign agents or moneyseeking criminals, have stolen credit card numbers, accessed medical records, leaked proprietary information, and published confidential emails affecting tens of millions of Americans. This situation cannot continue. 
informationsharing legislation with strong majorities in the past two Congresses. The gentleman from California, Ranking Member SCHIFF , and I 
have continued this bipartisan tradition, working closely together to draft a bill that will increase the security of our networks while protecting users’ privacy. 
(Mr. RUPPERSBERGER ) is here. He sponsored this legislation last time, along with the gentleman from Michigan, Chairman Rogers, who is now retired, but I do want to give them a special thanks and gratitude. 
I hope that we can get this bill across 
leadership—the gentleman from Texas, Chairman MCCAUL; the gentleman from 
the Senate Intelligence Committee to ensure that our bills complement each other. 
addresses a core problem in our digital security infrastructure. Because of legal ambiguities, many companies are afraid to share information about cyber threats with each other or with the government. If a company sees some threat or attack, this bill will allow the company to quickly report information about the problem without fearing a lawsuit so that other companies can take measures to protect themselves. 
sharing: privatetoprivate, governmenttoprivate, and privatetogovernment. In that third scenario, the bill allows companies to share cyber threat information with a variety of government agencies. If banks are comfortable sharing with the Treasury Department, they can share with Treasury. If utilities prefer sharing with the Department of Energy, they can share with Energy. If companies want to share with the Department of Homeland Security, the Justice Department, or the Commerce Department, they can share with them. 
not encourage is direct sharing to the Department of Defense or the National Security Agency. Companies can still share with DOD and NSA, but they will not receive any new liability protections. 
This bill does not provide the government with any new surveillance authorities. To the contrary, it includes robust privacy protections. It only authorizes the sharing of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures: technical information like malware signatures and malicious code. 
Before companies share with the Federal Government, they must remove all personal information. If companies don’t follow those requirements, there is no liability protection. Furthermore, a government agency that receives the information must scrub it a second time. This will ensure all personal information has been removed. Only then can the information be forwarded to other Federal agencies. 
public and congressional oversight by requiring a detailed biennial inspectors general report relating to the government’s receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators. The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board must also submit a biennial report on the privacy and civil liberties impact of the bill. 
cyber attacks cannot be ignored. This bill will strengthen our digital defenses so that American consumers and businesses will not be put at the mercy of cyber criminals. I look forward to passing this legislation. 
I rise in support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. At some point, we need to stop just hearing about cyber attacks that steal our most valuable trade secrets and our most private information and actually do something to stop it. At some point, we need to stop talking about the next Sony, the next Anthem, the next Target, the next JPMorgan Chase, and the next State Department hack and actually pass a bill that will help ensure that there will be no next cyber attack. 
A few weeks back, the House Intelligence Committee held an open hearing on the cyber threat to America’s private sector. We heard from our witnesses that their businesses are cyber attacked billions of times a day—not thousands, not millions, but billions. 
and our privacy from not acting is massive, and it is certain. We see it happening all around us. So we must act now. That is why I am proud to support this bill. 
provides for voluntary information sharing of cyber threats between and among the private and public sectors. It does what no executive order can do: it incentivizes cyber threat information sharing by providing limited liability protection. Now companies can pool their resources and say to one another: I found this malicious code or this virus in my system; you need to protect yourself against it as well. And now the government can better warn companies of an impending cyber attack, just as it can for an approaching hurricane or an impending flu outbreak. 
to get the liability protection, a company that chooses to participate must remove any unrelated private information prior to sharing. This is something privacy advocates and I called for when previous informationsharing bills came before the House. 
Unlike prior bills, this measure requires the private sector to strip out private information. In fact, the bill has two, not one, privacy scrubs. The first happens when a company shares with another company or the Federal Government, and the second happens when the Federal Government shares the information further. This bill even holds the government directly liable if it doesn’t do what it is required to do. 
Second, to get the liability protection, a private company wishing to share with the Federal Government must go through a civilian portal. To be clear: a company can’t go directly to the DOD or NSA and get the bill’s liability protection. 
The lack of a civilian portal in previous bills was another key privacy group criticism, and this bill has resolved that issue, too. In fact, of the five main criticisms of prior cyber bills, this bill has resolved each of them. It has private sector privacy stripping of information. It has a civilian portal. It also has narrow restrictions on what the government can use that shared cyber threat information for. Gone is a national security use provision. Gone is a vague terrorism use provision. And what is left is only the most narrow of uses: to prevent cyber attacks, to prevent the loss of life, to prevent serious harm to a child, and to prevent other serious felonies. 
offensive countermeasures or hack back is authorized. This bill makes clear that you cannot take anything but defensive actions to protect your networks and data. 
Chairman, this bill makes clear in blackandwhite legislative text that nothing in the bill authorizes government surveillance in this act—nothing. 
What this bill does is authorize voluntary, private sector sharing of cyber threat information, and it allows the government to be able to quickly share threat information with the private sector, just as we need a CDC to put out timely warnings and advice on how to counteract this year’s flu strain or how to prevent a local disease from becoming an epidemic. In addition, the bill requires strong privacy and civil liberties guidelines and intense reporting requirements. 
right balance between securing our networks and protecting our privacy, and addresses the privacy concerns that I, among others, raised last session. However, there are still some improvements that are yet to be made as the bill moves forward. In particular, we need to further clarify that our liability protection only extends to those who act, or fail to act, reasonably. 
for working so hard on this bill. It has been a great pleasure to work with you, Mr. Chairman. I am grateful for all of the hours, energy, and talent that you and your staff have put in to making this bill successful. I want to thank all the members of HPSCI as well as the Judiciary Committee and the Homeland Security Committee for working together on this. We had many differences in opinion, and we still have some, but we kept our eyes firmly on what is best for the American people as a whole. With that, we found ways to come together and produce a stronger bill. 
Mr. Chairman, I hope we can continue to work together as well with the Senate and with the White House and all the stakeholders to produce an even stronger bill for the President to sign into law. 
I also want to acknowledge the leadership of our predecessors, DUTCH RUPPERSBERGER and former HPSCI Chairman Mike Rogers. We have come this far in part because of the good work they did in the last couple of sessions. I also want to thank all those who came in to speak with us and provide their input in making this a better bill. 
stolen, more jobs are lost, and more economic harm is done. Let’s stop sitting by and watching all of this happen. Let’s do something. Let’s do what this administration has urged us to do and pass this bill. Let’s do it now. I reserve the balance of my time. 
time I would like to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORELAND ), who also is the chairman of the Subcommittee on NSA and Cybersecurity for the House Intelligence Committee. 
support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. The bill encourages and protects information sharing on cyber threats between private companies and the government and private companies. The bill safeguards personally identifiable information from being exchanged during the process by requiring private companies and the government to both make sure that no private information is exchanged. 
many companies that deal with and secure sensitive data on a daily basis, and they are constantly looking for better ways to protect their networks. 
American businesses, I have spoken to industry leaders from Georgia and 
make information sharing between the industries and the government stronger to better protect our Nation. 
Cyberterrorism is the new battlefield, and adapting to this warfare is crucial to eliminating these threats. By allowing American businesses to alert other companies and the government of specific threats, and only the threats, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act can help shut down the cybercriminals from stealing sensitive information or causing devastating damage to our networks. 
is a bipartisan step forward in protecting businesses and citizens from being the next victim of a cyber attack. This bill helps devastating cyber attacks from going unnoticed or only being shared months after the attack. 
thank Chairman NUNES ; Ranking Member S CHIFF ; the ranking member on the 
he has put into this, as well as former Chairman Rogers. I ask for a ‘‘yea’’ vote on this. 
pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RUPPERS BERGER ), the former ranking member 
Chairman, I rise in support of the bipartisan Protecting Cyber Networks Act and want to thank the members of the House Intelligence Committee for continuing to prioritize our Nation’s security over partisan rhetoric. I do want to say this: I want to thank Chairman NUNES and also Ranking 
Chairman Rogers and me, but I want to remind you that it was a team approach, and you two were very active in helping to bring this bill here today as we did before. So thank you for your leadership. It is well worth it, and it is refreshing to see this bipartisanship. 
for yielding. I thanked you in my opening statement, Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , 
but without your leadership and former Chairman Rogers’ leadership on this bill, we would not be here today. I am encouraged not only by your past support, but then your taking the time to come down here to speak on this bill I think says a lot about you and your commitment to our national security and the security of our cyber networks. So thank you. 
again, and thank you for your leadership. Now, this legislation is very similar to the bill that Chairman Rogers and I introduced to promote information sharing between the private and public sectors, which is the single most important thing we can do to combat increasingly aggressive cyber attacks. Experts believe these attacks are 
costing American corporations billions of dollars each year. Target, Home Depot, and CareFirst are only the beginning. With Sony, we saw the first destructive attack in our country. It is only a matter of time before our critical infrastructure is targeted. What would happen if someone were to take out our electrical grid or 911 call centers or air traffic control? It goes on and on. 
among companies helps our companies defend themselves. Voluntary, twoway information sharing with the Federal Government helps improve our ability to protect America against foreign 
cyber threats by getting out more and better information faster. 
anyone has in any bill, between the bill and the bill Chairman Rogers and I introduced which passed the House. 
feel it is important to reach consensus and move this issue forward now. Our country continues to be cyber attacked. We are under attack as I speak. To do nothing is not an option. 
of Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF for their leadership and for 
the entire committee coming together for this bill, and I ask my colleagues to support it. 
time I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), the 
chairman of the Homeland Security Committee, who, without his strong leadership and support, we wouldn’t be at this juncture today getting a bill passed today and tomorrow that will hopefully become law. 
today in strong support of H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. I would like to first thank Chairman NUNES for his great leadership and collaboration with my committee and Judiciary on this bill, and also the ranking member, ADAM SCHIFF , a good 
friend as well, for his great work in the direction that this bill has gone. I think it has gone in the right direction. Also I know former Ranking 
here. I want to thank him for his leadership over the many years on this important issue of cybersecurity. 
at a critical time of rising cyber threats and attacks on our digital networks. Cyber breaches and attacks are affecting Americans’ privacy, security, and prosperity. Individuals are having their most private information compromised. Businesses are seeing their intellectual property stolen and their networks damaged. 
information is being targeted. The country’s critical infrastructure is being probed by foreign enemies. Detecting and defending against 
these digital assaults requires timely and robust information sharing between the public and private sectors. 
This exchange of data is crucial to connecting the dots, identifying cyber attacks, and shutting them down. 
will enable private companies to share cyber threat information on a voluntary basis with the Federal Government. This bill provides essential liability protection for sharing cyber threat indicators through trusted civilian agency portals. 
work on this bill and thank him for his great partnership in working together to have these two complementary bills, as tomorrow I will bring to the floor a prosecurity, proprivacy bill, the National Cybersecurity Protection Advancement Act of 2015, which further reinforces the role of the Department of Homeland Security’s National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center as the hub for cyber threat information sharing. 
in lockstep to remove obstacles preventing greater cyber threat information sharing across the private and public sectors. I commend the staff on both sides of the aisle, who have operated in tandem as we crafted these cybersecurity bills. I would also like to acknowledge Chairman GOODLATTE for 
devising the House’s standard liability exemption language for this week’s cybersecurity bill. 
in the House for strengthening cybersecurity while ensuring Americans’ privacy, and I urge my colleagues to support this measure. 
me great pleasure to yield 3 minutes to Mr. HIMES, one of our subcommittee 
ranking members on the Intelligence Committee and the Representative from Connecticut. 
would like to thank my friend from California for yielding time and start by saying that I am thrilled to be standing here to urge support for the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. I would like to thank and congratulate Chairman NUNES , Ranking Member 
SCHIFF , and the chairman of the subcommittee on which I serve as ranking member, Mr. WESTMORELAND , for coming together at a time when this Congress is accused, often rightly so, of being dysfunctional to take a very substantial step to secure the networks on which so much of our lives today depend. 
As ranking member of the Cybersecurity Subcommittee, my daily travels every single day expose me to people who say the single most important thing we as a Congress can do today to advance the security of our networks, to protect Americans, their financial records, their health records and, of course, even more ominously, to protect them against potential attack 
thing that our antagonists around the world would seek to do to us, the single most important thing we can do is to do what we are doing today, which is to set up a rubric whereby the very good people within the private sector who focus on this day in and day out can communicate threats to each other and communicate with the experts within the United States Government to work as a team to counter very, very serious threats. This rubric has been set up with ample attention and good attention to the very legitimate privacy claims and the liberties that we all take so seriously. 
happened at Sony. We saw what happened at Anthem. We know all the attacks that have been leveled internationally that destroyed computers. This is the reality that we live with, and this is a very big step, an informationsharing protocol that will counter those who wish us ill. 
I would note that the privacy protections in this bill are considerably better, as the chairman and ranking member have pointed out, than those that were in the bill of the last Congress. The objections of those who are focused on privacy have been dealt with point by point. And while I won’t say that the bill is perfect, this bill does what it needs to do to protect the privacy of the American people by obligating everyone to work hard to scrub personally identifiable information from any code, any information that is exchanged. 
that we don’t produce perfection, and it is my hope that as this bill proceeds through the legislative path that we will work even harder to make sure we are very clear about definitions and, in fact, are protecting the privacy rights of Americans as best as we can. But in the meantime we have taken a very big step forward in a bipartisan fashion in a way that will make America, its people, and its networks more secure. For that, I am grateful to the leadership and urge support of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ), another of 
our ranking members on the Intelligence Committee and a colleague from California. 
Madam Chair, I want to thank our ranking member and also the chair for bringing forward this bipartisan and necessary legislation. 
are under attack, and these attacks are not coming in the form of anything that we have been used to before. People are not kicking down front doors of homes and businesses; instead, they are attacking us through our networks. 
Our bank accounts, our health care records, our social media accounts, our cell phones, all are being hacked every day. 
Nation’s adults were hacked. The examples are voluminous: 70 million Target customers were hacked; 56 million Home Depot customers were hacked; 4.6 million Snapchat users were hacked. This is Snapchat, which is supposed to be an impenetrable account that allows data to come in and disappear. They were hacked. Hackings are happening every day. Our privacy is under attack. 
The problem, today, there is virtually zero relationship between private industry and government—private industry, which has about 85 percent of the networks, and government, which has about 15 percent of the networks but has vast resources that can help protect individuals against attacks. 
Our government has a duty, a responsibility, to protect the American people, and that is what this bill seeks to do. It does it in a number of ways. 
First and foremost, this is a voluntary program that is being created. No business is required to turn over their breach or hack information to the government; instead, there is a format, a procedure, that is now in place that will incentivize them to work with the government to identify in a way that strips out, through a number of protections, personal identifying information. 
is, when the business that has been hacked reports to a civilian agency, they must scrub the personal identifying information; but that is not the only way that that information is scrubbed. 
this personal identifying information, again, before it can be used or forwarded anywhere else in the government, it, again, must be scrubbed—two protections against personal identifying information being used. 
information be passed along to the government, this bill provides a right of action, civil recourse for any individual who is wronged to sue the government. There is also an oversight committee, a biannual inspector general report that must be presented to Congress that would report on any privacy violations that occur. 
day after day, are either learning that they have been hacked or someone they know has been hacked. This will continue to have a devastating effect on our economy and, as my colleague from Connecticut alluded to, perhaps our public utilities if we do not act. 
I urge support of this for my colleagues, and I thank the chairman and the ranking member for the hard work they have done. 
Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ), another one of the 
ranking members on the Intelligence Committee and a great Member. 
Chair, I would like to thank Ranking Member ADAM SCHIFF , as well as our 
chair, Chairman N UNES , for your leadership on this matter. 
the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, a bill that I am proud to be an original cosponsor, a bill that was unanimously voted out of our committee, the Intel Committee. 
chairman and the ranking member for their leadership. It is an honor to serve on that committee where we really try, on a daily basis, to be bipartisan in our efforts to protect the homeland and to secure our national security. 
This critical bill is bipartisan legislation, which encourages the private sector to share cyber threat information, which will ultimately help prevent future attacks. It seems like we are always hearing about another company being hit with cyber attacks. 
These attacks cost our economy billions of dollars each year, and it threatens our national security and jeopardizes every American’s sensitive, personal, and financial information. 
towards addressing this emerging national security threat without compromising the privacy of American citizens. 
companies can voluntarily share information with each other helps American businesses defend themselves against harmful cyber attacks and helps them protect consumer information and privacy. 
sharing with the Federal Government helps improve the Federal Government’s ability to protect all Americans against foreign cyber threats by disseminating vital information in a more timely and efficient manner. 
this cyber bill and all cyber bills as violating privacy, but I must assure you, Madam Chair, that this bill is a vast improvement over the CISPA bill that was entered and passed this House last term. 
protections that weren’t in the original bill, the most important of which is the requirement for two scrubs of private information, one by the private sector before sharing that information and one by the government before sharing it further. 
no direct sharing with NSA—a very narrow set of government use provisions, and a clear and legislative prohibition against such surveillance. Let me repeat: no provision of this bill provides any surveillance authorities. 
I am encouraged by the strong showing of bipartisanship as we work together to address the emerging threats 
to our national security. I urge my colleagues to join those of us who are members of the Intel Committee, as well as this administration has said that it also encourages a vote in support of this bill. 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. TROTT ). 
thank the gentleman from California for allowing me to speak in support of this bill. 
need for stronger cybersecurity efforts in our country. We live in a world where personal data flows through the Internet with great speed and data about people is gathered in an instant. The use of social media has opened up our lives to anyone with a computing device, and this is the same world where hackers steal millions of personal records from people in our districts. 
Members of Congress have been affected by hackers. Internet criminals pose dire threats to our governments on the local, State, and Federal level. The Federal Government has extensive resources to put up a fight, but our local governments and municipalities do not. 
counties—Livingston, Monroe, Oakland, Washtenaw, and Wayne—and the State of Michigan came together to build the Cyber Security Assessment for Everyone. CySAFE, as it is known, provides a strong point for governments to begin assessing their cybersecurity needs and taking steps to respond to attacks. The assessment is a simple Excel download located at www.g2gmarket.com. 
Michigan governments for committing the resources to develop such a tool. I encourage all of my colleagues to promote the use of CySAFE and to work together to find the right solutions to fight cyber crime, starting with passing H.R. 1560. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ), who is a former member of the 
Intelligence Committee and one of the Congress’ leading experts on cyber matters. 
time in coming. When I served on the Intelligence Committee the past two Congresses, I worked very closely with Chairman Rogers and Ranking Member RUPPERSBERGER on CISPA, and their 
the new leaders of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and producing an even better product, particularly with regard to privacy 
statutory authorization for the CTIIC, an important new center the President has created to provide comprehensive assessments of cyber threats. 
This bill before us certainly isn’t perfect. The liability protections, while generally narrow, could still be construed to project a company’s failure to act on threat indicators. It is important that my friends in this Chamber understand that information sharing is not a silver bullet. 
be done to improve our Nation’s cyber defenses, but I can say, with great confidence, passing an informationsharing bill will get us significantly closer to being much more secure in cyberspace than where we are right now, particularly when it comes to protecting critical infrastructure. 
the better part of a decade, I can firmly say that this bill marks a meaningful step forward. 
chairman and the ranking member for continuing with this bipartisan spirit that has long animated the Intelligence Committee’s cybersecurity work. 
Every moment we wait equals another Social Security number stolen, another checking account hacked, another invaluable trade secret pilfered, and another job lost. This is certain. We see it every day. 
both individuals and businesses, have been the victim of a cyber crime. Whether it is identity theft, the hacking of our email or Facebook accounts, or the loss of our privacy, when our health insurance company is breached, we have our privacy invaded. 
fees to compensate for the billions of dollars our businesses lose to cyber hacking and to the costs of preventing future cyber attacks. The problem is only getting worse. As our cars, our phones, our home security systems, our Internet banking, our electronic health records, our webbased baby monitors all get smarter, they also get more vulnerable. 
This isn’t speculation. This is happening today. It is happening right now. On the time that we have been on the floor discussing this cyber bill, billions of additional hacking attempts have been made. 
help stop this scourge of cyber hacking. We need to encourage cyber threat information sharing by passing the Protecting Cyber Networks Act today and then not resting until it improves on its way to the President’s desk for signature. I urge my colleagues to vote for this 
important measure. It is a bill that will help protect America’s most valuable and private information, while itself protecting privacy and civil liberties to a degree far in advance of where prior legislation has gone. I and my colleagues have made sure of that, and we will continue to do so as the bill advances. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I will close by just taking a few moments to thank my ranking member and colleague from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) for his fine work on this product. 
on both sides of the aisle, the staff that have worked hours and hours and hours to make the legislation from last Congress even better and then, as Mr. MCCAULsaid, to work with the Judiciary Committee and the Homeland Security Committee so that we have a product that I think is much better than the product that we have had in the past. 
the United States Senate. They have passed their bill out of committee. We look forward to, hopefully, their passing a bill off the Senate floor so that we can get to a conference. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
today to oppose to H.R. 1560, the Protecting Cyber Network Act (PCNA). While I commend Chairman NUNES and Ranking Member S CHIFF  
for crafting a bill that improves upon the cybersecurity legislation this body has previously voted on, I cannot support it in its current form. 
Despite addressing many of the reservations I had when we voted on the Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act (CISPA) last Congress, I have concerns about the ambiguous liability provisions in this legislation. While companies should have some legal protection, this bill gives liability protections to companies so long as they share or receive information ‘‘in accordance with the Act.’’ It would grant immunity to companies for simply putting forth a ‘‘good faith’’ effort when reporting security threats and sharing consumer data with the government and other companies. For example, companies would receive liability protection even if they fail to act on threat information in a timely manner. The unintended effect of these murky liability provisions is that companies would not have the same incentive to report security threats and protect their consumers’ privacy. I was disappointed that Republicans did not allow a vote on two amendments offered by Rep. RICHMOND than would have addressed these 
each day which threaten our national security and our economy. I strongly believe that we must take steps to protect against these cyber threats while not sacrificing our privacy and civil liberties. Should this bill pass the House, 
I hope that many of the loopholes can be resolved with the Senate, but as it stands today I cannot support it. 
The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. 
It shall be in order to consider as an 
original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence printed in the bill. The committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
defensive measures by the Federal Government with nonFederal entities. 
defensive measures with appropriate Federal entities other than the Department of Defense or the National Security Agency. 
AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES BY THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT WITH NON FEDERAL ENTITIES. 
threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government with representatives of relevant nonFederal entities with appropriate security clearances; 
Federal entities of cyber threat indicators in the possession of the Federal Government that may be declassified and shared at an unclassified level; and 
appropriate, of information in the possession of the Federal Government about imminent or ongoing cybersecurity threats to such entities to 
prevent or mitigate adverse impacts from such cybersecurity threats. 
maintains the capability to share cyber threat indicators in real time consistent with the protection of classified information; 
Federal entities that have received a cyber threat indicator from a Federal entity in accordance with this Act that is known or determined to be in error or in contravention of the requirements of this section, the Protecting Cyber Networks Act, or the amendments made by such Act or another provision of Federal law or policy of such error or contravention; 
receiving a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to implement appropriate security controls to protect against unauthorized access to, or acquisition of, such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; 
entities, prior to the sharing of a cyber threat indicator, to— 
‘‘(ii) implement a technical capability configured to remove or exclude any personal information of or information identifying a specific person not directly related to a cybersecurity threat; and 
‘appropriate Federal entities’, ‘cyber threat indicator’, ‘defensive measure’, ‘Federal entity’, and ‘nonFederal entity’ have the meaning given such terms in section 11 of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act.’’. 
table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 110 the following new item: 
and defensive measures by the Federal Government with non Federal entities.’’. 
provision of law, a private entity may, for a cybersecurity purpose, monitor— 
by, or transiting an information system monitored by the private entity under this paragraph. 
entity or a Federal entity upon written authorization of such nonFederal entity or such Federal entity for operation of such defensive measure to protect the rights or property of such private entity, such nonFederal entity, or such Federal entity. 
that has provided written authorization to that private entity for operation of such defensive measure on the information system or information of the entity in accordance with this subsection. 
cyber threat indicator or defensive measure other than as provided in this subsection; 
in formal or informal technical discussion regarding cyber threat indicators or defensive measures with a nonFederal entity or from providing technical assistance to address vulnerabilities or mitigate threats at the request of such an entity; 
threat indicator pursuant to this Act shall, prior to such sharing, take reasonable efforts to— 
measure shared or received under this section to monitor or operate a defensive measure on— 
Federal entity or a Federal entity upon the written authorization of that other nonFederal entity or that Federal entity; and 
such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure subject to— 
the sharing nonFederal entity or Federal entity on such cyber threat indicator or defensive measure; or 
threat indicator shared with a State, tribal, or local government under this section shall be— 
tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of information or records, except as otherwise required by applicable State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure in any criminal prosecution. 
AND DEFENSIVE MEASURES WITH APPROPRIATE FEDERAL ENTITIES OTHER THAN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OR THE NATIONAL SECURITY AGENCY. 
Security Act of 1947, as inserted by section 2 of this Act, is amended— 
Federal entity with an appropriate Federal entity (other than the Department of Defense or any component of the Department, including the National Security Agency) pursuant to section 3 of such Act is shared in realtime with all of the appropriate Federal entities (including all relevant components thereof); 
‘‘(ii) the sharing of such cyber threat indicator with appropriate Federal entities is not subject to any delay, modification, or any other action without good cause that could impede receipt by all of the appropriate Federal entities; and 
to each other Federal entity to which such cyber threat indicator is relevant; and 
Attorney General, in consultation with the heads of the other appropriate Federal agencies and with officers designated under section 1062 of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (42 U.S.C. 2000ee–1), shall develop and periodically review guidelines relating to privacy and civil liberties that govern the receipt, retention, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity obtained in accordance with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
that personal information of or information identifying specific persons is properly removed from information received, retained, used, or disseminated by a Federal entity in accordance with this Act or the amendments made by this Act; 
such information that is known not to be directly related to a use for a cybersecurity purpose; 
period in which a cyber threat indicator may be retained; and 
indicators may only be used for a cybersecurity purpose; 
threat indicators containing personal information of or identifying specific persons from unauthorized access or acquisition, including appropriate sanctions for activities by officers, employees, or agents of the Federal Government in contravention of such guidelines; 
provisions of law and the fair information practice principles set forth in appendix A of the document entitled ‘‘National Strategy for Trusted Identities in Cyberspace’’ and published by the President in April, 2011; and 
dissemination of cyber threat indicators is consistent with the protection of classified information and other sensitive national security information. 
Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021 et seq.), as amended by section 2 of this Act, is further amended— 
Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, who shall be the head of the Cyber Threat Intelligence Integration Center, and who shall be appointed by the Director of National Intelligence. 
the Federal Government for analyzing and integrating all intelligence possessed or acquired by the United States pertaining to cyber threats; 
agencies have full access to and receive all source intelligence support needed to execute the cyber threat intelligence activities of such agencies and to perform independent, alternative analyses; 
President, the appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government, and the appropriate committees of Congress; 
table of contents in the first section of the National Security Act of 1947, as amended by section 2 of this Act, is further amended by striking the item relating to section 119B and inserting the following new items: 
The provision of a cyber threat indicator or defensive measure to the Federal Government under this Act shall not constitute a waiver of any applicable privilege or protection provided by law, including trade secret protection. 
threat indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act shall be— 
and exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code, and any State, tribal, or local law requiring disclosure of information or records; and 
indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act may be disclosed to, retained by, and used by, consistent with otherwise applicable provisions of Federal law, any department, agency, component, officer, employee, or agent of the Federal Government solely for— 
or otherwise preventing or mitigating a threat of death or serious bodily harm or an offense arising out of such a threat; (iii) the purpose of responding to, or otherwise 
preventing or mitigating, a serious threat to a minor, including sexual exploitation and threats to physical safety; or 
threat indicator or defensive measure provided to the Federal Government under this Act shall be retained, used, and disseminated by the Federal Government in accordance with— 
the court and other litigation costs reasonably incurred in any case under this subsection in which the complainant has substantially prevailed. 
agency of the Federal Government that violated such privacy and civil liberties guidelines is located; or 
action under this subsection shall be the exclusive means available to a complainant seeking a remedy for a violation by a department or agency of the Federal Government under this Act. 
with this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
against a nonFederal entity (including a private entity) that has engaged in willful misconduct in the course of conducting activities authorized by this Act or the amendments made by this Act; or 
subsection, the term ‘‘willful misconduct’’ means an act or omission that is taken— 
that is so great as to make it highly probable that the harm will outweigh the benefit. 
once every two years, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of the other appropriate Federal entities, shall submit to Congress a report concerning the implementation of this section and the Protecting Cyber Networks Act. 
policies, procedures, and guidelines required by this section and section 4 of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act in ensuring that cyber threat indicators are shared effectively and responsibly within the Federal Government. 
indicators have been properly classified and an accounting of the number of security clearances authorized by the Federal Government for the purposes of this section and such Act. 
may impact the privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
‘‘(ii) A quantitative and qualitative assessment of the impact of the sharing of such cyber threat indicators with the Federal Government on privacy and civil liberties of specific persons. 
‘‘(iii) The adequacy of any steps taken by the 
Government based on cyber threat indicators shared with the Federal Government under this 
section or such Act, including the appropriateness of any subsequent use or dissemination of such cyber threat indicators by a Federal entity under this section or section 4 of such Act. 
employees, and agents of the Federal Government misusing information provided to the Federal Government under the Protecting Cyber Networks Act or this section, without regard to whether the misuse was knowing or wilful; and 
nonFederal entities that received classified cyber threat indicators from the Federal Government under this section or such Act and an evaluation of the risks and benefits of sharing such cyber threat indicators. 
Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall biennially submit to Congress and the President a report containing— 
policies, procedures, and guidelines established pursuant to section 4 of the Protecting Cyber Networks Act and the amendments made by such section 4 in addressing privacy and civil liberties concerns. 
paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board shall make publicly available the unclassified portion of each report required by subparagraph 
the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once every 2 years thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Homeland Security, the Inspector General of the Intelligence Community, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice, and the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, in consultation with the Council of Inspectors General on Financial Oversight, shall jointly submit to Congress a report on the receipt, use, and dissemination of cyber threat indicators and defensive measures that have been shared with Federal entities under this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
(ii) A review of the actions taken by Federal 
entities as a result of the receipt of such cyber threat indicators. 
(iv) A review of the sharing of such cyber 
threat indicators among Federal entities to identify inappropriate barriers to sharing information. 
paragraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate elements of the intelligence community, shall submit to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives a report on cybersecurity threats, including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches. 
which elements of the intelligence community participate in such relationships, and whether and how such relationships could be improved. 
and nonstate actors that are the primary threats of carrying out a cybersecurity threat (including a cyber attack, theft, or data breach) against the United States and that threaten the 
capabilities of the United States Government to respond to or prevent cybersecurity threats (including cyber attacks, theft, or data breaches) directed against the United States private sector are degraded by a delay in the prompt notification by private entities of such threats or cyber attacks, theft, and breaches. 
or capabilities that would enhance the ability of the United States to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity threats (including cyber attacks, theft, and data breaches). 
this section, the term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003). 
in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize the Department of Defense or the National Security Agency or any other element of the intelligence community to target a person for surveillance. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— 
a department or agency of the Federal Government to protect and control the dissemination of classified information, intelligence sources and methods, and the national security of the United States. 
in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to affect any requirement under any other provision of law for a nonFederal entity to provide information to the Federal Government. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— 
or future contractual agreement, terms of service agreement, or other contractual relationship between any nonFederal entities, or between any nonFederal entity and a Federal entity; or 
property rights of any nonFederal entity or Federal entity. 
this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to permit the Federal Government— 
indicator with a nonFederal entity on such nonFederal entity’s provision of a cyber threat indicator to the Federal Government; or 
grant, contract, or purchase on the provision of a cyber threat indicator to a Federal entity. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to subject any non Federal entity to liability for choosing not to engage in a voluntary activiy authorized in this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
Nothing in this Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to authorize, or to modify any existing authority of, a department or agency of the Federal Government to retain or use any information shared under this Act or the amendments made by this Act for any use other than permitted in this Act or the amendments made by this Act. 
Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed to supersede any statute or other provision of law of a State or political subdivision of a State concerning the use of authorized law enforcement practices and procedures. 
Act or the amendments made by this Act shall be construed— 
specifically established under this Act or the amendments made by this Act; or 
duplicate or conflict with regulatory requirements, mandatory standards, or related processes under another provision of Federal law. 
the Federal Government pursuant to the Protecting Cyber Networks Act or the amendments 
meaning given the term in section 3502 of title 44, United States Code. 
threat’’ does not include any action that solely involves a violation of a consumer term of service or a consumer licensing agreement. 
‘‘cyber threat indicator’’ means information or a physical object that is necessary to describe or identify— 
anomalous patterns of communications that appear to be transmitted for the purpose of gathering technical information related to a cybersecurity threat or security vulnerability; 
access to an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system to unwittingly enable the defeat of a security control or exploitation of a security vulnerability; 
incident, including a description of the information exfiltrated as a result of a particular cybersecurity threat; or 
threat, if disclosure of such attribute is not otherwise prohibited by law. 
measure’’ means an action, device, procedure, technique, or other measure executed on an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system that prevents or mitigates a known or suspected cybersecurity threat or security vulnerability. 
as supervisory control and data acquisition systems, distributed control systems, and programmable logic controllers. 
control’’ means a method for unauthorized remote identification of, access to, or use of, an information system or information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
‘‘malicious reconnaissance’’ means a method for actively probing or passively monitoring an information system for the purpose of discerning security vulnerabilities of the information system, if such method is associated with a known or suspected cybersecurity threat. 
acquire, identify, scan, or otherwise possess information that is stored on, processed by, or transiting an information system. 
does not include a foreign power as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
time’’ and ‘‘realtime’’ mean a process by which an automated, machinetomachine system processes cyber threat indicators such that the time in which the occurrence of an event and the reporting or recording of it are as simultaneous as technologically and operationally practicable. 
control’’ means the management, operational, and technical controls used to protect against an unauthorized effort to adversely impact the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of an information system or its information. 
meaning given the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b). 
to the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House 
may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . NUNES  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Page 5, beginning line 16, strike ‘‘in accordance with’’ and insert ‘‘under’’. 
Page 9, line 2, strike ‘‘and is limited to’’. Page 9, beginning line 14, strike ‘‘the intentional or reckless operation of any’’ and insert ‘‘a’’. 
Page 9, beginning line 17, strike ‘‘substantially harms, or initiates a new action, process, or procedure on’’ and insert ‘‘, or substantially harms’’. 
Federal entity, if authorized by applicable law or regulation other than this Act, from sharing’’ and insert ‘‘otherwise lawful sharing by a nonFederal entity of’’. 
Page 14, line 18, insert ‘‘or defensive measure’’ before ‘‘shared’’. 
violation’’ and all that follows through the period on page 28, line 2, and insert the following: ‘‘on which the cause of action arises.’’. 
Page 28, line 4, strike ‘‘subsection’’ and insert ‘‘section’’. 
Page 28, line 14, strike ‘‘in good faith’’. Page 28, beginning line 22, strike ‘‘in good 
Page 33, line 16, insert ‘‘of such Act’’ before 
Page 33, line 19, insert ‘‘of such Act’’ before 
Page 38, line 20, strike ‘‘threats,’’ and insert the following: ‘‘threats to the national security and economy of the United States,’’. 
Strike section 10. Page 51, line 13, strike ‘‘electric’’. 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman from California (Mr. N UNES ) and a 
this amendment to make certain technical changes to the bill. These changes will align several sections of the bill, including the authorization for the use of defensive measures and the liability protections, with the Committee on Homeland Security’s bill, H.R. 1731. 
The amendment also removes a direct amendment to the Freedom of Information Act because the bill already contains a strong exemption of cyber threat information and defensive measures from disclosure. The change does not have a substantive effect on the exemption of cyber threat information from disclosure laws. 
have received from our minority, from the executive branch, from outside groups, and from other committees of Congress. We want to make sure that the bill establishes a workable system for companies and the government to share cyber threat information and defensive measures. 
I urge Members to support this technical and clarifying amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the gentleman’s amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. SCHIFF. Madam Chair, the manager’s amendment makes mostly technical edits to the bill which advanced out of the Intelligence Committee unanimously. These strong edits came from our close and continuing consultations with outside groups and with the White House. 
done. In particular, we are going to work, as the bill moves forward, on the liability section. In order to benefit from the liability protection under the current language, it is necessary for companies to strictly comply with the act, which means sharing information only for a cybersecurity purpose and taking reasonable efforts to remove private information before sharing it. 
changes to the bill to make this requirement even more clear. In particular, I think it would be advantageous to strike what is, in my view, an unnecessary section on the rule of construction pertaining to willful misconduct. 
help further clarify the intent of the bill, which is that liability protection is only available if a company or other nonFederal entity shares cyber threat information, for a cybersecurity purpose, and only after it takes reasonable steps to remove private information not directly related to the cybersecurity threat. 
I think striking that section will make it more clear. If a company acts unreasonably—let alone recklessly or willfully—in following these requirements, it does not get liability protection, nor should it. 
to be careful not to create any confusion about there being any immunity for people or for companies acting willfully, recklessly, or even unreasonably in disregarding private information or the requirement that it be extricated. 
positive technical changes. There are further changes that I would like to see as the bill moves forward. Confusion in any section of the bill, particularly as it pertains to liability, means litigation, and litigation means costs, so I think there is further work for us to do to make it even more clear. 
substantive changes made in the manager’s amendment, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. I join the chairman in urging support for the manager’s amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, as I have 
no other speakers, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. NUNES ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . CA´RDENAS  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Small Business Administration shall provide assistance to small businesses and small financial institutions to monitor information and information systems, operate defensive measures, and share and receive cyber threat indicators and defensive measures under this section 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall submit to the President a report on the degree to which small businesses and small financial institutions are able to engage in cyber threat information sharing under this section. Such report shall include the recommendations of the Administrator for improving the ability of such businesses and institutions to engage in cyber threat information sharing and to use shared information to defend their networks. 
shall conduct outreach to small businesses and small financial institutions to encourage such businesses and institutions to exercise their authority under this section. 
today to speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 1560. 
I applaud the managers of this legislation for all of their hard work. I understand the difficult balance that must be struck in this important debate, and I thank the committee for the opportunity to have my amendment considered today. 
protect national security by starting from the ground up in protecting our smallest of businesses. 
our economy and national security. Hackers will look for the most vulnerable in the supply chain to exploit their security. This is why we must make sure any legislation related to cybersecurity places small businesses at the forefront of our security planning. 
customers and businesses up and down the supply chain, which will defend our economy, as a whole, from being attacked. 
SBA will assist small businesses and small financial institutions in participating in the programs under this bill, and it will make sure the Federal Government performs outreach to small businesses and to small financial institutions. 
addresses the issues that are critical to ensuring the security of our cyberspace and of our economic wellbeing now and into the future. 
Small businesses are increasingly becoming the target of cyber criminals as larger companies increase their protections, so we need to arm them with the information and technical assistance they need to create effective plans to thwart these attacks and intrusions. 
small business myself. I left my bigger, corporate job to start a small business in my local community and employ people I grew up with. Washington is a faraway place for many small businesses in our country. The laws here can seem disconnected. The issues can be brushed off as someone else’s problem. 
today and moving forward on all of these cybersecurity debates, that we make sure we have programs in place to work with and to educate our small businesses and that we understand that, every time one of these small businesses is successfully attacked and breached, it is a possibility that it could go under, losing those local jobs. I think this is a commonsense amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the gentleman from California for bringing forward this thoughtful amendment. He worked closely with the committee to ensure that the language did not disrupt the intent of the bill. I am prepared to accept the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CA ´RDENAS. Madam Chair, I 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ). 
cyber attack can be costly and damaging. For a small business, a cyber attack can be fatal, wiping out a family’s dream or a lifetime of work in a few clicks of a mouse. 
institutions also don’t have the large legal shops that are sometimes necessary to keep up with the latest changes or regulations coming from Washington. 
That is why I am so pleased that my 
California colleague offered this important amendment. While I don’t expect that any sharing mechanism will ultimately be costly to maintain or to access, there will be some costs, especially in the early stages of implementation, and there will be some new procedures to navigate. 
reach and authority of the Small Business Administration in the service of cybersecurity by having the agency assist in the rollout of cyber threat information sharing. 
bill. I thank the gentleman for raising the issue, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. CA ´RDENAS. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. CA´RDENAS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . CARSON OF  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. C ARSON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chair, I proudly supported this bill when we marked it in the Intelligence Committee. I am only bringing up this amendment today to address a basic transparency concern raised by my constituents after the markup, that the cybersecurity threat posed to our government, to our businesses, and to our personal information is massive and is growing every day. 
ensure that the lessons learned from a breach of one company can help strengthen the security of others. As a result, your Social Security and credit card numbers will be better protected. 
Madam Chair, as someone who opposed CISPA last year, I feel like this iteration is a major first step forward in privacy protection and transparency. I am particularly happy with the robust protections of personally identifiable information. 
Unlike past iterations, this bill mandates that cyber threat information is scanned and that personal information is removed not once, but twice, before it can be transmitted to other Federal agencies. 
companies will share their cyber threat information with a civilian agency and not directly with the intelligence community. I am also happy that additional limitations are placed on the ways that cyber threat information can be utilized. 
For all of the benefits of this bill, the 
American people still—rightfully so— expect oversight that is consistent and comprehensive. That is what this amendment is all about. It strengthens the oversight of the inspector general’s monitoring of this kind of information sharing. 
Now, with this amendment, the inspector general will oversee and report on the process for informationsharing procedures, for removing personal information, and any incidence in which this information was treated improperly. 
that sharing is happening properly and that the public is being protected. I hope that my good Republican colleagues will support this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I claim 
the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I want to 
thank the gentleman. He is a member of the Intelligence Committee and has played a very productive and constructive role. As he said, his constituents have brought these concerns to him. He worked with the ranking member and 
Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), 
first year on the committee, and I appreciate his dedicated service and the interest he has taken in oversight of the intelligence community. He brings a background in law enforcement, which is a very welcome addition to our committee, and joins other colleagues with a very similar background. 
make privacy improvements throughout the process. I support his efforts here again to make a good bill even better. Mr. CARSON ’s amendment would 
include a requirement to make sure the critical dual privacy scrub is working the way it should. This is very important. It is at the core of our bill and at the core of our efforts to protect privacy. So we must monitor how these requirements are working and support transparent reporting to make sure that they are working as intended. 
helping to keep our communities safer, but I still want to thank my Republican colleagues for supporting this amendment, and I thank them for their friendship. As a new member of the committee, Madam Chair, I have greatly appreciated the guidance—bipartisan guidance, if you will. 
Chair, has heard from constituents who are concerned about government surveillance and overreach. After everything we have heard about bulk collection over the last few years, the American people are right to be concerned about new authorities to collect data. 
states, this is not a surveillance bill. We have protections in place to ensure that the intelligence community cannot collect and utilize your personal data. This amendment simply ensures that Congress and the public get to see this sharing process and see how it works if these protections happen to fail. I urge support for this amendment and the underlying bill. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
Mr. MULVANEY. I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
this Act shall terminate on the date that is seven years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
House Resolution 212, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank the chairman of the committee for the opportunity to present the amendment here today. 
genesis of this amendment, which is very simple, by the way. It adds a 7 year sunset to all the provisions of the bill. 
review of this bill, it occurred to me that this was a really close call. There were folks whom I respect with a great deal of credibility who reached out to me and said: Look, here are the difficulties with this bill and why we should defeat this bill. At the same time, there are a lot of folks for whom I have a great deal of respect and have a great deal of credibility in the industry who also reached out to me and said: Look, this is a very serious problem. Here are the good things in the bill, and here is why you should support it. 
have that circumstance before us where it is a close call. We are balancing two very critical things: security—specifically, cybersecurity—on one hand, and privacy, liberty interests, on the other. It is a balancing act that we are called on to do many, many times here in Washington, D.C. 
As I was going through the bill, taking input from both sides of the argument, it occurred to me: All right, what if we have got it wrong? What if we have the balancing act wrong? Sure, we can go back in and fix it at some point in the future, some indeterminate time in the future; but face it, this is a busy place, with a lot of bills demanding attention on any given day in Congress. 
Wouldn’t it be nice to have something hardwired into the bill that would force Congress at some point in the future to come back and say: Okay. A couple years back, here is what we did on cybersecurity. Is it working? Did we get it right? Is the balance between security and privacy one that is serving both of those very important interests correctly? 
my colleagues about the amount of time that was necessary. Madam Chair, 7 years is a long time to have a sunset provision in a bill. It came to my attention, though, given the complexities, the complexities of the systems 
necessary to be put in place in order to implement the programs in the bill, that 7 years was the appropriate level of time. 
I am glad that we have sunset provisions in other pieces of legislation. I doubt very seriously we would be having serious discussions right now about things as important as the PATRIOT Act if a sunset provision was not hardwired into the bill. Maybe we should consider adding these to every single piece of legislation for just the same reason: to force us from time to time to see if what we thought we were doing several years ago was really as good an idea as we thought it was several years ago. So that was the intention. 
That is the genesis of this amendment—again, very simple, a 7year sunset provision. I hope my colleagues will see fit to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I rise in 
opposition to this amendment, although I appreciate my colleague’s concern. 
from South Carolina, I think, is very thoughtful in his approach in wanting sunset provisions in many laws that pass this body, and I think that is correct on major pieces of legislation, especially involving government bureaucracies, the creation of government bureaucracies, and the implementation of regulation. 
points that I think this bill is very different because this is a voluntary bill. It is also legislation that, because of the liability protections that are in this bill, if you have a sunset clause in it—and part of the reason why the other amendments that were made out of order and this one was made in order, because it was the longest time, with the 7 years, as the gentleman said—it is tough for a company to design, build, get in the process of preparing how they are going to share this information company to company, and I am afraid that even though this is 7 years, will companies make the investment terms of being willing to actually share? Then, if this expires, what happens with the trial lawyers that would then come after the fact when the Congress doesn’t act with information that is sitting out there that no longer has the protections? 
last version of this legislation was up last Congress, we made several changes since then, and we have many more supporters since that time because of the changes we have made to make sure that we have scrubbed private data, to make sure this doesn’t go to any government agency, to make sure 
that it is voluntary, all of the steps that we have taken. But because of the trial lawyer component and the liability being left open, this is why groups 
like Heritage, in the last Congress, opposed an amendment just like this. 
We would like to work with the gentleman and his colleagues on this, but I would ask if he would be willing to maybe work with us in a potential conference or possibly down the road, if it might be appropriate. I hate to oppose this amendment because he is my good friend, but I want to try to see if he might be willing to withdraw and work with us when we get to a conference on a reasonable solution to this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MULVANEY. I will respond in a 
Madam Chair, I might consider withdrawing the amendment, but I think we are here today under a somewhat extraordinary rule. I do appreciate the chairman’s genuineness in his request because we have worked very closely together on other matters in the past. I look forward to working with him on other matters in the future. I consider him to be a good friend and colleague. But because of the nature of the joint rule, if this bill passes and the bill that is being offered by the Homeland Security Committee tomorrow passes as well, my understanding is those two bills will then be merged. I have a similar amendment, Madam Chair, tomorrow to Mr. MCCAUL’s bill, so I am not 
really sure if even withdrawing at this point would accomplish the necessary end that you seek. I will politely decline your request, and respectfully so. 
mention an interesting part of my history here in Washington, D.C. When I offered a similar amendment to, I believe, the PATRIOT Act a couple years back, The Heritage Foundation did oppose it. It always makes me smile, Madam Chair, when I remember going through that conversation with my friends over at The Heritage Foundation, and I had to send them a copy of Ed Feulner’s own book. Ed, of course, is one of the founding members of The Heritage Foundation, and the last chapter is an exhortation to please include a sunset provision in every single piece of Federal legislation. Again, that just sort of makes me smile. 
With all due respect due to the chairman, both as the chair of the committee and a Member of this body and a friend of mine, I will politely decline his request. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NUNES. I now yield 1 minute to 
chairman yielding time to me, even though I am in support of this amendment. 
Madam Chair, we need this legislation because our companies, our industries, our government, and even our individual citizens are under attack by foreign cyber hackers, under attack from criminals. We need the cooperation between the government and the private sector, but unfortunately we have seen that wellmeaning folks in 
the government sometimes get a little overzealous in their data collection we don’t always see. 
For instance, section 215 of the PATRIOT Act, we saw in the Snowden revelations that every bit of metadata on phones was being collected. We didn’t know that when we passed the PATRIOT Act. Now we have an opportunity to put a backstop in place where we can take a look a few years down the road and make sure this isn’t being misinterpreted, not in line with congressional intent, and not in line with the Constitution. This backstop, this sunset, is a critical piece of the bill. The bill is not perfect, but this makes it a whole lot better and gives us a second bite at the apple should things be going wrong. 
I appreciate your yielding. Mr. NUNES. Madam Chair, I am prepared to close. 
I would just say that I hate to have 
to oppose this amendment because I think my colleagues are offering it in good faith, with good intentions. However, it is a voluntary program. As I said, cybersecurity is going to continue to be an everincreasing problem and challenge, and the last thing we want to do is put a backstop in to where companies or private citizens are afraid to share the information with each other because they are afraid of being sued by some trial lawyer down the road. 
amendment, but I will have to oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MULVANEY. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part A of House Report 114–88. 
shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
House Resolution 212, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
thank the manager and the chairman and ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee for their service and leadership. 
will answer a question that has been raised by many Members but really has bipartisan support. 
This amendment is offered as a Jackson LeePolis amendment, and the specifics of it say: 
that many of us will hear over and over again from our constituents. 
and misdirection and unfairness and terrorism, it is important to secure this Nation and to be able to have the right information. 
As I serve as a member of the Homeland Security Committee, I believe we have to have information to thwart terrorist acts and protect the homeland. 
amendment. This amendment will provide the public assurance from a reliable and trustworthy source that their privacy and civil liberties are not being compromised. 
We are a State and a Nation born out 
of the existence of the Bill of Rights. Along with the Constitution, it has framed a democracy, but it has also framed the preciousness of individual rights and privacy. I offer this amendment, again, to emphasize the importance of privacy that is so very important. 
provides, again, for a Government Accountability Act report to Congress on the actions taken by the Federal Government to remove personal information from data shared through the programs established by this statute. 
The intent of the report, as indicated, is to provide Congress with information regarding the effectiveness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
in the sole external report on the privacy and civil liberties impact of the programs created under this bill. 
American people. I know that because, as we were doing the Patriot Act in the 
will tell you that large voices were raised, particularly out of the Judiciary Committee and in working with the Intelligence Committee, about the issues of privacy. Americans understand that. 
American public. Privacy involves the handling and protection of personal information. And as well, when personal information is improperly accessed, used, or abused, it can cause financial and personal harm to those whose data is involved. 
ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), the distinguished ranking member. 
the gentlewoman from Texas and the gentleman from Colorado for their amendment, and I am happy to support it. 
We create a lot of law in this body, 
and it is absolutely necessary that we establish reporting mechanisms that allow us to measure the effectiveness of the work that we do here. This is an amendment that will do just that. 
operation of the sharing mechanism that we are creating today, we can determine whether it is working as intended or whether it needs to be tweaked or changed to be more effective. We must always ensure that the government is fulfilling its obligation under this bill to remove personal information. 
Again, I want to thank SHEILA JACKSONLEE, as well as the gentleman from 
consumer views on the privacy issue published by the Pew Center found that a majority of adults surveyed felt that their privacy is being challenged along such core dimensions as the security of their personal information and their ability to retain confidentiality. 
It is for this reason that I believe the 
Jackson Lee amendment, in conjunction with the underlying legislation, H.R. 1560, will be an added asset to ensure that the personal data, privacy, and civil liberties of Americans are protected. 
Madam Chair, I offer my thanks to Chairman NUNES , and Ranking Member S CHIFF for 
The bipartisan work done by the House Select Committee on Intelligence resulted in H.R. 1560 being brought before the House for consideration. I offer acknowledgement to Congressman 
The Jackson LeePolis Amendment provides for a Government Accountability Office (GAO) report to Congress on the actions taken by the Federal Government to remove personal information from data shared through the programs established by this statute. 
The intent of the report is to provide Congress with information regarding the effectiveness of protecting the privacy of Americans. 
This amendment would result in the sole external report on the privacy and civil liberties impact of the programs created under this bill. 
of personal information that individuals provide in the course of everyday commercial transactions. 
accessed, used, or abused it can cause financial and personal harm to the people whose data is involved. 
published by the Pew Center found that a majority of adults surveyed felt that their privacy is being challenged along such core dimensions as the security of their personal information and their ability to retain confidentiality. 
For this reason, the Jackson Lee amendment providing an independent report to the public on how their privacy and civil liberties are treated under the implementation of this bill is important. 
I ask that my colleagues on both sides of 
I ask that the amendment be supported, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . MULVANEY  
clause 6 of rule XVIII, the unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. MULVANEY ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 313, noes 110, not voting 8, as follows: 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cramer Crowley Cummings 
Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte 
Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Harris Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) 
Kline Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McMorris 
McNerney Meadows Meeks Meng Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent O’Rourke Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roe (TN) Rohrabacher Rokita Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walker Walorski Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch 
Aderholt Amodei Barletta Barr Benishek Bishop (MI) Blackburn Boustany Brooks (IN) Bucshon Calvert Carter (TX) Coffman Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Dent DiazBalart Dold Fincher Frelinghuysen Guthrie Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Hill Holding Hudson 
Hurd (TX) Israel Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson, Sam Katko Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Knight Lance LoBiondo Long MacArthur Maloney, 
Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McSally Meehan Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Murphy (PA) Newhouse Nunes Pittenger Poliquin Pompeo Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Renacci Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Royce Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sensenbrenner Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Stewart Stivers Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walters, Mimi Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Womack Woodall Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) 
Messrs. ISRAEL, FINCHER, CALVERT, RYAN of Wisconsin, TURNER, SAM JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Messrs. ABRAHAM, and RUPPERSBERGER changed their vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ 
Ms. PELOSI, Mses. EDWARDS, LORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Messrs. ROHRABACHER, CARNEY, ZELDIN, ROSS, RICHMOND, Mses. MATSUI, STEFANIK, Messrs. SIRES, CROWLEY, Mses. SCHAKOWSKY, DeGETTE, TITUS, Messrs. JOYCE, SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, VEASEY, Mses. BROWNLEY of California, LEE, and Mr. PETERSON changed their vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
Pennsylvania). The question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HULTGREN ) having assumed the chair, 
Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 1560) to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity 
threats, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 212, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? 
If not, the question is on the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. 
The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
I have a motion to recommit at the desk. 
the bill H.R. 1560 to the Select Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select) with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith, with the following amendment: 
Page 22, line 14, strike ‘‘and’’. Page 22, line 16, strike the period and insert a semicolon. 
the United States, ensure that the appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government prioritize the sharing of cyber threat indicators regarding known terrorist organizations (including the Islamic State, al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, and Boko Haram) with respect to— 
countries in which such terrorist organizations are based or provide training (including Syria, Iraq, Yemen, Afghanistan, and Nigeria); and 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman is recognized for 5 minutes in support of 
this is the final amendment to the bill, which will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
we have is to protect the American homeland and the American people. The threats against our country are ceaseless and constantly evolving, and we too must evolve and adapt in our efforts to maintain the domestic security that the American people have entrusted us to uphold. 
step forward in that effort. Our Nation’s cyber infrastructure is under attack every single day from hackers, from foreign nations, and from terrorists. I believe H.R. 1560 will strengthen our government’s ability to coordinate with companies in the private sector, share intelligence, and respond to these threats, but I also believe the legislation should be stronger. 
terrorist organizations are actively seeking to steal American military intelligence and technology, and we know that terrorists are using the Internet to spread their poisonous ideology, recruit American citizens to join their ranks, and encourage attacks here in America. Just this week, six Minnesota men were arrested after trying to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State. Last week, authorities arrested an Ohio man who actually trained with a terrorist group in Syria and returned to the U.S., intent on carrying out an attack on our soil. Earlier this month, two women in my home State of New York were arrested for planning to detonate a bomb in New York City. 
help prevent a domestic terror attack by allowing Federal agencies to coordinate and prioritize the sharing of cyber threat intelligence regarding known terrorist organizations like the Islamic State, Boko Haram, al Shabaab, and al Qaeda and its affiliates, groups that use the Internet and social media as a weapon in their efforts to attack the United States and the American people. Likewise, this amendment will direct Federal agencies to prioritize the sharing of intelligence regarding attempts by terrorists and foreign nations to steal American military technology. 
our Nation and the people we serve. I have no doubt that that is the highest priority for my colleagues on both sides of the aisle, so we must also make it a priority to neutralize these threats and do all that we can to thwart the violent ambitions of those who want to do us harm. 
1560 is important legislation that deserves bipartisan support, but I believe this amendment deserves the same. It 
make the American people safer, and I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to give it their full support. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
Mr. NUNES. Mr. Speaker, this motion to recommit is nothing more than a poison pill designed to destroy the years of work that have gone into crafting this legislation. 
the motion to recommit purposes. It helps the American people defend themselves against hackers from countries like China, Russia, Iran, North Korea, and other terrorist groups. 
debate this problem, our country is under attack from hackers who steal our intellectual property, pilfer our personal information, and target our national security interests. 
the motion to recommit and ‘‘yes’’ on final passage. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, this 5 minute vote on the motion to recommit will be followed by a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) 
Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee 
Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Walz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas 
Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 307, noes 116, not voting 8, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Beatty Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clarke (NY) Clay 
Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DiazBalart Dingell Dold Duckworth Duffy Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Farenthold Farr Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Green, Gene Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Joyce Kaptur Katko 
Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Levin Lipinski 
LoBiondo Loebsack Long Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin 
Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Palazzo Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter 
Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poliquin Pompeo Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Scalise Schiff Schrader Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Barton Bass Becerra Blumenauer Bonamici Brady (PA) Brat Bridenstine Buchanan Capps Capuano Cartwright Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Cohen Conyers Courtney Cummings Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette DeLauro DelBene DesJarlais Deutch Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duncan (SC) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Fattah Fleming Gabbard 
Garrett Gibson Gohmert Gosar Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Al Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Hahn Harris Hice, Jody B. Honda Huelskamp Huffman Issa Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Jordan Kildee Labrador Larson (CT) Lee Lewis Lieu, Ted Lofgren Loudermilk Lowenthal Lummis Lynch Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McDermott 
McGovern Mooney (WV) Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Perry Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Polis Posey Rangel Ribble RoybalAllard Rush Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schweikert Scott (VA) Serrano Sherman Slaughter Stutzman Takano Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vela Vela´zquez 
Mr. ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
MOMENT OF SILENCE COMMEMORATING 100YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF FIRST USE OF POISON GAS 
represents the 100year anniversary of the first use of poison gas on Earth. On April 22, 1915, chlorine gas was sent crawling in favorable winds over Flanders Fields from German positions into positions held by the French. This sowed terror and agony for the first time. 
everyone listening to pause for a moment to think of everyone who has died in the last 100 years from poison gas, including everyone who is dying today in Syria. 
Mr. Speaker, many people in America were horrified at the ‘‘60 Minutes’’ presentation of the sarin attacks and the footage that that included. It is horrifying to think that chlorine is also being used in that war today. 
There is a reason that we put chemical weapons in a separate category, never to be used by any nation in any war. Let us just pause and think for a moment and rededicate ourselves to ridding the entire world of chemical weapons forever. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, last month, our world bid farewell to Ed Mead, a former president, copublisher, editor, columnist, and allaround legend of the Erie TimesNews in Erie, Pennsylvania, a paper founded by his grandfather in 1888. 
Mr. Mead leaves behind an extraordinary legacy in the newspaper business and in the community of Erie, the 
city where he was born and spent so much of his life devoted to connecting with people. 
‘‘the voice of Erie,’’ leading a long and distinguished career that included more than 14,000 features for his ‘‘Odds and Ends’’ column, one that appealed to so many people throughout our region. 
Mr. Mead was so committed to serving his family’s newspaper that, after graduating from Princeton University in 1949, he turned down a contract to play professional football in the National Football League’s Detroit Lions club; instead, he decided to return to work in Erie for the next 63 years at the Erie Times. 
long be felt at the Erie Times Publishing Company and in the entire city of Erie and in the entire community, we know he now rests in heaven. 
may be gone, but he will surely never be forgotten. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize someone who has been described as a trailblazer, a pioneer, and a woman of firsts: Pinellas Park Police Chief Dorene Thomas who, on this Friday, will retire after four decades of public service. 
Thomas became the first sworn female police officer at the Pinellas Park Police Department in 1980. In fact, when she started, the evidence room was located in the men’s locker room, something she would eventually change. 
In 2000, Thomas became the department’s first female police chief, but she often said she would simply prefer to be known as a good police chief rather than a female police chief. 
Five years ago, she was elected president of the Florida Police Chiefs Association, another first for women. She has also started intensive crisis intervention training, which teaches officers how to work with people with behavioral or mental health challenges. 
Mr. Speaker, it is a privilege to recognize a person who has helped keep our citizens safe, to honor a person who has led with courage, kindness, grace, and understanding. 
thanking Chief Thomas for her selfless years of service. Thank you for making Pinellas County a safer place, and thank you to all the men and women who, today, serve on the front lines of law enforcement. 
Chief Thomas, enjoy your retirement. You have very well earned it. 
ALLEN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL) is recognized for 60 minutes as 
State of the Union Address, President Obama asked us in Congress to grant us fasttrack Trade Promotion Authority, so he can ‘‘write rules for the world’s economy.’’ 
should we expand this President’s authority, given how he has extended executive overreach, fumbled our foreign policy, debilitated our defense, and diminished our domestic tranquility. At least this time, the President asked to bypass Congress. 
partnership or the tactics of their negotiation, two fundamental questions loom: Why do we trust this President, given his track record in foreign affairs? And what serious harm would come to the Nation by waiting 21 months? 
would prevent Congress from amending as much as one word of the rules he writes, a sweeping agreement the White House has been working toward for the past 6 years. Even if parameters were set beforehand, violations would be subject to an upordown vote with no amending permitted. Unlike a treaty, a simple majority is all that would be needed to pass. 
such a sweeping agreement could have grave implications. The American people must be at the table, and they can be, through their elected representatives in Congress. 
of congressional committees would hold hearings with experts, establish clear objectives, set the terms of negotiation, and be regularly informed throughout the negotiating process. 
the best national interest for the long haul, not designed to please some small groups of wellconnected insiders for some tempting shortterm benefit. 
While trade is vital in securing economic freedom and in strengthening our values and friendships, we must approach any partnership with a comprehensive view of its strategic impact. Advocates have stated that a TransPacific Partnership will open trade involving 40 percent of global economic activity. 
considers that 6 of the 11 nations proposed for the partnership already have strong trade agreements with the United States and many of the remainder enjoy excellent trade relations, such as with Japan. 
surplus without delineating this improvement will come from services such as financial, insurance, and computing, not from manufacturing, as he purports. Given Obama’s scathing treatment of financial and insurance investment overseas, one wonders if there is not some other hidden motivation. 
Alarmingly, Mr. Obama uses containment language with regard to China as a major premise for obtaining fast track authority. While we employ economic instruments of our national power with regard to an ascendant China, we must ensure in tandem efforts with diplomatic and informational instruments as well. Strategically, these are lacking. 
Further, should a trade dispute result in an impasse, nations historically have lashed back with their last remaining option, their military. I have been on the receiving end of many of those strategic implications. Ours must be prepared—our military—as we explore these new frontiers. 
from anyone in Congress or the White House thinking comprehensively and strategically in this manner, that our military and our diplomatic efforts must also be resourced and reinforced as we move economically in this pivot to Asia. 
China more than a century ago as a hedge on an ascendant Japan to balance European concerns, the achievement was widely heralded. Japanese society had rapidly embraced Western science and technology since the days of Commodore Perry. A vibrant economy blossomed. Western ideas in manufacturing, banking, business, and even military doctrine quickly transformed Japan into a formidable power. This was not without political consequence. 
fought as an ally in a world war with the West, imported goods to a demanding public, built ships together with the West, and signed treaties. Their rapid transformation alarmed the Japanese Diet hardliners, who used this antiWestern sentiment to wedge political power. 
embrace of the West gave way to competition for resources, distrust, the fall of Japanese Government, and the doctrine of their Greater East Asia Co Prosperity Sphere. 
was embraced in the West was now widely disrespected in Japan. Despised, they were deliberately attacked; few ever saw it coming. That Japan and the United States are such strong allies and friends today is a testament of our mutual commitment to the repairing of human diplomatic and economic tragedies. 
rush willynilly into a fasttrack Chinese hegemony without regard to strategic thinking. Given his dismal foreign policy record, it comes as no revelation, but it does come with consequences. What serious harm will come to our Nation by waiting 21 
months when we have an administration that actually could achieve foreign policy successes, instead of one foreign policy defeat after another? 
it seems good to the taste and pleasant to the eye, but it does so with consequence. We should not be lured by the appeal to our natural senses for trade and economic growth. 
consequences in a major war in the future. We do that by advancing our national instruments of power with diplomatic effort, military readiness, and preparedness in tandem with our economic effort. 
What serious harm can come by waiting 21 months? As Abraham Lincoln famously said: 
this authority. We need to wait, have the patience, lay the strategic foundation so that we can do what is best for our country, and move into a trade agreement that will have a longlasting foundation. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) is recognized for 60 
24, we will mark the 100th anniversary of the Armenian genocide. 100 years ago, 1.5 million Armenians, along with the Syrians and Greeks, were slaughtered by the Ottoman Empire in the first genocide of the 20th century. 
our capacity to comprehend it: 1.5 million Armenians killed, 6 million Jews killed in the Holocaust, 1 million Tutsis. The numbers become abstractions sanitized by their enormity. It is only when we consider each of those lives individually that the full horror comes into focus. 
than victims—they are human beings. The Armenians massacred from 1915 to 1923 were men, women, and children who were targeted in what was then an unprecedented campaign to wipe out an entire people. 
It is our duty in the modern day to 
remember those lost and to bear witness that the campaign to destroy the Armenian people failed. We do so by speaking the truth, and we do so by speaking the names of those 1.5 million and by keeping both the way they lived and the way they died alive in our memory. 
Earlier this month, I asked my thousands of Armenian constituents and millions of Armenians around the 
names and stories of their family members who were killed 100 years ago. The response was overwhelming. Thousands of people sent the names and stories of ancestors killed in the genocide—the names of infants and toddlers ripped from their mother’s arms, the names of children and the elderly dying of exhaustion and starvation on a forced march to Deir ezZor, the names of women and girls raped and brutalized and killed, the names of clergy tortured and burned alive in their own churches, the names of men robbed of their possessions, of their homes, and of their lives. 
From Glendale, to Yerevan, to Jordan, and every corner of the world where Armenian diaspora lives, families sent me those names and those stories. It is my honor to read some of those names this hour, knowing that it would take more than 1,000 hours, more than 50 days, to read all of them. 
administration may lack the courage to recognize the genocide. Our Congress may lack the courage to recognize the genocide. But no one can deny the humanity of its victims, and no one can deny our right to speak the truth. 
Armenians were killed in the Armenian genocide. These are their names: 
George Tutunjian Harutsun Minasian Samuel Kadiyan Dikran Karakashian Manoug Tenkerian Mary Tenkerian Hagop Artinian Makrouhie Tenkerian Mihran Tenkerian Sarkis Tenkerian Tagouhi Hounanian Gevork Vasilyan Hovnan Hounanian Siranush Tatulyan Shooshan Hounanian Lusadzin Boghikian Karapet Orudzhyan Zorig Hounanian Elias Hovsepian Grace TotigianKlanian Simon Klanian Azniv Totigian Mariam Minasian Tamam Kouyoumjian Hovhannes Kouyoumjian Isgouhi Kademian Khachig Kademian Arakel Gayserian Karapet Orudzhyan Vahan Avetikyan Hakop Semerdjian Hagop Yeniguveiyian Hagop Yeniguveiyian Garabed Kulhanjian Vahan Jihanian Assadour Shekherdmian Khachik Danelian 
Gadarineh Danelian Makrouhi Chavdarian Garabed Jihanian Hovsep Sarkissian Matteos Sarkissian Bedros Torosian 
Aram Achekbashian Kegham Vanigian Mourad Zakarian Yervant Topuzian Hagop Basmajian Smpat Kelejian Roupen Garabedian Armenag Hampartsoumian Apraham Mouradian Hrand Yegavian Karnig Boyajian Hovhannes Ghazarian Mgrdich Yeretsian Yeremia Manoukian Tovmas Tovmasian Karekin Boghosian Minas Keshishian Boghos Boghosian Hampartsum Boyajian Janet Tufenkjioglu Daniel Mkitharian Takouhi Tufenkjioglu Ripsime Bedoian and Margaret 
Bedoian were sisters, aged 8 and 10. They were taken forcefully by Turkish soldiers from their home in Harpoot. Ransom was demanded, but the family was poor and could not pay. They were never seen again. 
Dikran Kalousdian Khatun Kalousdian Mardiros Gevoglanian Adrineh Ghazelian Abraham Bilalian Nazareth Torosyan Agavne Jurukian Avak Giurlakian Harout Avagyan Lilit Abrahamyan Avag Avagyan Bagdasar Jurukian Vahan Eloyan Hambardzoum Avagyan Khachatour Avagyan Hovsep Sarkissian Khatchadour Jingirian 
Alex Petrosyan Sarkis Jingirian Khachadur Petrosyan Petros Petrosyan Hovhanes Petrosyan Hagop Chaghastpanian Garabet Petrosyan Shushat Petrosyan Megerdich Saakian Yeranui Shurjyan Panos Shurjyan Hovhannes Hovhannisyan Garabet Hovhannisyan Hovsep Hadjyan Sarkis Hadjyan Ohan Hadjyan Khachadur Petrosyan Petros Petrosyan Sylva Portoian Hagop Karanfilian Gadar Karanfilian Dikran Vartanyan Kerop Vartanyan Manuel Tanielian Robert Vartanyan Barkev Vartanyan Haykaz Vartanyan Levon Vartanyan Alice Malconian Yervand Margaryan Manoushag Chakalian Mgrdich Salian 
Gulsima Polatian Kevork Der Markarian Dilber Der Markarian Araksiya Nadjarian Ohanes Kahkejian Bertha Tanielian Harout Aydinian Khachig Kerbabian Sarkis Dadoyan Siragan Abrahamian Bishop Ignatius Maloyan Nerses Zeytoonian Karnig Seferian Garabed Amirkhanian Ohan Khodzhabashian Mariam Amirkhanian Victoria Sergenian drowned her two 
children and herself to end their suffering as they were forced to march hundreds of miles through the desert. 
Iskandar Ohanissian Touren Krikorian Apraham Krikorian Touren Krikorian Bedo Seremjian Hachik Madilian Zakar Pstikyan Sirvart Dembekjian Mariam Donikian Andon Donikian Sedrak Barighyan Mihran Chookaszian Aznif Gulazian Simpad Gulazian Vahan Manusadjian Souren Azirian Matyos Karachayirlian Mihran Khayan Levon Karachayirlian Abrahm Kasparian Artin Benlian Voski Ghazarian Lucie Mahserejian 
Hagop Mahserejian Solomon Khachaturian Almakdisi Jubrail Chad Hairabed Hairabedian Hripsime Hairabedian Hripsime Semizian Hagop Semizian Yervant Semizian Hovaness Arslanian Nevart Arslanian Manual Arslanian Khosrof Arslanian Garabed Jihanian Hovsep Sarkissian Souren Azirian Mihran Khayan Archpriest Hoosik Kachouni Nishan Nishanian Toros Balian Bayzar Balian Garabed Mekjian Sarkis Sevian Hagop Sevian Prapion Sagherian Hovhannes Sagherian Nazaret Chalian Garabed Kulhanjian Bedros Der Sarkissian Haroutune Der Bedrossian Nahabed Kasabian Thadeus Derdiarian Agavne Pamboukian Hourig Barsoumian Sarkis Barsoumian 
Hitoon Higobian Ohin Higobian Ani Arkelian Sarkis Arkelian Higop Arkelian Ohines Arkelian Movses Kochgerian Arsidakes Varjabedian tried to prevent Turkish soldiers from raping his 15yearold sister in Nevshehir. He was shot to death. 
Mariam Kochgerian Mari Iskandarian Asadoor Daghlian Elizabeth Daghlian Gabriel Khalaf Simon Issa 
Astghik Doola Manel Jamgotchian Moushegh Jamgotchian Gernelios Jamgotchian Vahan Jamgotchian Levon Jamgotchian Kegham Djemdjemian 
Chouhar Djemdjemian Mariam Jamgotchian Dikranouhi Jamgotchian Anna Jamgotchian Karekin Hekimian Zabel Hekimian Avedis Hachadourian Zabel Hachadourian Khatchadour Hachadourian Zarouhi Paghtikian Levon Yapoujian Mary Yapoujian Artin Budakian Daniel Varten Kondakjian Markar Zoornajian Sarkis Krikorian Hagop Kinadjian Lucia Chaderchian Ashod Kinadjian Khoren Kinadjian Shahmihram Kinadjian Vahharam Kinadjian Kaspar Santourian Maretdhza Hamalian Victoria Kotchakian Giragos Kotchakian Hambartzum Nersesian Nubar Nersesian Rehan Nersesian Abraham Ghazarian Mooshegh Ghazarian Samson Ghazarian Peprone Ghazarian Nounig Hotoian Mariam Torisyan Nazig Torisyan Nersess Der Babian Toros Mekhsian Rahel Mekhsian Apraham Mekhsian Hrant Mekhsian Mariam Kulekesayan Haig Arakelian Armenak Garabedian Dikran Garabed Nevart Najarian Grikor Surenian Dareh Surenian Garegin Surenian Aghavni Surenian Faris Surenian 
Mardiros Fermanian Kaspar Jeboghlian Hagop Jamgotchian Hovhaness Jamgotchian Hrant Shenlooguian Dikran Shenlooguian Krikor Shenlooguian Nishon Jivelegian Surpoohi Jivelegian Byzar Jivelegian Lusintak Amirkhanian Simon Sheshetian Sarkis Mouradian Eva Mahseredjian was 10 years old. 
Her village was occupied by Turkish troops. Two soldiers fought over her to settle their dispute. Their commanding officer cut Eva in half with a sword. 
Elize Mouradian Garabed Kljian Hagop Madaghjian Khachig Kasabian Kohar Kasabian Garabed Kasabian Osanna Keuilian Movses Keuilian Ghazar Jivalagian Elizabeth Arakelian Kaloost Meldonian Sarkis Meldonian Hovagheem Hovsepian Elbis Hovsepian Hagopig Hovsepian Elizabeth Yaghdjian Sarkis Yaghdjian Krikor Yaghdjian Hajno Jardarabed Haji Martros Mardiros Deovletian Asniv Yaghdjian Sara Yaghdjian Mourad Sarkissian Zemroukht Sarkissian Artin Boyamian Avedis Boyamian 
Kevork Mkhitarian Lucine Mkhitarian Arousiag Shirinian Garabed Shirinian Yaghut Markosyants Martiros Markosyants Nikoghos Zarobyan Bedros Bedrosian Khachadour Buchaklian Levon Maxoudian Hagop Yeramian Skandare Kalousdian Elizabeth Sirounian Reverend Father Kevork Nalbandian Kevork Belekian Vartan Belekian Nerses Belekian Yosef Belekian Hagob Belekian Vartish Belekian George Vartarian Tigran Nargizian Zarouhi Zeitounzian Nargizian Avedis Ainilian Hovannes Mugrdichian Hornig Mugrdichian Roupen Kapikian Haiganoush Kapikian Veronica Elmasian Apik Elmasian Satenig Kapikian Vartouhe Kaimian Toumass Kaimian Lucine Manougian 
Ohanness Avedis Jalakian David Muradian Sara Muradian Loucine Zarougian Bedros Zarougian Tateos Der Avedisian Maritza Kurkjian Der Avedisian Arshavir Der Avedisian Hrant Der Avedisian Maritza Basmajian Vartouhi Basmajian Hagop Chavooshian Boghos Zarougian Bishop Kevork Nalbandian Dickronouhi Nigoghosian Armenouhi Nigoghosian Barooyr Nigoghosian Sarkis Nigoghosian Vartivar Berberian Anna Berberian Iskouhi Kalfayan Jivan Kalfayan Parsekh Balian Valentine Balian Garabed Berberian Panos Berberian Migirdich Salian Haroutioun Apkarian Sara Apkarian Hripsime Apkarian Mariam Kouyoumjian was taken by 
the Turks in April 1915 and never seen again. Her daughter was orphaned as an 11 year old, but she was rescued by the Near East Relief Foundation, an unprecedented humanitarian effort undertaken by the U.S. Government and concerned Americans with support worldwide. 
Guiragos Kojakian Hagopjan Kojakian Levon Kojakian Harutiun Ansurian Artashes Solakian Hovhaness Kussajukian Hagopig Kussajukian Maria Kussajukian Makrouhi Kussajukian 
Anoush Sarmanian Anna Sarmanian Yurapet Karapetyan Ephrem Karapetyan Hamparsum Borzakian Aghajan Tepoyan Haiganoush Kilerciyan Yeranig Alexanyan Artin DerSimonian Rebecca DerSimonian Hovnan Doursounian Shoushan Doursounian Simon DerSimonian Nargiz DerSimonian Avedis Kevorkian Hampartsoom Belejian Roupen Racoubian Sarkis Gureghian Aram Demerjian Michael Frengulian Kevork Dashebeukian Nishan Avedikian Toros Kurkjian Senecherin Kalionjian Tomas Khanzedian Mihran Chamian Mergerios Tashjian Antranig Beshgeturian Yervant Gabashian 
Barour Kapigian Yervant Frengulian Musbeg Demirjian Kaprial Chordikian Serop Srabian Movses Avedikian Mourad Abrahamian Siran Khachigian Souren Yavruian Levon Gevorgian Garabed Tahmizian Magaros Dabanian Khoren Tossounian Charles Atamian 
Rose Atamian Varduhi Hayzavakyan Grikor Xazaryan Trtat Podrumyan Abraham Ashikyan Mariam Ashikyan Sahak Ashikyan Manuk Ashikyan Sarah Ashikyan Haykuhi Ashikyan Heripsime Ashikyan Gevorg Ashikyan Hovannes Knajian was a wellknown 
and respected doctor. Turkish soldiers came to his door at 3 a.m. and told him his help was needed for a 9yearold girl. He went with them and was never seen again. 
Byuzant Ashikyan Harutyun Arabyan Abraham Arabyan Karapet Arabyan Shnavon Arabyan Setrak Arabyan Merkset Arabyan Haji Arabyan Lucine Arabyan Yervand Arabyan Mariam Arabyan Sargis Hambartsumyan Hambar Djxalyan Arak Djxalyan Manor Djxalyan Hagop Gulyunyan Gulyustan Gulyunyan Gabriel Gulyunyan Avetis Gulyunyan Zakar Gulyunyan 
Ossana Kalajian Penyamin Vartivarian Marta Kehyaian Avedis Vosbikian Haroutoun Tcholakian Mariam Tcholakian Krikor Dakessian Dirouhi Dakessian Maritza Achihsian Araxi Barsamian Donik Chilingirian Yuhaper Chilingirian Ovanes Chilingirian Hazaros Bandoian Harutyun Minasyan Iskuhi Minasyan Reverend Father Nerces Nercesian Yeretsgin Alpesa Der Nercesian Haroutun Haroutunian Luso Melkonyan Sanam Melkonyan Levon Hakhoyan Mavo Hakhoyan 
Sedrak Avedissyan Zumrogh Mikaelian Dikran Mekhtarentz Afram Hadouband Kegham Mardikian Megerdich Saroyan Harutyun Parlakyan Hagob Simonian Thaguhi Ashchyan Gohar Parlakyan Manouk Pahlevan Keoseyan Martiros Keoseyan Onnig Khachaduryan Knel Tourajikian Sirarpy Tourajikian Arusiag Tourajikian Papken Tourajikian Levon Tourajikian Hermig Tourajikian Ossanna Basmajian Mihran Barzakyan Anna Barzagyan Awanes Kramian Aslan Kadoyan Tatos Kadoyan Harry Dalalian Aram Chamkertian Garabet Chobanian Serpouhi Adjemian Momjian Kalousd Daghlarian Serob Qosyan Hossep Melkisetian Khatchig Doudaklian Avedis Mikaelian Mesrob Der Mesrobian was burned 
alive in his church with his wife and his daughter. 
Yeva Kevorkian Stepan Khachigian Garabeth Havoudjian Sima Havoudjian Sarkis Mahseredjian 
Nishan Mahakian Hagop Donikian Garabed Daghlarian Armenag Bilezikjian Hovhaness Khrlakian Eugenie Daghlarian Macrouhie Lepejian Azniv Lepejian Mirzo Melkon Kalostyan Hagop Alemian Hovhannes Alemian Manoug Kelerjian Hovanes Derstepanian Balasan Elbakyan Sahak Elbakyan Anush Elbakyan Tokhman Hagop Sirvart Tufenjioglu Ovsanna Jamgotsian Hovsep Chatoian Kaspar Jamgotsian Setrag Sahakian Kevork Roumian Nigoghos Tertsakian Marie Tertsakian Hovsep Vehuni Avedis Giragosian Garabed Sohigian Hampardzum Khanamerian Mariam Tatoian Panos Cobanoglu Kohar Cobanoglu Panos Arslanoglu Margrit Arslanoglu Neshan Stepanian Marie Mesrobian Kalpakian 
Sarkis Postallian Mary Postallian Turfanda Minasian Marian Minasian Minas Minasian Zaruhi Artin Nidelian Tanzouf Artin Nidilian Azaduhi Artin Nidelian 
Apraham Koumruian Khatchik Khacherian Haiguhi Hagopian Yetvart Jamgochian was 4 years old. 
He was with his sisters, hiding from shelling outside his village, when they were found by Turkish soldiers. They cut a cross into his face, and they killed him. 
Eghiazar Melkonian Sarkis Melikyan Garabed Kulhanjian Margaret Baronian Hovaness Baronian Marta Bilazarian Sarkis Bilazarian Bedros Der Sarkisian Bedros Papazian Haroutioune Aydabirian Gabriel Handjian Hagop Kouyoumdjian Kevork Keshishian Mariam Keshishian Sarkis Ourfalian Nevart Ourfalian Salome Proodian Raffi Proodian Vartkes Proodian Khatoon Proodian Mugurditch Gulazian Marderous Dadourian Dr. Onnig Mardirossian Artin DerAzarian Vartuhi DerAzarian Sarkis Samsatlian Kevork Samsatlian Kevork Adiyamanian Vartivar Kourouyan Mariam Kourouyan Sarkis Dadoyan Tamar Gulbankian Zakary Mooradian Antranig Agopian Andreas Kelekian Armenak Malkhasyan Vartouhi Topian Ardashes Topian Hovannes Topian Aristakes Topian Madiam Topian Nazanee Topian Mariam Topian Mikael Topian Arshalouis Topian Mary Vezirian Hagop Havatian Taniel Muftikian Krikor Muftikian Zacharia Melkonian Shookry Grigoryan Vartouhi Chakmanian Armenouhi Toutikian was 7 years 
old. She died of dehydration and hunger on a march through the desert. Her father had to leave her body there in the sand. 
Vartanush Krikorian Araksi Krikorian Sarkis Muradian Aris Krikorian Hakop Alemian Manouk Keshishian Agapi Dardakhanian Columbus Keshishian Arakel Boghossian Takvor Andonian Siragan Andonian Filor Atanesyan Parsegh Gumushian Haroutiun Gumushian Veronica Gumushian Haroutioun Andonian Garabed Soovajian Sisag Arpajian Misak Arpajian Krikor Orchanian Anna Khouljanian Harutyun Pogosyan Pogos SahakyanMirzayan Eva Kevorkian Garabed Kevorkian Hovanes Aprahamian Ashod Nishanian Manvel Manukian Khachig Khanzetian Haroutyoon Bronozian Mariam Zeibari Boghos Avedian Nazenik Avedian Knarig Avedian Shoushanig Avedian Hagop Jomlekian Azniv Jomlekian Onnig Jomlekian Aghavni Jomlekian Megerditch Ayvazian 
Markar Der Hovanesian Hamparsoum Garabed Shehranian Nishan Atamian Nazaret DerTavitian Zarouhi Andonian Khachadour Paloulian Sahag (Hagopian) Chakheian Hagop (Avedissian) Chakheyan Chakhe (Avedissian) Chakheyan Serop Dzeroon Kizirian Sarkis Amirkhanian was thrown into 
a well with his family and burned alive. The only survivor was his 13yearold brother, who would recall unto his death many years later the smell of smoke. 
Arpineh Kizirian Avedis Kabaklian Paylak Sarkisiants Aramig Kitabjian Siranush Kitabgian Garabed Kitabjian Setrak Kitabjian Mariam TerMkrtchyan Movses Abajian Alexan Keishian Sahag Momdjian Beatrice Momdjian Garabed Momdjian Armenag Momdjian Joe Kahraman Zaghig Seradarian Megerdich Seradarian Ohan Ohanian Sirpouhi Ohanian Sarkiss Mushetsi Baloian Smbat Sargisi Sargsyan Hranoosh Nalbandian Berberian 
Asatur Soghomonian Martiros and Aghavni Kotikian Armenak Bahadorian Hovannes Ananian Nazareth Boujoulian Harutiun Ansurian Artashes Solakhian Igit Nurbekyants Miriam Sarkissian Margarita Kaphian Siroun Jilizian Serop Jilizian Minas Jilizian Khatoun Jilizian 
Hampartsum Torian Hagop Torian Dikran Torian Dikran Dikranian Araxi Dikranian 
Abraham Dikranian Vartuhi Dikranian Ohanes Ohanian Mihran Mozian Haygazouhi Mozian Juhar Ohanian Juhar Ohanian Hambarcum Chekichyan Andranik Chekichyan Hakop Chekichyan Mariam Mardayan Khachadour Vartanian Zabelle Vartanian Karabet Garsevanian Simon Garsevanian Sima Pamboukian Shukri Pamboukian Gevork Chilian Margarit Pamboukian Zarouhie Mekjian Kevork Mekjian Kirakos Lazarian Pambock Lazarian Haygaz Mitilian froze to his death on 
his father’s shoulders in a snowstorm as they fled during the French retreat from Marash in 1920. He was 8 years old. 
Garabed Baghamian Aram Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Tzaghig Baghamian Salpi Yengibaryan Mary Manuelian Sarkis Doudakian Asadour Najarian Terfanda Najarian Garabed Tashjian Hampartsoum Kenderian Takouhy Kenderian Mariam boghossian Hripsime Kechichian Sarkis Keshishian Haroutioun Kourbanjian Martiros Hovhannisyan Nemzur Koubandjian Grigor Mouradyan Sahag Karajaian Nemzur Karajaian Harutune Dadourian Hunazant Alexanian Hovaness Azatyan Mariam Azatyan Hakop Laxoyan Mari Laxoyan Aharon Piloyan 
Hagop Piloyan Khachadour Piloyan Hagop Kepenekian Zaruhy Chitjian Khatunagian Marinos Chitjian Mardiros Chitjian Vartouhi Chitjian Yeranouhi Chitjian Nishan Chitjian Ludwig Madenlian Vergeen Madenlian Melkon Medzikian Elmasd Medzikian Hagop DerBedrossian Yester DerBedrossian Hambardzum Khulyan Karapet Khulyan Khachadoor Boyajian Ipek Momdjian Abraham Hayrikyan Sahak Abrahamyan Zaruhi Abrahamyan Loosaper Balian Avedis Nahabedian Haig Nahabedian Haigouhi SareKechichian Vahram DerManuelian Chukajian Nurijan Mariam Moughamian Krikor Moughamian Hovhannes Keshishian Azniv Keshishian Galust Avetisian Andon Ahmaranian Vartouhi Sarajian Mariam Sarajian Mardiros Kachian Azatouhi Trdatyan was 3 years old. 
She was murdered, along with her parents, in front of her 13yearold brother. Her brother survived but would never forget the trauma. 
Mariam Trdatyan Anania Nalbandian Sema Nalbandian Nishan Totigian Makrouhi Totigian Sahag Karajaian Nemzur Koubandjian Haroutioun Kourbanjian Yeghishe Bargamian Jirair Bargamian Agavni Norigian Kohar Jokhajian Zartoohie Karapiloian Nshan DerBedrossian Yeghisapet DerBedrossian Aghajan DerBedrossian Krikor DerBedrossian Khanem DerBedrossian Mariam DerBedrossian Kevork DerBedrossian Kayane DerBedrossian Azniv DerBedrossian Dickran Akmakjian Maghak DerBedrossian Hovsep DerBedrossian Elise DerBedrossian Zarouhi DerBedrossian Noyemzar DerBedrossian Vartouhi DerBedrossian Aram Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Ara Aroian Tzaghig Baghamian 
Sylva Roubinian Armenag Hokhikian Martiros Mirakhorian Zaghik Mardirosian Andranik Tsarukyan Margret Saroyan Hovsep Saroyan Akchan Mkhitarian Grigor Mkhitarian Nahabit Epikian Yeghisabet Demirdjian Haroution Demirdjian Khachadour Cholakian Mariam Agajanian Hagop Der Nikoghosian Der Ashot Avedian Dikran Khanjian Armenag Diradourian Garabed Kenoian Moushegh Boyajian Easaya Kenoian Elizabeth Boyajian Kenoian Peter Boyajian Garabed Baghamian Sarkis Elmassian Tzagheeg Baghamian Adam Baghamian Vahan Baghamian Mugerditch Ohnikian Malaka Soghomonian died from a 
forced march through the Der Zor Desert while she was pregnant. She left behind four living children, the oldest of whom was only 9. 
Aghavnee Ohnikian Haratyun Ohnikian Ludwig Ohnikian Hovsep Ohnikian Annig Ohnikian Mardig Kebabjian Avedis Mardiros Gertmenian Miriam Gertmenian Rejabian Toros Chaglassian Jivan Dedian 
Armenag Baghdassarian Kevork Aslanian Nvard TerStepanyan Tzaghig Baghamian Manush Pananian Taguhi Doganyan Hayrapet Doganyan Hakop Karoyan Petros Keheyan Nazeli Keheyan Abraham Hairbedian Khanem DerTavitian Levon Hissarian Myram Kazarian Siranoush Arakelian Kazar Arakelian Armenag Metchikian Garabed Varjabedian Boghos Asharjian Boghos Asharjian Mena Ashajian Barkev Asharjian Dikran Asharjian Vartan Demoorjian Aharon Der Melkon Nazley Sarookeshian Fedan Shokeyian Krikor Shalelengian Manoog Shokeyian Sarkis Sarookeshishian Markarid Ounanian Shalelengian Osgehan Shalelengian Sirma Shalalengian Avedis Shalelengian 
Bedros Tekian Krikor Dulgarian Pilbos Der Avedisian Anahid Oundjian Vardui Gasparian Yeghiasar Yaylayian Hagop Yaylayian Vosgan Topalian Antranig Hayrabed Maritza Onnigian Nerses Shabaglian Maritza Onnigian Lucie Ayvazian Takouhi khardalian Sarkis Mavilian Nunia Mavilian Nazely Sarookeshian Fedan Shokeyian Levon Hissarian Zarouhi Tchekrekhjian Nazaret Magarian Zarouhi Magarian Rahel Demirjian Raffael DerTovmasyan Levon Aharonian Aharon Aharonian Altoon Aharonian Haygaz Simonian Hagop Beloian Hagop Beloian Yetvart Jamgochian Vergeen Tashjian Verone Bedrosian Smbat Byurat DerGhazarian Zumgroot DerGhazarian Zartar Arakelian Maryam Kazarian Hovanness Yeretzian Marian Shekerdemian Vartan Yeretzian 
Kevork Vichabian Simon Simonyan Zmrookht Simonyan Mariam Simonyan Haroutyun Papazian Zakaria Minassian Garabed Jingozian Zakaria Minassian Krikor Papazian Baghdassar Karibian Mary MeuguerditchianApelian Zakar Ovoian Hambardzum Khulyan Suren Hakobyan Azatuhi Hakobyan Vostan Baghallian Simon Hovhannesi Achikgiozian Hripsime Aghvinian Hovhanes Aghvinian Ester Maghakian Boghos Maghakian Maghak Maghakian Mkhoyan Asatur Hripsime Maghakian Srpuhi Mkrtchyan Assadour Assadourian Yeva Hovhannessian Ghazaros Medzoian Sargsian Tigran Loosatsin Medzoian Araxi Fundukian Zaven Fundukian Mariam Aroushian Sarkis Aroushian Gadarine Fundukian Anahid Fundukian Elmast Medzigian Khachig Fundukian 
Hagop Fundukian Khassig Fundukian Eva Fundukian Melkon Medzigian Ludwig Medzigian Verjin Medzigian Ara Medzigian Hovannes Altibarmakian Horop Anoushian Zakaryan Nerses Grigor Zohrap Movses Deirmendjian Hovaness Toutikian Maritsa Kyulehyan Tadevos Karapetyan Khatchador Boyajian Shimavon Donoyan Anna Donoyan Avedis Chaparian Sirak Keshishian Mardiros Toutikian Abraham Toutikian Hovannes Knajian Armenouhi Toutikian Harout Knajian Lucya Knajian Christeen Ter Stepanian Avak Mouradian Papken Toumaian Hagop Kalbakian Aram Jermakyan Garabed Kaloustian Sarkis Dadoyan Elisabeth Partamian Nazareth Partamian Ovsanna Kayayan Marna Banerian Onnig Khachigian Elmonig Khachigian Onnig Khachaturian 
Stepan Khachigian Elize Avakian Zabel Avakian Arousiag Avakian Setrag Avakian Mgrditch Tashjian Boghos Mkhitarian Iskouhi Gabrielian Aregnaz Markaryan Missak Mozian Haroutyun Sarkissian Santoukht Mozian Ansoorian Mikael Ansoorian Yeghia Sarkissian Khazaros Charchian Mihran Berberian Haganoush Tarpinian Megerdich Sarafian George Chelabian Hakop TerSaakyan Tatos Moloian Mikael Khachetoorian Hamparsoum Borzakian Mesrob Der Mesrobian Marta Avakian Karnig Tomassian Gayane Kazarian Dikran Kazarian Ararat Kazarian Shoushanig Donegian Haroutune Oknayan Hagop Parsaghian Niko Zakarian Mariam Kouyoumjian Kevork Mardirossian Hripsime Mardirossian Kevork Mardirossian 
Khachik Oknayan Hagop Oknayan Mihran Oknayan Manuk Oknayan Asvadzadour Oknayan Marie Oknayan Mousheg Khodjhumyan Jovannes Kabbendjian Krakow Ouzounian Edward Bozajian Manouk Gasparian Gazaros Tombulyan Sarkis Gasparian Ibrahim Louseian Ann Gasparian Ibrahim Lousean Davit Gezalian Yegisabet Gezalian Hrand Mikoyan Minas Chatalian Mariam Chatalian Yestare Bedrossian Rosa Jeboghlian Marie Balian Mikael Tarkanian Alton Derderian Esksa. Derderian Mihran Tarkanian Vartan Dakessian Levon Guevoghlanian Boghos Grikorian Hovanes Minasyan Gevorg Minasyan Matevos Matilyan Simon Kelian Hovannes Terterian Haji Teyrekian Ahavni Biricikyan Avetis Martirosyan Ocean Movsesian 
Krikor Gureghian Paul DerBoghosian Sahag DerBoghosian Tigran Trchunyan Tirhouhi KaraSarkissian Gevork KaraSarkissian Armen KaraSarkissian Aram KaraSarkissian Alexan Tavitian Armine Pagoumian Vartan Balikian Margaret Madoian Miriam Madoian Hatchig Madoian Pusant Madoian Maghta Gevorgian Barsegh Karapetyan Osanna Madoian Atoyan MariaMagdalena Stepan Arvanyan Haroutune Bozghourdian Ghazaros Baldjian Sanasar Hovhannisyan Eriya Amirian Armenag Zeytounsian Toros Agha Chaghlassian Hovsep Najarian Stephen Minasian Haykandukht Mheryan Hagop Melkonian Christaphor Mheryhan Nerses Mheryhan Serop Manjikian Sarkis Kurkdjian Senior Tigran Zarookian Zarouhi Alachanian Mardiros Djambazian Anahid Der Parseghian 
Zaruhi Caroglanian Asadour Daldabanian Krikor Daldabanian Arshagul Artinian Krikor Artinian Vaxho Simonyan Haroutyun Tatikyan Kurken Parseghian Mihran Sabonjian Vahan Kazezian Mariam Kazezian Yebrakseh Kazezian Krikor Sabonjian Nazar Guyujyan Razmik Palandjyan Mari Guyujyan Krikor Gokpanossian Panos Trashian Goar Akopova Anoush Kulafian Vartouhy Kulafian Ohannes Hagopian Hagop Hagopian Jirair Demirjian Suqias Nuroyan Matevos Sachyan Hnazand Sachyan Samson Khachatryan Mariam Khachatryan Asadur Arabyan Arax Arabyan Zvart Kureghian Deradour Harmandayan Kveh Gasparian Gohar Kirakosian Vasilika Kirakosyan Zabel Kirakosian Karapet Gasparian Mariam Yeritsyan Arakel Arakelyan 
Makartich TerHakopian Nicholas Chavshudian Mary Chavshudian Avedis Kilisian Mari Shirinian Arsen Pashgian Haiganoush Mandjikian Krikor Kaakedjian Gadar Chaparian Takouhi Baghoyan Ani Hidirsah Haygaz Baghoyan Parsegh Baghoyan Hagop Zilifian Helen Manoyan Boghos Manoyan Krikor Zilifian Jovannes Kabbendjian Vahan Hakobyan Haykaz Sarkissyan Lucia Baghdasaryan Sara Galtakian Arutyun Gelejian Tagvor Dadurian Araxsi Dadurian Alina Dadurian Hmiyak Dadurian Nishan Chaderjian Nishan Chaderjian Maritza Chaderjian Martha Margosian Gulenia Havounjian Tonapet Yeritsyan Hovsep Sarkissian Armenuhi Balian Vahram Ghiragossian Hagop Kouyoumdjian Mary Kouyoumdjian 
Vartivar Berberian Yaghsapet Berberian Hagop Pessayan Mary Pessayan Armen Dedeyan Simon Terzian Satenik Lusparyan Hripsime Lusparyan Artavazd Tumanyan Nikolaj Safrazbekyan Levon Safrazbekyan Rebecca Margossian Toros Margossianmy Sarkis Panpalian Vartan Vartanian Hanna Gulian Haroutioun Kapralian Ana Kapralian Flore Kapralian Baghdassar Avedikian Ohaness Aslanian Isgouhi Zhamgochian Derounian Hagop Terzian Nishan Chaderjian Maritza Chaderjian Hagop Chaparian Artin Chaparian Hampartsoum Piligian Hovaness Piligian Haroutune Piligian Pilig Piligian Kevork Chaparian Movses Kavarian Megerdich Kavarian Khatoon Kavarian Joseph Hanna Danho Kavarian Hagop Kradjian Deekran Kradjian Nazaret Oglou 
Dikran Svazlian Hagop Bodoorian Garabed Chilingirian Toukhman Zoroghlian Touma Zoroghlian Garabed Zoroghlian Hovhanness Zoroghlian Loucine Zoroghlian Garabed Zoroghlian Nshan TerSaakyan Hovhannes Tngozian Karapet Grigoryan Parantzem Garavanian Abkar Badalian Karapet Grigoryan Parantzem Garavanian Abkar Badalian Jeyran Badalian Manuk Hamamchyan Sarhad Kocharian John Hovig Yeressian Kerop Tsaxikyan Tatos Ghazazian Yervand Urghatbashian Margaret Urghatbashian Caspar Mardirossian Sinam Yeranosian Hovakim Ahramjian Beghekia Ahramjian Arsen Avedikian Acabi Avedikian Zarmandought Ahramjian Yevkine ´Ahramjian 
Dr. Ovsia Hekimian Tavit Tavitian Antaram Hovanesian Sarkis Hovanesian Galust Jermakyan Hamardzum Jermakyan Vrej Jermakyan Toros Jermakyan Mania Jermakyan Levon Jermakyan Aram Jermakyan Siranush Alexanian Grigo Alexanian Maqruhi Alexanian Maqruhi Alexanian Avak DerAvakian Hana Soghomonian Malaka Soghomonian Isahak Ekshian Mariam Ekshian Arsen Kostanyan Yegish Grigoryan Kriikor Shahinian Khanum Nalbanian Shahinian Anna Garabedian Airapet Tumanyan Lucine Maghakian Adanalian Stepan Boyajian Stepan Boyajian Hossep Melkisetian Parse ´gh Shahbaz 
Mardiros H. Koondakjian Krikor Armooni Boghos Tanielian Megerdich Garabe ´dian 
Apraham Hayrigian Levon Aghababian Kevork Terjimanian Dikran Ashkharooni Kevork Diratsooyan Mihrtad Haygazn Rosdom Rosdomian Vramshabooh Samuelian Arshag Khazkhazian Mrgrrdich Sdepanian Levon Shashian Paroonag Feroukhan Onnig Maghazajian Teodor Mendzigian Varteres Atanasian 
Apig Jambaz Vahram Altoonian Yerchanig Aram Nerses D. Kevorkian Onnig Srabian Partogh Zorian Akrig Kerestejian Melkon Piosian Pilibbos Chilinguirian Haroutiun Konialian Vahan Jamjian Haroutiun Kalfaian Hovhannes Kelejian Sdepan Kurkjian Dikran Sarkisian Barooyr Arzoomanian Haig Derderian Mirijan Artinian Hampartsum Balasan Vahan Kehiaian Ardashes Ferahian Artin Meserlian Armenag Arakelian Mihran Pasdu ˆrmajian 
Neshan Nahabedian Yeghia Suzigian Bedros Kurdian Diran Yerganian Asadoor Madteosian Yervant Chavooshian Hagop Shahbaz Sarkis Kaligian Garabed Reyisian Kevork Kopooshian Krikor Ohnigian Aram Ohnigian Karekin Ohnigian Hovhannes Keoleian Dikran Baghdigian Hovhannes Cheogurian 
Kegham Vanigian Yervant Topoozian Roupen Garabedian Hovhannes Der Ghazarian Tovmas Tovmasian Hagop Basmajian Moorad Zakarian Megerdich Yeretsian Karekin Boghosian Armenag Hampartsoumian Yeremia Manoogian Apraham Mooradian Minas Keshishian Suˆmpad Ku ˆluˆjian 
Karnig Boyajian Herand Yegavian Boghos Boghosian Herand Aghajanian Garabed Patoogian Khoren Khorenian Amasiatsi Krikor Kayian Vramian Onnig Tertsagian Ardashes Solakian A. Proodian Garabed Dantlian Haygag Yeremishian Tuˆlgadintsi 
Prof. Garabed Soghigian Prof. Megerdich Vorperian Prof. Hovhannes Boujikanian Prof. Nigoghos Tenekejian Prof. Khachadour Nahigian Prof. Donabed Lulejian Jirair Hagopian Hovhannes Dingilian Hovhannes Aghanigian 
Armen Onanian Hovsep Malemezian Kegham Samuelian Kapriel Tanielian Karnig Gosdanian Hagop Dinjian Armen Hovagimian Asadour Jamgochian 
Hovhannes Zartarian Kevork Keleshian Hagop Shoushanian Setrag Dulgerian Aram Dabaghian Haroutiun Semerjian Sarkis Eljanian Mihran Isbirian Senekerim Kalyonjian Moorad Derderian Garabed Barsamian Karnig Toughlajian Manuel Dedeian Levon Kantarian Aram Hagopian Khachadour Grdodian Michael Frengulian Roupen Rakoubian Hampartsoom Blejian Vahan Husisian Nazaret Husisian Hemayag Karageozian Israel Ozanian Dajad Chebookjian Levon Karageozian Hmayag Margosian Hmaiag Karibian Ardashig Boornazian Hagop Boornazian Arshag Kizirian Hovhannes Boghosian Antranig Bozajian Aram Adrouni Aram Shesheian Huˆrach Loosparonian 
Megerdich Asdourian Tsitoghtsi Setrag Varjabed Partogh Odabashian Kaloosd Garabedian Vahan Kasbarian This evening I have had only 1 hour 
1,000 hours, if I could, to speak the names of all 1.5 million Armenian men, women, and children who were lost. In their memory, we think of those who went before. We cherish their memory, and we have the courage to speak aloud that they perished in the first genocide of the last century. We will never forget, and we will never succumb to the coercion of complicity in silence on genocide. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the 
want to commend my friend from California (Mr. SCHIFF ) for what he is 
doing. I think it is a very noble thing to do when people are killed. Whether you want to call it a genocide or not, I just appreciate very much my friend ADAM SCHIFF calling those names and 
giving them recognition after the hell on Earth they went through. It was a very noble endeavor. 
to talk about is the socalled deal that the administration is trying in every way they can to get Iran to even just say that they are okay with. Unfortunately, the Iranians have been dragging this out for years now. I read that Valerie Jarrett had been talking before with the Iranians before the deal—the negotiations, at least—ever surfaced. And we have reports that there was an informal negotiation taking place. It was denied back originally, and it turns out there were negotiations. 
ally, our friends in Israel, the people that are actually our forward observers out there in the middle of the chaotic Middle East that this administration has helped make more chaotic—they are out there, and they are kind of like, as some people have referred to them, the miner’s canary. When they are under attack, when they are struggling because of other countries, then we can anticipate the United States will be shortly behind it. 
Street Journal dated April 17, entitled, ‘‘U.S. Suggests Compromise on Iran Sanctions,’’ the byline, ‘‘President Obama said Tehran could receive significant economic relief immediately after concluding a deal to curb its nuclear program.’’ 
using the word ‘‘curb’’ their nuclear deal. At one time, it was to ‘‘dismantle’’ their nuclear efforts. At one time, it was going to be totally unacceptable for Iran—probably the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world. Certainly they have supported plenty of terrorism that has killed Americans. They have built and used and furnished IEDs that have killed and maimed so many thousands of Americans. But now we are down, at this point, to just curbing. If we can just curb them, apparently that will be satisfactory. 
agreement was announced, we had the leaders of Iran saying, We didn’t agree to any of that. 
Now having been a former judge, having tried no telling how many cases, I know that if you have one side saying ‘‘we have an agreement’’ and the other side saying ‘‘we never agreed to anything,’’ and that is before any of the terms of the agreement are ever undertaken by either side, then you don’t have an agreement. They teach you it is basic contracts. 
concentrating on the Constitution, but the fact is, under contract law, one of 
the contract 101 things they teach you is, you have to have a mutual meeting of the minds. If one side says, ‘‘We haven’t agreed to anything,’’ and you don’t have a document they signed, and you don’t have a tape recording even of them saying, ‘‘Yes, we agree to those things,’’ you don’t have a deal. You don’t have an agreement. There is absolutely nothing enforceable. And the interesting thing about international law is, basically, if the most powerful country in the world is not willing to enforce something that it says is an agreement, then it doesn’t matter whether you have got an agreement or not. 
a semester at Baylor Law School, a visiting dean of a Japanese law school who taught an international law course that I took. I did as well as you can do in that course. Our professor, the visiting dean, was such a brilliant guy. I did a paper on law of the sea and did very well with that. 
I loved to sit down and visit with the 
dean from Japan. After the conclusion of the course, I had my grade. I said: You know, Dean, I hope this is not inappropriate to say; but having taken your course, having studied diligently for your course, it seems to me that the bottom line with international law is that, really, international law is whatever the biggest, most powerful country says it is, if they are willing to use their power. And the dean said; Well, Mr. GOHMERT , you did learn 
something in my course. Yes, you have got it. 
willing to stand behind a deal and force another country to abide by the deal, you don’t have a deal. You might as well not even have a written agreement in international law if somebody is not willing to enforce it. 
act of war, if you would attack an embassy, then for purposes of most people’s international law, you have committed an act of war. That embassy is considered to be sovereign. If you attack that embassy, you have attacked that country—it is an act of war— which is what happened in 1979 in a place called Tehran, Iran. 
Benning at the time, so we obviously were paying close attention to an act of war against the United States. I think most people at Benning were put on alert, but nothing happened. 
the United States, but our failure to do anything but basically beg the Iranians to let our hostages come home was deemed as weakness and, as I understand, still is used from time to time today as part of the recruiting effort to show that Americans have no backbone. They are not going to stand up to radical Islamists. Radical Islamists can have their will because America is a toothless tiger, unwilling to enforce anything. Oh, sure. Somebody, to want to look 
tough, may send a boat to tag along behind a convoy, and we may send planes to blow up a tent or, like President Clinton did, blow up a camel from time to time. It seemed like there may have been an aspirin factory or something. Maybe there was something more serious, but that is not shock and awe, as we have shown some places before. 
course they use the toothless, feckless United States examples. Like after the USS Cole, I had a servicemember that 
told me recently he was there and they couldn’t believe that anybody could attack a United States naval ship and basically we don’t do anything. 
Reagan administration that one of President Reagan’s great regrets was after, I think it was, probably Iran behind the bombing of the Marine barracks in Beirut where we lost about 300 precious Marine lives, Congress made clear we are not funding anything else, and we pulled out. Another recruiting tool for radical Islamists. 
under such a great American President as Ronald Reagan, going back to 1979 when radical Islam first committed an act of war against the United States, that was in response to President Carter—at least, it followed his pronouncement that the Ayatollah Khomeini was a man of peace. They hit our Embassy. 
the college students attacked. The college students have the hostages. And it seemed to me, as a member of the United States Army watching the news carefully from Fort Benning, that it seemed like they kept saying, you know, the students have the hostages. And I kept thinking if President Carter will just say: Okay. The students have the hostages. Then you get them back to us within 48 hours or even 72 hours; otherwise, you are going to see the entire power of the United States military coming at Iran. And heaven help you, if you harm our hostages at all, we may just wipe Tehran off the map if you do, and you as part of it. 
release the hostages and say: See? See? The students had them. We talked them into releasing them. 
that the Carter administration was not going to use the U.S. power and that all it was going to do was basically beg for the hostages to be released until they scaled back an effort to rescue the hostages that ended up being inadequate because the Carter administration didn’t authorize enough helicopters. They needed six. General Boykin confirmed what I was told at Fort Benning, that they needed six to get to the staging area, crossing 500 miles or so of desert. Their helicopters had turbine engines. They expected that they might lose as many as 50 percent of their choppers. But they had to have six get to the staging area, meet the C–130 there and the other aircraft 
allow enough helicopters so they could get there with six. They got there with five. And as General Boykin confirmed what I had heard before, when they got there with five, then they had to abort because they had to have a minimum of six to make it work. Perhaps the helicopter pilot got disoriented. The chopper leaned, the blades went through the C–130, and the people on the C–130 and the helicopter were killed. 
But it goes back to having a Commander in Chief that is not willing to do everything he can to use our power to save American lives and to send a message around the world: Don’t mess with the United States. Don’t mess with our Embassy. Don’t mess with our Embassy workers, because if you do, there will be a powerful price to pay. 
was: We got the power, but we don’t have the backbone to use it. And that is being carried out. Of course, President Reagan used American power to send a message. President George H. W. Bush, after Kuwait was invaded by Iraq—I love the fact, as a former military member, that President George H. W. Bush was a former military member, and instead of trying to micromanage the freeing of Kuwait, instead of micromanaging, President Bush told the military leaders that the goal is to liberate Kuwait; you tell me what we’ve got to do. They told him how many people we would need in theater before we attack. You hit them hard with bombing, loosen them up, and the mission went incredibly well until Democrats in Congress started yelling, in essence, figuratively speaking, that President Bush needed to stop, stop, stop. Many in the media, stop, stop, stop, they are not fighting, they can’t stand up against us, oh, please stop, you are being too brutal. 
left, was persuaded not to go all the way to Baghdad at that time. Then later he was beat up by the left in 1992 for not going ahead and taking out Saddam when he had the chance. 
Mr. Speaker, I go through that history so we understand where we stand historically with radical Islam in the Middle East. They don’t see us with the kind of fear that they should. 
Street Journal, dated April 27, by Carol E. Lee and Jay Solomon, says: 
on Friday that Iran could receive significant economic relief immediately after concluding a deal to curb its nuclear program, a gesture towards one of Tehran’s key demands.’’ 
It is really great. Tehran makes demands, the President follows right in line, and Secretary Kerry follows right in line as if he is going to be throwing 
medals over the White House fence that belonged to somebody else. It is great. They just follow right in line. Okay, Iran, please, we beg you. Do a deal with us. At least come out and announce with us we have a deal, and we will do anything you want. 
only to the radical Islamists of the world. It sure seems that they have our President wrapped around their little finger and that they can get anything they want. 
think after the Taliban in Afghanistan was begged by the Obama administration to, gee, just sit down with us, we will buy you wonderful offices in Qatar, and we will give you international prominence. Heck, if you sit down, we will let murderers go of your Taliban leaders. Just sit down with us. That is all we are asking. 
gets around. They understand who they are dealing with. 
‘‘The Obama administration estimates Iran has between $100 billion and $140 billion of its oil revenue frozen in offshore accounts as a result of sanctions. U.S. officials said they expect Tehran to gain access to these funds in phases as part of a final deal. Iran could receive somewhere between $30 billion and $50 billion upon signing the agreement, said congressional officials briefed by the administration.’’ 
Wall Street Journal. Then 2 days later, April 19, in an article by Jennifer Rubin, it says: ‘‘Washington Post: Obama is prepared to give anything and everything for a deal.’’ Then it goes on to say: 
framework, Secretary of State John F. Kerry reaffirmed that the United States would insist on phasedin sanctions relief. Iran’s Ayatollah Khamenei publicly rebuked that suggestion and declared he would insist on sanctions relief up front. On Friday, the President cleared up matters by hanging Kerry out to dry, pulling the rug out from under his dwindling band of supporters and telling the world that phased negotiations were up for grabs. 
‘‘The President declared: ‘‘With respect to the issue of sanctions coming down—I don’t want to get out ahead of John Kerry and my negotiators in terms of how to craft this. I would just make a general observation and that is that how sanctions are lessened, how we snap back sanctions if there’s a violation—there are a lot of different mechanisms and ways to do that. Part of John’s job and part of the Iranian negotiators’ job and part of the P5+1’s job is to sometimes find formulas that get to our main concerns while allowing the other side to make a presentation to their body politic that is more acceptable.’’ 
So going down the article, it said: ‘‘This is a dramatic change in the administration’s position and a foolish one. We know, as former Secretaries of State Henry Kissinger and George P. Schultz have warned, snapback sanctions are cumbersome and hugely ineffective. Sanctions once lifted are enormously difficult to reinstate after Western powers have commenced doing business. Inspections (not even of the go everywhere/anytime variety) are never foolproof and the parties contemplate a system designed for endless wrangling about whether violations have occurred. 
Street Journal reports: ‘The Obama administration estimates Iran has between $100 billion and $140 billion of its oil revenue frozen in offshore accounts as a result of sanctions’’’. . . ‘‘The monies of course will be instantly available to fund terrorist activities.’’ 
wouldn’t be President Obama saying that because apparently he hadn’t recognized that, but, okay. 
The article says: ‘‘That would be a huge boost to Iran’s 
economy, given up front and with no evidence of compliance. The monies of course will be instantly available to fund terrorist activities and Iranian surrogates in Yemen, Syria, and elsewhere. 
‘‘‘Obama is willing to grant Iran access to funds that equate to about 10 percent of its GDP’’’—Iran’s GDP— ‘‘‘just for signing a deal. That percentage boost is equivalent to a $1.7 trillion injection into the U.S. economy today (which is twice the dollar amount of the 2009 stimulus package).’’’ 
for its Army Day celebration on Saturday, when the regime showed off some of its weapons to slogans of ‘‘Death to America,’’ and ‘‘Death to Israel.’’’ He adds, ‘Equally dismaying was Obama’s minimization in the same press conference of Russia’s announcement to sell S–300 surfacetoair missile batteries to Iran, which will make a military strike against Iran’s nuclear facilities much harder. Perhaps Obama was trying to save face by this Russian move, and/or perhaps he no longer opposes the Russian sale because it will make it harder for Israel to spoil the nuclear deal through military action.’ 
amazement Friday night at U.S. President Barack Obama’s stated openness to Iran’s demand for the immediate lifting of all economic sanctions, and his defense of Russia’s agreement to supply a sophisticated air defense system to Iran,’ they should not be. The President will give the Iranians anything and everything to get his deal. ‘It’s deeply troubling that President Obama declined to publicly reject Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei’s demand that all economic sanctions against Iran be lifted upon concluding a final nuclear agreement,’ Senator 
President is clearly leaving open the door for significant sanctions relief to Iran up front to secure a controversial deal that will neither significantly nor permanently dismantle Iran’s vast capabilities to make nuclear weapons.’ 
the framework a ‘historic’ deal has been forced to concede there is no deal. Now he is signaling the final deal will be much worse than he or his defenders ever suggested was possible. He promised to dismantle Iran’s nuclear weapons program; now he is locking it in. He once insisted on robust inspections and gradual lifting of sanctions. Those will go by the wayside too. Ultimately, Congress, the 2016 Presidential candidates, our allies and the American people will need to explain that total appeasement—which is where this is leading—will not be acceptable. They will then have to devise the means for stopping Obama or immediately reversing his ‘diplomacy,’ which is more like promising to make a ransom payment. Unfortunately for the Saudis, that likely means beginning an arms race as they seek a bomb of their own. It will be quite a legacy if Obama gets his way.’’ 
policy in the Middle East and North Africa has created chaos. 
would not rule out giving Iran up to $50 billion as a socalled ‘signing bonus.’’’ . . . ‘‘Experts have said this multimillion dollar ‘signing bonus’ option, which was first reported by The Wall Street Journal, could be the largest cash infusion to a terrorbacking regime in recent memory.’’ 
us back to March 2 from The Blaze, where they report on President Obama saying Netanyahu has been wrong on Iran. And they have this quote in the article, and it quotes from Reuters, this is a quote from Obama, reported by Reuters: 
claims. This was going to be a terrible deal. This was going to result in Iran getting $50 billion worth of relief,’ Obama told Reuters in an interview Monday. ‘Iran would not abide by the agreement. None of that has come true.’’’ 
on April 22, and it turns out everything Prime Minister Netanyahu said has been true. So far, Mr. Speaker, everything that he has said that we have been able to get evidence on has been true. President Obama was wrong, Prime Minister Netanyahu was right, and knowing President Obama to be the big, courteous, and wonderful man he is, I am sure he will be sending an apology to Prime Minister Netanyahu very soon since he does owe him one. On March 2 he tells Reuters that Netanyahu was wrong on everything, 
and now just over a month later we find out he was right about everything. So I think that will be good news when the President admits to Israel they were right, I was wrong. 
that $50 billion that they may let Iran have access to after all the damage, all the Americans Iran has funded killing and maiming. We could use some of that money. Wow, $50 billion. 
from John Sexton, ‘‘Iran Says It Will Refuse Access to IAEA Inspectors Anywhere’ Nationwide.’’ 
agency has once again rejected calls to grant IAEA access to military sites, continuing a war of words on the issue that began Sunday.’’ 
President is putting the world in jeopardy. He is putting Israel in jeopardy. He is putting us in jeopardy. He is putting all of Israel’s neighbors in jeopardy. It is time he woke up and smelled the baklava. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia). Under the 
Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) for 30 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise this evening to report back to the Congress on the progress of the House Democratic Caucus’ newest group, Future Forum. 
Future Forum is made up of 14 Members of Congress who are going across the country to talk about issues facing young Americans. We launched just last Thursday. We have gone to New York, Boston, and San Francisco, and we are just warming up. 
young Americans about issues ranging from student loan debt, climate change, access to entrepreneurship, and anything that is on their mind or standing in their way of achieving their dreams, hopes, and aspirations. 
across America to tweet at me and to tweet at Future Forum under #futureforum, so that we can address your concerns right here on the House floor and across the country. 
York City. I was joined by Democratic Policy and Communications chair STEVE ISRAEL ; Congresswoman G RACE  
Cowork space in Manhattan in the Flatiron District. You see here in this photo, this was not just any rigid, stuffy townhall. We invited young entrepreneurs across Manhattan and 
asked them at District Cowork: What stands in your way from achieving your startup success? 
energetic entrepreneurs. They are ready to risk it all for their big idea. They are all millennials, aged anywhere from 18 to 35; and it was a very informal, fluid session. 
but it was very striking. For too many of them, when we asked, How many of you have student loan debt, their hands went up. For too many of them, when we asked, How much is your student loan debt, their hands stayed up when I said, Is it above $25,000 or $50,000 or $100,000? 
asked: What would you do with that money? What would you spend it on if you weren’t spending it every month on your student loan debt? 
they didn’t say: I would go on a vacation, or I would buy a new toy or a boat or have fun for myself. 
What do we know happens when entrepreneurs invest money in their companies? They create jobs. They create growth around their industries that put more and more Americans to work. 
at this visit, and what we learned was that student loan debt is a barrier—not just a barrier, it is a tall brick wall that is standing in the way of an entire generation realizing their entrepreneurial dreams. 
New York was not unique. In San Francisco, we went to Hive, and we visited their Impact Hub. Hive looked just like District Cowork. You have tall ceilings, nothing on the walls—they are barely painted—no carpet on the floor, just a building filled with a lot of energy, a lot of good ideas, but a lot of challenges standing in their way. 
just like other entrepreneurs across the country, they told us student loan debt is standing in their way. Forty one million young Americans have a collective amount of $1.3 trillion in student loan debt. 
their debt was not just standing in the way of them starting their own business, but we asked the room—and at this event, I was joined by Congressman RUBEN GALLEGO of the Phoenix 
the San Bernardino area in California and Congressman DEREK KILMER of the 
Tacoma, Washington, area—we asked the room, about 100 people: How many of you own a home? Crickets, dead silent. 
own a home? Most of their hands went up. 
not be able to ever own a home in your life? Again, these young people, full of energy, great ideas, great educations, their hands stayed up. 
way? The hundreds of dollars a month they are paying in student loan debt. 
of the American Dream, to have something to call your own, something that we fought during our independence as a country, that right for property, to chart your own course, have your own piece of land, now, an entire generation of millennial Americans, 80 million of them, have mounting student loan debt that is going to delay their ability to buy a home, that is going to delay their ability to start and have a family, that is going to delay their opportunity to chase their dreams. 
visited Chabot College in Hayward, California, in the 15th Congressional District, which I am proud to represent. At Chabot College, we assembled over 100 community college students, and we asked them: How much student debt do you think you will have by the time you take your first postcollege job? 
very, very bewildering. Most anticipated that they would have $25,000 to $50,000 in student loan debt. 
We used text polling, so we asked the students to text in their answers. We polled the group and said: Are you able to take a full load of courses so that you can get out of community college as fast as possible and move on to a 4 year university and move on into your career field? 
One student told us he worked three jobs. The jobs, they were all mostly the same. They weren’t jobs that were going to put them into the area of industry they would hope and aspire to be in. They were retail and restaurant jobs. 
identify with this. Congressman KILMER talked about washing dishes in 
talked about working as a restaurant server, and I harkened back to my days in this town in Washington, D.C., as an unpaid intern and working at Tortilla Coast at the end of the day to make it work. 
continues to go up. These students told us, during our Future Forum visit, that they are taking a number of odd jobs just to pay for the rising cost of community college. 
during the State of the Union in this very Chamber to offer free community college to anyone who was qualified and able and willing. The students were hopeful but not too optimistic. They see too many barriers and walls here in Washington to get anything done that could help them. We also asked the students to participate in a word cloud. A word cloud is you text in an answer, and, on the screen behind us, it put different words in response to different answers. We asked the students: What would you do if you didn’t have student debt every month? What would your payment money go to? 
buy a bunch of toys or go on a bunch of fancy vacations. They said that they would probably buy a car so they didn’t have to take the bus or take the BART to class; they would hope to buy their first home; they would invest—which would help the economy. 
Future Forum was also at San Francisco State University, and a young girl at San Francisco State University, as we talked about solutions we could offer to address rising tuition rates for current students and the debt burden that 41 million Americans carry, one San Francisco State student told us that she had a dual challenge in her house. 
education, make it by, not qualifying for many student loans, while her mother also had $200,000 of her own student debt. This is a family matter— this is a family matter—not just for that young San Francisco State student, but for millions of young people across the country. This debt is beginning to pile up and affect multiple generations. 
where we were hosted by Congressmen JOEKENNEDY and S ETH MOULTON . We 
visited Thermo Fisher Scientific, and we met with young scientists, people who invested in their own future by taking student loans and going to college and getting, in many cases, graduate degrees to work in the field of science, to work in the field of therapies and devices, hoping that they could play a critical role in helping people, making the world a better place. 
At Thermo Fisher, these young scientists told us exactly what we heard in San Francisco and in New York City. Their student loan debt weighs on them. It holds them down like an anchor. 
Fisher visit that we didn’t expect—because you have a room full of young entrepreneurs, young scientists, but there was a mother who showed up. She kind of confessed: Well, you know, I know this event was billed as a millennial event. 
daughter. Her daughter had gone to college, just as we had, as a society, told young people you have to do. Her daughter took out a number of student loans, and her daughter lives at home and can’t find a job. 
generation and what was expressed by this mother is that we are at risk of becoming a permanent boomerang generation. We go out, and we study, and we attain a degree or training or technical skills; but because of the rising costs of tuition and the debt that our generation is saddled with, we boomerang back home. This mother told us it doesn’t just weigh on her daughter, who has a college degree and is trying to find a job, but that it weighs on the entire household. 
our country with $1.3 trillion in student loan debt, imagine how many families are affected by this. These are typically your parents who are just starting to realize their golden years. 
They worked so hard; paid into Social Security; hopefully had a pension; and they want to retire, maybe travel, maybe take up a hobby, maybe join a local club; but their hopes and dreams—their golden retirements—are being affected by children who are returning to the home and need their support. We heard this all across America on this tour. This is a family matter, the student loan debt crisis in our country. 
went to Greentown Labs, a clean tech incubator I visited with Congressmen MOULTON and K ENNEDY in Somerville, 
loan debt, but we also were asked by a number of people at this event: What is standing in the way of fixing this problem? 
What do you think? From your perspective, what do you think is standing in the way? 
So many of them told us campaign finance laws—a smart, young crowd in Somerville at Greentown Labs—campaign finance laws, people in the audience told us—young entrepreneurs— and I thought they were just focused like a laser on their ideas and on raising money for their first and second rounds of funding and on trying to scale up and getting their ideas off the ground. No. These young people, they get it. 
They told us exactly what the problem was. Because of unlimited amounts of money that can be spent in elections today, there is less courage in the Congress to do big things, to tackle big problems, and to help a whole country of people who need it. 
Now, this was the first laboratory we had visited on the tour, and we had met with a number of young scientists who were working in the clean tech 
and clean energy areas. They asked us about climate change and what we were doing in Congress to address it. I want to just go to some of the people who have tweeted in to us about Future Forum this evening and what their thoughts are. 
tweeted at us in San Francisco that they are excited about the ideas presented and the issues raised and ‘‘let’s get to work.’’ 
I want to tell you how we are getting 
to work. This was not just a oneway talkingto with millennials. Through #futureforum, through medium.com, through the article we wrote and posted there, and through the information we have collected across the country, we are actually putting the ball in the court of the young entrepreneurs and students who are charting this new economy. We told them to help us crowdsource ideas that can move America forward, and they gave us some at these visits. 
With student loan debt being, probably, the biggest, most pressing issue, there was a general consensus that there are two groups affected by this. The first group is of the students who are enrolled right now and paying tuition and accruing debt. The second group is of the 41 million young Americans who already have student loan debt. 
for the students who are in school now or who will be in school was, one, treat public education as a public good. Find a way to make sure that any qualified, capable person who wants to go to college can do so, and keep the costs as low or as next to zero as you can. 
about the Future Forum who had graduated college 30, 40 years ago who came out and talked to us, and they harkened back to a time in California when, in the UC and Cal State systems, tuition was essentially free—they even threw in the yearbook—yet the return on investment was a whole generation of educated individuals who would contribute to the greatest economy in the United States: California. 
how much it costs today to go to UC Berkeley: $33,000 today is what it costs a year for a student to go to UC Berkeley. People who had attended 20, 30 years ago talked about when it was almost next to nothing. It is $33,000 a year. 
number—and he went to Harvard. Harvard is the Berkeley of the East. Congressman GALLEGO looked at that number, and he said: That is about what I paid when I graduated from Harvard in the early 2000s, $33,000 a year. 
Keep interest rates as low as possible. The consensus among people who met with us—these current students and entrepreneurs—was that the government should make no money on interest rates on loans that it gives to students. 
Americans who have the $1.3 trillion in debt? There was a general consensus that those debtholders should be able to refinance their student loans. You can refinance an auto loan. You can refinance your home loan, but for the 86 percent of loans that are the Federal loans of those 41 million Americans, you can’t refinance them. 
Congressman JOECOURTNEY , a colleague of mine from Connecticut, has a bill that would allow just that. Our Future Forum members are on that bill, and we are hoping that it gets a vote in this Congress because this should be a bipartisan issue. 
Democrats—they are not all Democrats, and they are not all Republicans. They are hopeful, aspirational young people who should benefit from the same refinancing laws that you can use with your home mortgage or with your auto loan. 
idea was too big or small for this crowd. There was the proposal to have a jubilee for all of the federally funded student loans—to take every borrower, return that money to those borrowers, to put them at zero, and watch where the money would go. 
did not have to pay anywhere from $100 to $1,000 every month, they are not going to pocket the money; they are going to put the money back in the economy, and it would essentially be a stimulus. 
country—every young person, every parent of a young person, every grandparent of a young person—to give us your ideas. Future Forum is just getting started. We already are working with our colleague Congresswoman DEBBIE DINGELL , who is excited and 
eager to host us in Michigan, and with other colleagues who want to bring us to their States to talk to young people. 
them at #futureforum. Put it on Instagram. You can find us on Facebook. Tweet. Facebook. Instagram. Use social media, #futureforum. Give us your ideas because the goal is for us to listen to you and then to work here in a bipartisan way to act on your behalf. 
work will go on until we have lifted the burden that stands in the way of young, aspirational entrepreneurs. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ) for 30 minutes. 
rise today to draw the attention of the American people and my colleagues to an issue that is rapidly coming to the floor of the House, and it is an issue that is coming so rapidly that some people might not notice the overwhelming magnitude of this issue. 
In fact, it is an issue that most people are bored with. They don’t like to discuss it. They think it is so complicated that they don’t pay any attention. Unfortunately, the fact that little attention is being paid to this issue 
may result in there being major damage to the wellbeing of the American people. 
What I am trying to say is there is 
legislation that will cause great harm to the American people, to our security, and to our prosperity. It is something that is coming to a vote, and we could well lose unless the American people mobilize and the people in this Hall pay attention to the interests of the American people as a whole and not to major international corporations that have been manipulating this issue. 
What am I talking about? I am talking about an issue that has over the years been taken for granted, that America would be the preeminent technology power in the world. In fact, it has been our technology superiority that has led to the prosperity of average Americans, to the standard of living that we have, and also to our safety and security as a nation. 
so hard—and we have worked hard—but we have coupled work with technology. In fact, people work hard all over the world, but they have not had the patent protection, the protection for the intellectual rights of ownership in the development of new technology. The people around the world haven’t had this; thus, they have had standards of living very low for ordinary people and then, of course, the rich at the top. 
What we have had in our country is a 
protection of intellectual property rights by inventors. It is actually written into our Constitution. In fact, the word ‘‘right’’ is only used once in the body of the Constitution. There are the Bill of Rights in the latter part, but the word ‘‘right’’ is only related to the right that the Constitution declares for those who are writers and inventors who have created something, and they have the right to control it and to own it for a given period of time. 
United States. We have made sure that our people were competitive with the overseas populations, that our people produced the wealth that was necessary for highpaying jobs, produced the wealth that was necessary for standards of living. It comes back to the fact that we have recognized, as a right of ownership, the creativity genius of our own people. 
Over the last two decades, most people have not understood that there has been a concealed effort to destroy the patent rights of the American people. 
decades, we have been fighting quietly—people haven’t even noticed it— against large international corporations, multinationals, who would destroy the patent rights of the American people. 
Why did they want to do that? Because they want to steal the creation of our own inventors without having to 
little guy versus big guy, David and Goliath fight that I have ever seen in Washington, D.C., but it is also one of the quietest and one that people have tried their best to keep out of the public eye. 
conceive of this, where you have big corporations coming to say let’s neuter the rights of the little guy or of little Americans? How would this happen? How could anyone imagine that a representative body like the House of Representatives would do anything like that? 
to this body—and they are not going to the committee of jurisdiction, which is the Committee on the Judiciary— claiming that they want to steal from little guys and that they want to take people’s ideas and use them without paying compensation for them. No, they don’t say that. 
the straw man argument. Now, that is a traditional way of debate. It is in the debate books. If you can’t beat your opponent in a debate, create a straw man, create an image that you are actually attacking this guy, the straw man, when in reality you are attacking somebody else. Somebody else is going to suffer the pain. 
man arguments, you can handle them. You can say how horrible that straw man is and his arguments mean nothing, well, because that is not really the guy who is being attacked. It is the other man and woman down there, the small inventors. They are the ones who are going to feel it. But yet you don’t hear that from those proponents of the legislation that, as I am warning people, is on the way to the House floor. 
first used 20 years ago when I got here. They were trying to suggest that we have to make major changes in our patent law because there are these heinous submarine patents. Over and over and over again, the submarine patents were having such a horrible impact on business because they would come up and charge people for patents that the business didn’t even know existed. 
away. They no longer talk about submarine patents. Now the boogeyman that is helping them create a straw man argument that will result in the massive theft of intellectual property rights from America’s most creative people, the boogeyman now is called the patent troll. That is it: the patent troll. These huge corporations have spent millions—tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions—of dollars over these last few years trying to promote this image that there is a patent troll out there—that sounds sinister, doesn’t it?—that has to be defeated. They have proposed legislation in the name of defeating a patent troll, because that sounds very sinister, rather than legislation that permits large corporations to get away with stealing the patent 
about? It is a relatively new word. As I say, when I first got here, they were calling them ‘‘submarine patents,’’ that is the evil force. Well, ‘‘troll’’ came about—I had a businessman who was an executive of a major company who has actually now changed sides, and he has decided, my gosh, no, he can’t go along with this destruction of Americans’ rights to own what they have created. He told me about how it was decided. 
He was in a room with senior executives, mainly from the electronics industry. They went around the room saying, now, what is the most sinister sounding word that we can come up with in order to divert the attention of the people away from the fact that our real target is these small inventors, because everybody has a soft spot in their heart for small inventors, so they are going to create a false image some way. What can we do? What word can we use to fool the American people into thinking that this is an evil force that we are trying to stop when, in reality, they are trying to beat down small inventors? 
guy was telling me, and he said: I actually suggested that they use the word ‘‘patent pirate,’’ the ‘‘patent pirate.’’ That is how horrible it is. But, no, by the time they got around to the end of the group, to the last part of the group, they had all heard ‘‘patent troll,’’ which is even worse than ‘‘patent pirate.’’ So they all agreed that this would be the word that we will use to deceive the American people. That is what it was all about. This businessman was very upfront with me about the cynical nature of this type of manipulation. 
here and say, ‘‘We want to eliminate the rights of the American people to sue for damages,’’ and we can’t eliminate the rights of small inventors to actually try to get their money for something that they have invented and spent their whole lifetime trying to create, but what they can do is try to get legislation that will eliminate the ability of patent trolls to function. 
item that is being presented as a means to control patent trolls actually does what? It hurts every single one of them, does damage to little guys trying to protect their patent rights. 
By the way, everything they are presenting in this legislation would be the equivalent if someone says: Well, we have got this horrible thing about frivolous lawsuits. Because, in fact, what the businessmen often are complaining about and claiming that trolls are being the ones who are doing this, what they are really talking about are frivolous lawsuits. 
throughout our entire justice system and court system. Would we then say 
that because there are some lawyers who are willing to scam the system or that we know that there are some people who will file frivolous lawsuits that we should eliminate the rights of the American people to sue for damages when they have been damaged by someone or sue to protect their rights when their rights have been violated? No. But that is what is going on here. 
which they made up the term, we are being asked to support legislation that dramatically eliminates the rights and protections of honest inventors, although that is not what is being said every time there is a debate—‘‘We are for the small inventor; we are for the small inventor,’’ when every single one of the provisions hurts the small inventor. 
are seeing that the legislation being pushed forward now is under a bill, which is H.R. 9. It is already in the committee. It was a bill that went through last year. What happened is, yes, it went through last year with the same sort of, ‘‘Oh, we are not really trying to hurt the little guy,’’ but knowing that is what it was doing because what happened is, yeah, the legislation passed this body. The legislation passed this body. 
To show you how bad it was, I managed to lead the fight and have one amendment that got one of the bad provisions out. You know what that provision was? The provision was, if a small inventor feels that the Patent Office has not been dealing with him on a legal basis, on a legitimate basis, that he no longer has the right to take his case to court. They were eliminating the right of our inventors to take their case to court when their government isn’t operating legally. 
back. Unfortunately, the other provisions of the bill moved forward. But guess what. Even though it would hurt small inventors and technology investors and universities, that bill went forward out of this body, but it was stopped in the Senate. It was stopped in the Senate because some of these technology laboratories and some small inventors as well, but mainly the universities, stepped forward and said: Wait a minute. You are trying to supposedly get patent trolls, but what you are doing is going to undercut us. It was analyzed that the result of that legislation, if signed into law and passed through the Senate, would have decreased the value of patents owned by our universities. 
income is their patents because they have laboratories and research centers. That would have negated about half the value of the patents that they own. This would have been a disaster. Luckily, the universities spoke up, and they need to speak up in the House this time because it is the same bill they are trying to put through the House, and they 
are trying to ship it over to the Senate 
again. We need to make sure that we mobilize and let those people in elected office, whether they are a Congressman or a Senator, know that they have to pay attention to what the effects of this will be on our universities, what it will be on—yes, and on the small inventors. It is unconscionable that we have these huge multinational corporations in a power grab like this. 
Why is it that they are able to do 
this, this attack on little guys, on average Americans who have dedicated their life to developing a new technological idea? Why? Why is that? Well, because they are able to give major campaign contributions. I am not talking about anybody’s vote being bought. I don’t believe that that happens here. I know that a lot of people claim that, but I don’t claim that. What I do know is that contributors get the attention of the Member of Congress or the Senator. That is what happens. 
they are multinational corporations by and large—have bought the attention of these people and have made their argument. So we have 90 percent of the Members of Congress and the Senate who are yawning and nobody is talking to them about the bill, but they have got these other 10 percent with their best friends who have donated to their campaigns actually are able to make the argument. 
we are to protect our security, we have got to move forward and interact with those people who are elected to represent us in the Congress and the United States Senate. That is the only thing that will thwart these multinationals and their ability to buy the attention of a certain number of Members of Congress. 
unless the universities, unless the average working people, the voters in their district come and see them and talk to them and say: We do not want our rights to be diminished. We don’t want any of our rights, but especially our patent rights, which are the rights that protect our jobs because it makes us competitive with overseas. It produces wealth enough for average people to live well in our country. 
these huge corporations don’t run roughshod over the rest of us because they, themselves, now, as I say, they haven’t bought votes; they bought attention. We need to call attention to this issue, and it is up before the Committee on the Judiciary. We are talking about H.R. 9, a piece of legislation that will do a tremendous damage to the American people by cutting off the very constitutional right that our Founding Fathers knew was so important, and that is the right to own, for a given period of time, any type of technology creation and creative genius that you have as a writer or an inventor. 
guys. This is David versus Goliath. I will tell you, we little guys need to 
stick together. If we do, we will win. That is what America is all about. We can and will win. We will not let cynical, powerful forces like those who sit around the room and say: What is the bad word that we can come up with that will scare everybody into supporting our restrictions and our diminishing of patent rights? The cynical people came up with the word ‘‘troll.’’ 
way? Let me just note that this bill, H.R. 9, will greatly diminish patent protection, but, for example, it destroys the right of discovery. It means that if people actually invest in a small inventor—let’s say someone, a small inventor needs an investor. Of course they do. They are not like these huge corporations. They need someone to invest. But later on, the big corporation does what? Steals that invention. In order to what? These big corporations are sued all the time for infringement. 
arrogantly taking something that belongs to somebody else, something that has been patented, and ignoring the patent, putting it into their product, and then say, ‘‘Well, sue me,’’ knowing that the little guys have trouble suing because they don’t have the money. 
inventor and the investor sues for infringement—let’s say his lawyers aren’t as good and he loses that case— well, now, they are changing the rules here. All of a sudden, all of the expenses of that big company, the legal expenses, will have to be picked up by that small inventor. 
that happens? You will never get anybody to invest in that small inventor because the law not only says the inventor will pay for the cost of asking for the infringement case, but anybody who has invested in his invention will also have to bear that burden. Who is going to want to become liable if a big company starts stealing and they can’t prove it in court? 
Right now, if a big company decides to steal from a little guy—well, if the little guy can prove this guy knew that that was my patent and he is stealing my intellectual property, if he can prove that, he will get treble damages. That is triple damages. 
all along. That permits the little guy to have legal counsel because, if it is just simply getting the money back that he has lost, this is damages, because he gets a certain amount because he has been violated. 
these little guys get a lawyer? Now, these big guys are trying to eliminate triple damages so the little guys can’t get lawyers. By doing these things, H.R. 9 will dramatically decrease the value of patents held by our major universities, held by retirement accounts, held by our laboratories—the people 
what they claim a patent troll to be and how they claim that this is bad. A patent troll, according to these huge corporate interests, is someone who didn’t invest in something but now has the rights to sue them because that investor—the ‘‘troll’’—has purchased the patent rights to certain technologies. 
runs around 10 to 20 years that a patent owner can own his patent. An inventor gets granted the patent, and for 17 years, they own that patent. 
money, and they can’t even develop it, so they have to have investors. Some of them face the theft of their technology, and they don’t have the money to put out, and they, themselves, challenge in court that their rights have been violated. 
It is like a piece of property. If somebody comes and builds a railroad track across your property and refuses to give you any compensation for it, well, you have a right to sue; but some of the little guys don’t have enough money to sue. 
is legal entities that are not involved with actually the invention, but they will come in and say, I will invest in your patent so you will have enough money to sue these big guys because they are stealing from you—or they just buy the patent outright, and then they own that property for a given period of time, and then they sue. 
with someone stepping forward and buying the property rights of an inventor and then enforcing it through our court system. There is nothing wrong with that, but we have been told that these are all frivolous lawsuits by the trolls. 
like this, a troll—supposedly, by that name—is nothing more than an investor who has bought the property rights of an inventor, of the person who owned the property in the first place. 
corporations trying to vilify someone who comes in and buys patent rights from small inventors and then using that person to destroy all of the patent rights of the small inventor. 
which is S. 632. It is CHRIS COONS from 
Delaware who actually has a piece of legislation to try to strengthen people’s patent rights, and it eliminates some of the—you might say—bad tactics that were used by people who were involved with frivolous lawsuits in the technology area. He takes care of that without greatly diminishing the patent rights of real inventors. 
We also have a bill with Representative JOHNCONYERS here in the House, 
and that bill protects the small guy while trying to improve the Patent Office. By the way, what his bill does is ensure that all the patent fees that go 
thus, improve the quality of the patents that our people have. 
from the Patent Office in the last 10 years and goes into the general fund when it should be spent trying to protect—and trying to make the system work—intellectual property ownership by inventors. 
That is the last I have on that piece 
of legislation, which is H.R. 9, which deserves the attention of the American people. 
talking about one other issue very quickly. Today, I introduced legislation, H.R. 1940, which basically says that the Federal Government shall not interfere in those States that have eliminated the penalties on marijuana use and sales or have allowed the operation of medical marijuana dispensaries. 
This legislation, H.R. 1940, would basically leave it up to the States as to whether or not people should be permitted to use marijuana, especially medical marijuana. 
of the United States should face the type of controls and the type of police state activity that impacts their lives by people—whether they are well meaning or not—who have set up, basically, a bureaucratic law enforcement state that activates and prevents people from living their own lives. 
If, indeed, someone is using marijuana—for medical purposes especially, but also even for recreational use—if someone is in their backyard, smoking some marijuana, we should not spend limited dollars. 
are cutting off veterans’ benefits, cutting down on people who need help, but then we are spending it on trying to put in jail someone who is smoking marijuana in their backyard or trying to supply someone with the marijuana to smoke in their backyard. That is absolutely absurd. 
a State has legalized the use of marijuana or the medical use of marijuana, the Federal Government cannot infringe upon that. 
It is sort of like you see a guy over in 
the corner of a park, and he is surrounded by policemen, and they throw him to the ground, and they handcuff him and put him in jail, and they go through the court procedures with the judges and all these expenses for smoking marijuana, versus the other end of the park, where some lady is getting raped, but there is no policeman there, and they spend all of their money focusing on the people who are smoking marijuana. That makes no sense. 
should especially respect people’s right to live their own lives; and, if they make mistakes, which they do, they will have to live with those mistakes. 
H.R. 1940, which is consistent with criminal law should be made at the 
State and local level and not at the Federal level. We should not have a Federal police force knocking in doors, going into people’s homes, and spending huge amounts of money in order to prevent people from personal consumption behavior. 
I would ask my colleagues, if you believe in liberty, believe what our Founding Fathers believed in, support a strong patent system and oppose H.R. 9 and support my legislation, H.R. 1940, which will restore to the American people and to the States therein the right to control criminal law and their own personal behavior. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
account of attending a Presidential visit to the Everglades National Park in his district. 
today on account of medical appointment regarding foot surgery. 
titles were taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration program; to the Committee on Ways and Means; in addition, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce; in addition, to the Committee on Ways and Means for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 26 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the 
House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, April 23, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
of the District of Columbia, transmitting D.C. Act 2144, ‘‘Vending Regulations Temporary Amendment Act of 2015’’, pursuant to 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C OURT NEY, Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. F UDGE , Ms. D ELAURO , and Ms. 
with mine safety and health laws, empower miners to raise safety concerns, prevent future mine tragedies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1927. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to improve fairness in class action litigation; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
MEADOWS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UDSON, and Mr. R OUZER ): 
H.R. 1928. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the coverage of qualified tuition programs and increase the limitation on contributions to Coverdell education savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
nationals from traveling to countries in which foreign governments or antigovernment forces allow foreign terrorist organizations to engage in armed conflict for purposes of participating in such armed conflict or from providing material support to entities that are engaged in such armed conflict, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 1930. A bill to eliminate certain subsidies for fossilfuel production; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, Natural Resources, Science, Space, and Technology, Energy and Commerce, Agriculture, Appropriations, Financial Services, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1931. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to sell certain Federal land, to direct that the proceeds of such sales be applied to reduce the Federal budget deficit, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural 
Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Safety and Health Act of 1970 to allow employers a grace period to abate certain occupational health and safety violations before being subject to a penalty under such Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
ADAMS , Ms. B ASS, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
CLEAVER , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , 
Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
Mr. H ONDA , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. N ADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. P AYNE , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
Mr. R USH, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. S WALWELL of California, 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. M AXINEWATERS of California, Ms. W ILSON  
profiling by law enforcement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1934. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a national Oncology Medical Home Demonstration Project under the Medicare program for the purpose of changing the Medicare payment for cancer care in order to enhance the quality of care and to improve cost efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1935. A bill to protect 10th Amendment rights by providing special standing for State government officials to challenge proposed regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana, Mr. R EED, Mrs. 
BLACK , and Mr. M ARCHANT ): H.R. 1936. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to exclude certain medical sources of evidence in making disability determinations; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
GOSAR , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. F LEISCHMANN , 
Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. F LORES , 
Mr. S TEWART , Mr. C OOK, Mr. H ECKof 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. L ABRADOR , 
Mr. H ARDY , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, 
Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. L AMALFA , Mrs. M CMORRISRODGERS , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. B ARR, Mr. C OLE, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, 
H.R. 1937. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture to more efficiently develop domestic sources of the minerals and mineral materials of strategic and critical importance to United States economic and national security and manufacturing competitiveness; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin, Mr. P OCAN , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
General Act of 1978 to increase transparency of the Inspectors General, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1939. A bill to amend the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 to establish prohibitions to prevent the use of an unmanned aircraft system as a weapon while operating in the national airspace system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. COHEN , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. 
TITUS, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. 
Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. B ARR, 
Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. 
DUFFY , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. M ESSER , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. H ILL, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. L UCAS , 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. D AVID 
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. D UNCAN of South 
Carolina, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. G ARRETT , 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. H URT 
H.R. 1941. A bill to improve the examination of depository institutions, and for other 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. B UCHANAN , Ms. 
Mexico, Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. C ONYERS , 
GRIJALVA , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. D ELAURO , 
Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. D ENT, Mr. P RICE of 
Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. C ALVERT , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K ILMER, and Mr. R UPPERSBERGER ): 
threats posed by the consumption of equines raised in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CICILLINE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. C OSTA , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
JEFFRIES , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mrs. C AROLYN B. 
MALONEY of New York, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. S WALWELL of 
Mr. T ONKO , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. 
Court of the United States to promulgate a code of ethics; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. P ETER SON): 
H.R. 1944. A bill to provide regulatory relief to alternative fuel producers and consumers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1945. A bill to amend the African Elephant Conservation Act and the Rhinoceros and Tiger Conservation Act to provide for trade sanctions against countries involved in illegal trade of elephant ivory and rhinoceros horn, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. KIND, Mr. N EAL, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. R ANGEL, Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 1946. A bill to amend the Trade Act of 
1974 to authorize the United States Trade Representative to take discretionary action if a foreign country is engaging in unreasonable acts, policies, or practices relating to the environment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. BLUMENAUER (for himself, 
Mr. KIND, Mr. N EAL, Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
Agreements Enforcement Trust Fund to take actions to enforce free trade agreements to which the United States is a party, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
WALZ, Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. K USTER , 
H.R. 1948. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide child care assistance to veterans receiving certain medical services provided by the Department of Veterans Affairs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1949. A bill to provide for the consideration and submission of site and design proposals for the National Liberty Memorial approved for establishment in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1950. A bill to abolish certain executive agencies unless Congress disapproves of such abolishment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1951. A bill to prohibit the use of hydraulic fracturing or acid well stimulation treatment in the Pacific Outer Continental Shelf Region until the Secretary of the Interior prepares an environmental impact statement and conducts a study with respect to such practices, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , and Mr. H UFFMAN ): 
oil and gas leasing off the coast of the State of California, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BLUM, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. 
Congress and congressional staff to abide by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act with respect to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on House Administration, Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
general solicitation of investment in commodity pools similar to the exemption provided for general solicitation of securities under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
SLAUGHTER , Ms. M OORE , Mr. L EVIN, 
Ms. K APTUR , Ms. F UDGE , and Ms. 
Water Pollution Control Act to provide assistance for nutrient removal technologies to States in the Great Lakes System; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
SA´NCHEZ of California, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
Pell Grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
BUTTERFIELD , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Mr. K IND, and Ms. F UDGE ): 
H.R. 1959. A bill to provide Dreamer students with access to student financial aid; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. E LLISON , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. P INGREE , and Ms. L OFGREN ): 
for the reduction and recycling of municipal solid waste, to address the growing problem 
of marine debris, to require the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to promulgate regulations to attain those goals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, 
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to establish a Climate Change Education Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1962. A bill to establish State infrastructure banks for education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1963. A bill to provide for the upgrade 
of the vehicle fleet of the United States Postal Service, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
BUSTOS , Mr. S ALMON , Ms. E STY, Mr. 
H.R. 1964. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to revise hiring practices for air traffic controller positions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
companies from requirements relating to the use of Extensible Business Reporting Language for periodic reporting to the Securities and Exchange Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
Ms. M OORE , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
to reestablish the Civilian Conservation Corps as a means of providing gainful employment to unemployed and underemployed citizens of the United States through the performance of useful public work, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1967. A bill to authorize Federal agencies to establish prize competitions for innovation or adaptation management development relating to ocean acidification; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
BABIN, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. 
H.R. 1968. A bill to amend title 28, United 
States Code, to limit Federal court jurisdiction and funding over questions concerning the issue of marriage with respect to the Defense of Marriage Act and the Constitution, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
the program of comprehensive assistance for family caregivers of the Department of Veterans Affairs, to expand benefits available to participants under such program, to enhance special compensation for members of the uniformed services who require assistance in everyday life, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Armed Services, Oversight and Government Reform, Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1970. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for manufacturing job training expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. B EYER , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. L OFGREN , 
Ms. L EE, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Ms. H AHN, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT ): 
emissions and protect the climate; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1972. A bill to provide certain requirements for the licensing of commercial nuclear facilities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mrs. LOWEY: 
Regulatory Commission to retain and redistribute certain amounts collected as fines; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
of New Mexico (for herself, Mr. TAKAI, Mr. V EASEY , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. L EE, Ms. 
PINGREE , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. C LARK  
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. H ONDA , Mrs. 
TORRES , Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of 
California, Mr. T EDLIEU of California, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Ms. M OORE , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, 
H.R. 1974. A bill to expand access to health 
care services, including sexual, reproductive, and maternal health services, for immigrant women, men, and families by removing legal barriers to health insurance coverage, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Exchange Act of 1934 to require the Securities Exchange Commission to refund or credit excess payments made to the Commission; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
weapons abolition and economic conversion in accordance with District of Columbia Initiative Measure Number 37 of 1992, while ensuring environmental restoration and clean energy conversion; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. K EATING , 
H.R. 1977. A bill to amend the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act to permanently prohibit the conduct of offshore drilling on the outer Continental Shelf in the MidAtlantic, South Atlantic, and North Atlantic planning areas; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S IRES, Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. W ALZ, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. M URPHY of 
Florida, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. 
SPEIER , Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. N OLAN ): 
H.R. 1978. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to establish a veterans conservation corps, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Judiciary, and 
Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself, Ms. NORTON , Mr. M EEKS , and 
H.R. 1979. A bill to strengthen the protections from levy by the Internal Revenue Service for taxpayers in economic hardship; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1980. A bill to enhance consumer access to electricity information and allow for the adoption of innovative products and services to help consumers manage their energy usage; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
to a certain standing committee of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. considered and agreed to. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1926. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1927. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
legislation is based is found in Article I, Section 8, Clause 9; Article III, Section 1, Clause 1; and Article III, Section 2, Clause 2 of the Constitution, which grant Congress authority over federal courts. 
Hit. 1928. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States’’ and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, which empowers Congress to ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 1929. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following. 
bill rests in the preamble of the Constitution providing for the ‘‘common defense’’ and in the powers governing national security in Article I, Section 8. 
H.R. 1930. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Caluse 18 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: 
all alws which shall be necessary and proprer for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution on the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 1931. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1933. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amendment to the United States Constitution, Congress shall have the power to enact appropriate laws protecting the civil rights of all Americans. 
H.R. 1934. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to regulate Commerce as enumerated by Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 as applied to providing for the general welfare of the United States through the administration of the Medicare program under Title 18 if the Social Security Act. 
H.R. 1935. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article III, Section 2, Clause 1 & the Tenth 
H.R. 1936. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 1937. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). 
H.R. 1938. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1939. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The attached language falls within Congress’ delegated authority to legislate interstate commerce, found in Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. Further, Congress’ authority to authorize the FAA to regulate airspace within the U.S. has been found to be within its authority under the 
General Welfare clause of the U.S. Constitution, Article I, Section 8, clause 1. 
H.R. 1940. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, which grants Congress the power to, among other things, regulate Commerce among the several States. 
H.R. 1941. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of the Constitution states that Congress shall have power to regulate the regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1942. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
have Power . . . To make Laws which shall be necessary and propey for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1943. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8. 
H.R. 1944. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause 
H.R. 1945. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1946. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
H.R. 1947. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 14 To make Rules for the Government and 
H.R. 1949. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 of the Constitution of the United States of America. 
H.R. 1950. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
States Consititution. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department of Officer thereof 
H.R. 1951. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1952. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1953. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1954. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1955. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1956. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1957. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1959. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and 18 of Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1960. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1961. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1962. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. 
H.R. 1963. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 7 of Section 8, Article I of the U.S. 
H.R. 1964. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, as this legislation regulates commerce between the states. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18, providing Congress with the authority to enact legislation necessary to execute one of its 
enumerated powers, such as Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 1965. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 1966. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
provide for the general welfare of the United States and to regulate commerce among the several states, and with the Indian tribes of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1967. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 1968. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
public Ministers and Consuls, and those in which a State shall be Party, the supreme Court shall have original Jurisdiction. In all the other Cases before mentioned, the supreme Court shall have appellate Jurisdiction, both as to Law and Fact, with such Exceptions, and under such Regulations as the Congress shall make.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 9 ‘‘To constitute Tribunals inferior to the 
H.R. 1969. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1970. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
H.R. 1971. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the Constitution 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the Constitution 
H.R. 1972. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1973. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1974. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1975. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1976. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clauses 1 and 3 of section 8 of article I of 
H.R. 1977. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2: The Congress shall have Power to dispose 
of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to Prejudice any Claims of the United States, or of any particular State. 
H.R. 1978. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of the Constitution, Congress, has the power ‘‘To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper’’ for carrying out power including the power ‘‘To raise and support Armies’’ 
H.R. 1979. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1980. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. D IAZBALART and Mr. M URPHY  
H.R. 209: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
RANGEL , Mr. E NGEL , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
H.R. 381: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
H.R. 456: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. K ATKO , and Mrs. 
H.R. 465: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. T ROTT , 
H.R. 467: Mr. P ETERS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. R ANGEL , and Ms. 
H.R. 566: Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 591: Mr. P ETERS . 
H.R. 624: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mrs. W ALORSKI , 
H.R. 712: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 721: Mr. C RAWFORD and Mr. R OEof 
H.R. 727: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. 
EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. 
MATSUI , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. 
QUIGLEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 825: Ms. T ITUS, Mr. L ATTA , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. M ICA. 
H.R. 836: Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois and 
H.R. 846: Mr. K IND, Mr. K EATING , and Ms. 
H.R. 885: Mr. C OLEand Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 891: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. S MITH of 
Texas, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mr. H URD of Texas, Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. S AMJOHNSON of 
H.R. 920: Ms. K APTUR , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
H.R. 980: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 985: Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. V ANHOLLEN . 
H.R. 986: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. C OLLINS of 
Georgia, Mr. J ONES , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. 
Mr. G UTHRIE , and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 996: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 997: Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan and Mr. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. 
CURBELO of Florida, Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and 
H.R. 1086: Mr. B YRNE and Mr. B UCSHON . 
H.R. 1178: Mr. P ETERS and Mr. C ROWLEY . 
H.R. 1202: Mr. P ETERSON and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and 
H.R. 1211: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 1220: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
California, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
LOEBSACK , Ms. L EE, Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, 
Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1229: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. W ILLIAMS and Mr. J OLLY . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee and Mr. 
H.R. 1309: Mr. V ELAand Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 1310: Mr. D OLD, Ms. L OFGREN , and Mrs. 
H.R. 1312: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
SIRES, Mr. R UIZ, Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , and Mr. G RAYSON . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. B OSTand Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa. 
H.R. 1478: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. B YRNE . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P OLIS, and 
H.R. 1538: Mr. J ONES and Mr. P ERLMUTTER . 
H.R. 1567: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 1594: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. C OURTNEY , 
Mr. S ARBANES , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. N UGENT , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
WALZ, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. 
PALAZZO , Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. D AVIS of California, and Mr. B ISHOP of Utah. H.R. 1610: Mr. M OOLENAAR . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. B ARLETTA . 
H.R. 1666: Mr. M ULVANEY and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1669: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. R USSELL. 
H.R. 1674: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 1675: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H IGGINS , and 
H.R. 1732: Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. J ENKINS of West 
Virginia, Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. R OSS, and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1737: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. L ATTA , Ms. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. Y ODER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. L ATTA , and 
H.R. 1784: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P AYNE , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. L ONG, Mr. W ITTMAN , and Ms. 
H.R. 1807: Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RANGEL , and Mr. Y OUNG of Indiana. H.R. 1832: Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 1869: Mr. B UCKand Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1907: Mr. B RADY of Texas and Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H.J. Res. 43: Mr. A MASH , Mr. S MITH of Nebraska, Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. 
POMPEO , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. H ARRIS , and Mrs. 
PITTS, Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M ASSIE , 
Mr. F LEMING , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. 
JODY B. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, 
Mr. T ROTT , Mr. G RAVES of Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Con. Res. 40: Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. A L 
GREEN of Texas, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. R USH, 
Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. M CGOVERN, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. W OODALL , 
H. Res. 194: Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R ENACCI , 
H. Res. 207: Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S EANPATRICK  
MALONEY of New York, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. R ICEof South Carolina, and Mr. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2311 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2015 No. 59 