have long championed the concept that trade done right requires strong environmental protections as well as enforcement of those commitments. 
Many of our most serious environmental challenges, from climate change to deforestation to protecting the oceans from being stripmined with industrial fishing practices, can only succeed in the context of enforceable international agreements. Democrats reached an accord with 
the Bush administration through the May 10 Agreement, which is one tool. The 2008 Lacey Act amendments are another. There are now a host of trade related tools to fight some of the most egregious environmental challenges. 
we were able to include an entire Forest Annex that requires Peru to sustainably manage its forest resources and protect their forests, under penalty of law. The impact of those tools, however, is dependent on our willingness to use things like the Peru Free Trade Agreement. 
put those tools to work to fight against illegal logging in Peru, a country where 60 percent of its land is in the Amazon rainforest, and estimates on the rate of illegal logging in that area are as high as 80 percent. 
Last week, over 70 shipping containers of what is suspected to be illegally harvested timber from Peru was stopped at the Port of Houston. This action was taken after we received compelling information from OSINFOR, Peru’s independent body tasked with oversight of their forests and wildlife resources. 
to a company whose logging practices are already suspect, having been one of 10 companies whose export documents were found fraudulent during Operation Amazonas 2014, an operation carried out in coordination with INTERPOL to investigate illegal logging in Peru. 
While it appears as though the timber is under American control, the same bad actor is once again conveying illegally harvested timber out of Peru’s Amazon rainforest and to its borders for export. 
handful of individuals at OSINFOR— again, Peru’s independent agency tasked with overseeing that their timber laws are followed—a shipment of 
timber likely of illegal origin has been stopped at the border in Peru. As a result, unfortunately, these brave people are being threatened with bodily damage or death. 
criminals, no doubt lives are in jeopardy. One only has to look last fall at how serious these threats were when Edwin Chota, an environmental activist trying to end the practice of illegal logging, was murdered by criminals that lead such illegal activity. Just 3 days ago, OSINFOR’s office was firebombed. Thugs are threatening to storm government offices if OSINFOR does not ease up and go quietly into the night. 
colleagues to insist that the administration stand up to these criminals, these murderers, and that we will not turn our back on the courageous individuals, but support them in their efforts. We have the tools to do exactly that, thanks to the Peru Free Trade Agreement, as well as the Lacey Act. 
be thoroughly investigated and, if evidence permits, we should bring to bear the full weight of the 2008 Lacey Act amendments by pursuing civil fines, forfeiture of timber and equipment, and criminal penalties, if supported by the evidence. And, frankly, also pushing back on Peru. The shipment held in Peru must also be investigated and the bad actors brought to justice. The Peruvian Government should immediately make clear they stand behind OSINFOR as an independent oversight agency. 
At a time when we will be considering the TransPacific Partnership, which has promising protections, it is more important than ever that the administration make sure that they are not merely protections on paper, but protections backed by action. It is time to step up with robust enforcement. 
If we are serious about combating climate change, we must not only hold ourselves accountable for following our carboncutting commitments, but other countries as well. Peru, for example, has made protection of the Amazon rainforest the centerpiece of its proposed climate proposal. 
contribute to 17 percent of total global carbon emissions annually, it is clear that progress cannot be made on this front and many others if we do not stand up and empower people in Peru and elsewhere who want to do the right thing and fight the illegal trade in timber. The administration has a perfect opportunity to show good faith by acting now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ) for 5 minutes. 
to remember a veteran, a legendary chef, and a man known as the godfather of the Tampa Bay hospitality industry. 
dear friend to so many in the Pinellas County and Tampa Bay community, Mr. Tom Pritchard, executive chef of the Bay Star Restaurant Group. Tom passed away this past week following surgery to ease the effects of Parkinson’s disease. He was 74 years old. 
that he was a storyteller who was larger than life. He had his own unique sense of style and had a way of making anyone he met feel like they had known each other for decades. 
first restaurant job came at the age of 14, when he started work shucking oysters for the legendary Guy Lombardo 
at his East Point House restaurant on Long Island. 
college in Iowa before being drafted by the U.S. Army in 1964. Tom was stationed in Germany for several years before being honorably discharged in 1967. 
After serving his country, Tom continued to spend time abroad, living in London, Mexico, Morocco, Scotland, and owning restaurants in France and Spain. Eventually, he moved to Florida, and in the 1990s he partnered with Frank Chivas, a seafood broker who would become a dear and lasting friend of Tom’s. The two would open Salt Rock Grill in Indian Shores. Under Tom’s guidance and tutelage, Salt Rock’s kitchen became a training ground for upandcoming chefs. 
share recipes, and with his inventive approach to cooking, Tom became a Florida food legend. One longtime food critic wrote of Tom’s generosity: ‘‘‘Mentor’ is too trite a word for what Tom Pritchard did for literally hundreds of people, young and old, in the kitchen.’’ 
kitchens at Island Way Grill and Rumba Island Bar and Grill in Clearwater and Marlin Darlin in Belleair Bluffs—along the way, always helping others. You see, it was Tom’s generosity outside the kitchen that defined the man he was. 
wrote this week, Tom set the platinum standard for community support, underwriting substantial food and labor costs annually at benefits for numerous nonprofit organizations, like the Abilities Foundation, Clearwater for Youth, and the Ryan Wells Foundation. 
raised $3.7 million from 25 years of wine and food tastings thanks to the help of Tom Pritchard and Frank Chivas. Tom and Frank’s mere presence at a fundraiser influenced the participation of countless sponsors and attendees. 
time and talents to benefit programs that helped disabled and other individuals find jobs and live independently. Mr. Speaker, let it be known to all that Tom Pritchard gave more than he took. 
Tom was preceded in death by his father, Thomas Alden Pritchard, Sr.; mother, Ruth McCarthy Pritchard; brother, Jeffery Lloyd; and son, Adam D. Ostfeld, who also served his country in the Armed Forces. He is survived by his loving wife of 24 years, Jody D. Hale; her husband, Daniel Hale; sisters, Cynthia A. Tischer, Laurie N. Pritchard; and brother, John C. Pritchard. 
community, the Tampa Bay community, and our culinary and charitable communities throughout Florida lost a treasure with the passing of chef Tom Pritchard. 
I urge my colleagues to join me in remembering his contributions and his legacy of helping others and serving our Nation. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I rise today to salute the remarkable young men of Chicago’s Wendell Phillips Academy High School football program, their parents, administrators, coaches, and teachers. 
against Belleville’s Althoff High School, the Wildcats won the 4A title for Public League’s first football State crown since the playoffs began in 1974, completing an amazing 13–0 season. The 51 points scored by Phillips set a State title game record. 
performances by a host of Wildcat players, including senior quarterback Quayvon Skanes, who rushed for 141 yards and four touchdowns on 13 carries, passed for an additional 44 yards 
and another touchdown—just to prove that he could throw the ball. Quayvon is headed to the University of Connecticut next year. 
Other thrilling performances included Kamari Mosby, who ran for 151 yards and a score; Qadeer Weatherly, who pulled in Quayvon’s pass for a 36 yard touchdown; Amir Watts, who returned an Althoff fumble for a 19yard score; and a 21yard field goal by Isaac Osei to demonstrate the Wildcats’ comprehensive offense. 
second largest in the Chicago Public Schools, is a study of the potential and the problems of urban education. With more than 90 student athletes, the varsity team is led by 19 seniors, all of whom are on track to graduate. 
Chicago Tribune, Phillips’ Coach Troy McAllister noted: ‘‘When we go to practice, we go with footballs. There are no sleds, no chutes, no kicking nets, nothing like that. It goes to what our coaches have done and what these young men can do. 
Everywhere else it is 10 to 14. That makes a huge difference, but these young men have bought into what we are trying to accomplish, and they have done something that nobody else has done.’’ 
These young men are not just athletes. They are also proud scholars and are members of a school which last year saw 100 percent of its seniors accepted to college, with more than $5 million in scholarships. 
In his aftergame interview, Principal Matt Sullivan summed it all up. He said: ‘‘It is fantastic. We want to be the beacon, the shining beacon in the Bronzeville community.’’ 
thrilled and delighted by the performance of this team. I offer my congratulations to their parents, administrators, coaches, and teachers for going above and beyond the call of duty. I extend my congratulations to each and every one of those young men and wish for them continued success in everything they set out to do in the years to come. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. ROSKAM ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. ROSKAM. Mr. Speaker, yesterday, I introduced H. Con. Res. 100, a bipartisan resolution that reaffirms the rights of the 50 States to maintain economic sanctions against Iran. 
The Iran Sanctions Act of 2010 encourages and authorizes States to maintain such sanctions, which play a powerful role in preventing U.S. dollars from funding Iran’s illicit activity, including its support for terrorism, 
have imposed sanctions against Iran. Both Democrats and Republicans have worked at the State and local level to enact laws to ensure that State assets are not invested in and State contracts are not awarded to companies that do business with Iran. 
As long as Iran continues its outrageous activity abroad, it is our right and it is our duty to make sure that we are not complicit in funding its terrorism, its human rights abuses, and its other activity that is contrary to the U.S. national interests and global stability. 
some confusion about State sanctions that are authorized under the socalled Iran deal of this year. This legislation clarifies, it puts an exclamation point, and it reaffirms the legal right of States to maintain these sanctions as enacted into law under the 2010 statute until Iran ends its support of terrorism and reverses its abhorrent human rights violations. 
Please join my colleagues Representative TEDDEUTCH of Florida, Representative D ANLIPINSKI of Illinois, 
Representative M IKEPOMPEO of Kansas, Representative B RAD SHERMAN of 
this effort to ensure that the right of States to maintain these important sanctions against Iran prevails. 
right and this authority from preventing their resources from funding Iranian terrorism and human rights abuses. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
week, I had the pleasure of taking part in Monte’s March, an annual hunger walk in western Massachusetts. The march started in 2010 and is named after its founder, Monte Belmonte, a local activist and WRSI The River radio host in Northampton. 
43 miles across western Massachusetts, from Springfield to Northampton to Greenfield, to raise awareness about the very real problem of hunger in our communities and help families in need this holiday season. 
us this year, led by Monte, and including Andrew Morehouse, the executive director of the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts Amherst Chancellor Kumble Subbaswamy, Northwestern District Attorney David Sullivan, and a host of other local officials and community members. 
I want to say a special thanks to my 
colleagues Congressmen RICHIE NEAL and J OEKENNEDY for joining us along 
the way and helping to support those in need. 
Sean Barry of Four Seasons Liquor in Hadley, Erika Cooper of Tea Guys in Whately, Ben Clark of Clarkdale Fruit Farm in Deerfield, Natalie Blais of UMass Amherst, Steve Fendel from Gill, Marty Dagoberto, Dan Finn from Pioneer Valley Local First, Chia Collins from Northampton, Kristen Elechko, Georgian and Rick Kristek, and many, many, many more. 
me because my son, Patrick, walked the entire route with us both days. 
Americans struggle with hunger, including 15.3 million children. We live in the richest country on Earth and have greater access to food than any previous generation, so the fact that hunger continues to be so widespread in America is absolutely stunning. 
do something about it. This year’s walk was the longest and biggest effort yet. 
Bright and early last Monday morning, our group of walkers began our march in the Mason Square neighborhood of Springfield. The Mason Square neighborhood is one of those communities in western Massachusetts most in need, with so many families living in poverty and facing food hardship. In fact, childhood poverty rates have been as high as 59 percent in this area alone. 
For these families, overcoming hunger is especially challenging because the neighborhood is a ‘‘food desert,’’ an area where affordable and healthy food, like fresh fruits and vegetables, are hard to come by. With no fullline supermarket within walking distance for residents to purchase food at affordable prices, we wanted to make sure that the Mason Square neighborhood was front and center in this year’s march. 
thank the Mason Square Health Task Force for their tireless efforts to address hunger and to show our deep appreciation to local feeding programs like St. John’s Congregation Church. 
We then marched through Springfield, Chicopee, and Holyoke before finishing day one in Northampton. Seventeen miles were behind us, with day two still to go. 
walking through Northampton, then Hadley, and then Amherst, where we stopped at the Amherst Survival Center. 
amazing place. Since 1976, they have welcomed everyone who has come through their doors with open arms and a kind word. They help those who are struggling to meet their basic needs. All of their services are free. They run a food pantry, community meal program, dropin health clinic, jobreadiness workshops and job fairs, and a host of other important programs. After our brief visit, it was back to 
the pavement, through Sunderland and Deerfield, before finally ending in Greenfield. 
We walked a total of 26 miles on day 
two. Along the way, we felt the incredible support of the western Massachusetts community. People stopped us along the way to add canned food and other donations to our shopping cart. They came out of their homes and their businesses and schools, or they stopped their cars along the side of the road to offer words of encouragement. 
than $150,000 for The Food Bank of Western Massachusetts, which distributes hundreds of thousands of pounds of food throughout the emergency feeding network in the region. 
sore and tired, but we were exhilarated by people’s generosity and support. When you add it all up, the outpouring of donations and support from our community will help provide more than 450,000 meals to families in need. 
solvable problem. We just need to muster the political will to help more communities like these in Massachusetts and across the country. 
district in the United States where hunger isn’t an issue affecting the daily lives of kids, families, seniors, or veterans. We all have a stake in this, and with strong grassroots support from communities in all 50 States, just like the ones we visited over 2 days, we have the power to make a real difference and help the 48 million Americans struggling with hunger. 
Mr. Speaker, during this holiday season, I urge my colleagues and all Americans to remember those who are struggling with hunger. They are our neighbors or colleagues and our friends. 
I want to thank everyone who supported this year’s Monte’s March and especially want to thank the incredible community partners on the ground for their tireless efforts day in and day out. You inspire us, and we thank you for your service. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Fixing America’s Surface Transportation Act, or FAST Act. This critical legislation will provide 5 years of fully paidfor transportation projects across the Nation to repair our aging infrastructure. 
The FAST Act makes important reforms to highway and vehicle safety 
and expands public transportation to make Federal investment more costeffective. It also expands funding available for bridges and roads. 
this bill was done through the regular order process, with transparent amendments considered and all Members having their say. 
I would like to highlight several initiatives that are important to my south Florida congressional district included in the FAST Act. 
that I offered with Representative TITUS to protect our seniors and pedestrians in congested traffic areas. While total traffic crash fatalities are down nearly 25 percent in the last decade, pedestrian deaths are up, hurting children and the elderly most. 
to adopt safe and adequate accommodation standards for roadways and sidewalks when developing future Federal projects. 
Also included in the FAST Act is robust funding levels for University Transportation Center programs, with muchwelcomed increases over the next 5 years. 
across the country participate in the UTC program, conducting critical research to develop future transportation technologies. Florida International University, in my district, is a world recognized leader in accelerated bridge construction, and I am proud to advocate for them and all the UTCs here in Congress. 
that was similar to this language and appreciate all the bipartisan support UTCs have received. 
Lastly, I would like to thank Chairman GIBBS and Ranking Member 
NAPOLITANO for their work in the creation of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act, or WIFIA, in last year’s WRRDA legislation. This is a perfect example of good government and will be truly revolutionary in addressing the dire water infrastructure needs throughout the country. 
of the 10 largest water and sewer departments in the Nation, that services 2.3 million people daily. The 14,000 miles of pipeline date back more than 40 years, and repairs are muchneeded. 
to the WIFIA program to allow for the use of taxexempt municipal bonds in these infrastructure projects. Earlier in the year, I introduced a bill with bipartisan support that proposed this fix, and I am grateful it was included in the FAST Act to allow local governments the tools necessary to repair our water systems. 
Lastly, I would like to thank Chairman SHUSTER and Ranking Member 
for all of their hard work in crafting this important legislation. This final product embodies the essence of bipartisanship, and I am proud to serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. 
the FAST Act to strengthen our Nation’s transportation networks. I know my neighbors in south Florida, especially those living in Kendall and South Dade, will be very grateful. SEVENTH ANNUAL SOUTHEAST FLORIDA  
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to give accolades to Monroe County and the city of Key West for holding their Seventh Annual Southeast Florida Regional Climate Leadership Summit. 
forum for people to come together and discuss the importance of mitigating the effects of climate change. I thank them for their continued efforts and for being leaders on this critical issue that warrants serious attention. 
are a contributing factor to climate change and that our years of living irresponsibly have caught up with us, leaving a blemish on our planet. They have dedicated time to making a positive impact on our world, and I applaud them for their valiant and enduring efforts to see this task through. 
summit in beautiful Key West, thank you for your efforts to make the world a better place. I am confident that if we work together we can do right by future generations and leave them a cleaner, more beautiful planet. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize a student in Homestead, Florida, Mr. Nelson Sobrino, and congratulate him on his recent election as student council president of Somerset City Arts Conservatory. 
ran on a platform of adding additional school spirit days and helping the less fortunate with food during the holiday season. 
to success at such a young age has a lot to admire. In first grade, he was diagnosed with autism. However, Nelson has overcome difficult odds and has not only been a very successful student academically, winning awards like ‘‘Reading Plus’’ for Webbased comprehension program, but has excelled socially as well. 
His teachers, parents, and fellow students have been a tremendous support network and have greatly contributed to President Nelson’s success. 
So, President Nelson, I proudly recognize your leadership of the student body of Somerset City Arts and look forward to visiting with you soon. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) for 5 minutes. 
today, the world leaders, more than 100, are gathered in Paris to talk about an existential threat to all of us. This is not just the Syria issue, it is not just Iraq, it is not just terrorism, but it is about this planet’s ability to continue to sustain life as we know it. It is about climate change. Here in Washington, it is as though it 
is a different universe, not the universe in which we live, but a completely different one. 
cover this issue today of climate change. Let’s start with the underlying problem, the emission of carbon into our atmosphere. 
years, the atmospheric carbon has remained below 300 parts per million. This little spike here at the end—this year we reached 400 parts per million, and the consensus of scientists around the world is that this level of carbon will significantly increase the ambient air temperature of the world and the temperatures of the ocean, having a profound effect on the world’s ability to sustain itself, like the production of food. 
are going to be the hottest ever recorded in recent centuries. What does that mean? Well, it means that the ice in Greenland is rapidly melting, as it is in the Arctic Ocean as well as Antarctic. Sea levels are rising and will continue to rise both because of the melting ice and the warmer temperature of the ocean, which causes the water to expand. 
All of this is a serious problem for us 
if we care about the production of food and if we care about our ability to survive. Here in Washington, yesterday, on the floor of this House of Representatives, it was a different universe. 
live. It was not the planet on which we live. It was some very, very strange place, because yesterday the majority in the House of Representatives passed two pieces of legislation that would wipe out the Clean Power Act, an effort by the administration to reduce the production of coal energy here in the United States. 
Now, there is a problem in the rest of 
the world with the use of coal, and we still have that problem here in the United States. 
there was a picture of Beijing, China. You couldn’t even see across the street. The article goes on to say that it is principally from the production of coal. 
the United States—and we have been at this for many years, reducing the effect of coal and the production of coal both in terms of pollution as well as in terms of its carbon emissions—the House of Representatives, the majority party, yesterday voted to take not a step, but to take a whole mile backwards and eliminate the ability and the effort of this Nation to continue to reduce our consumption of coal and the pollution that is caused from there. 
today, maybe tomorrow, we will be taking up H.R. 8, a bill that would again turn us away from the world 
take a mighty step back into the last century. H.R. 8 is said to be energy security. Well, it is the security of the coal and oil industry to be sure, but not the security of our Nation’s ability to survive in a climatechanged environment. 
It does, in fact, increase the production and the use of coal. It does, in fact, allow for the export of oil. We want to be energy independent, but this legislation would allow the export of oil without any regulation at all and without any consideration for the American economy or the American automobile user. 
here. We ought to recognize, as 120 leaders in Paris are recognizing today, that we have a serious climate problem. We must address it not with the policies that we are seeing here on the floor of the House of Representatives this week, in complete denial of what is happening around the world. 
Mr. Speaker, it is time for us to wake 
up. It is time for us to be aware of what is happening. 
35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE MARTYRDOM OF SR. DOROTHY KAZEL, JEAN DONOVAN, SR. ITA FORD, AND SR. MAURA CLARKE 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ) for 5 minutes. 
with great solemnity and gratitude, today I wish to honor four gracefilled women. Each of them were called to live their faith in the nation that bears their Savior’s name. Each worked tirelessly to bring hope, healing, and joy to the poor of El Salvador. Each were bound together in tragedy on December 2, 1980. 
Maura Clarke, Ursuline Sister Dorothy Kazel, and a young woman named Jean Donovan each traveled different paths to El Salvador. In the words of Sister Dorothy, they were united by a powerful sense of responsibility to ‘‘spread the Gospel to people who needed help.’’ 
They sought to bring peace and comfort to vulnerable persons caught in a maelstrom of political turmoil on the 
cusp of a brutal 12year civil war that followed the 1980 murder of newly beatified Archbishop Oscar Romero, who was killed by an assassin’s bullet as he said Mass. 
Jean had each joined a mission team from the diocese of Cleveland, Ohio. Together they worked to ferry food and medical supplies to the sick and wounded, in whom they saw the face of Christ. 
postponed her marriage to test a call to religious life. Jean Donovan wanted to get closer to Christ in the poor, though her friends hoped that she would leave El Salvador. Reunited with her fiance briefly to 
attend a friend’s wedding in Ireland, Jean actually chose to stay in El Salvador a little bit longer. She was drawn by the beauty and warmth of the Salvadoran people. 
from New York and born nearly 10 years apart, had each sought a life of service through the Maryknoll religious sisters. Their paths led through Chile and Nicaragua, respectively, and ultimately to El Salvador, where they each responded to Archbishop Romero’s call, a plea for help. 
‘‘her twinkling eyes and her elfin grin would surface irrepressibly, even in the midst of poverty and sorrow.’’ Sister Maura, for her part, ‘‘was outstanding in her generosity, always saw the good in others, and could always make those whose lives she touched feel loved.’’ 
could have left. Instead, they remained in El Salvador to be faithful. Sister Maura said, ‘‘There is a real peace here in spite of many frustrations and the terror around us. God is very present in His seeming absence.’’ 
poor and homeless, whose difficulties were compounded by the counterinsurgency that indiscriminately leveled many innocent lives in its crossfire. 
pondering the essence and meaning of things, trying to figure out my own pathway, I heard the news of these women’s deaths. The rape and murder of these selfless women greatly disturbed me. I remember going to Mass and, overcoming my own hesitancy, offered a prayer for them during the community’s Prayer of the Faithful. 
women to fly into the eye of the hurricane—because they could not bear to see vulnerable people suffer without recourse, without help—profoundly affected me and remains a part of my life today. 
House of Representatives, I am honored to laud the example of these exceptional heroines. Having met with members of El Salvador’s congress, I have witnessed firsthand now the work of reconciliation that is going on, the healing of lives haunted by painful memories. 
When I first learned about the decadeslong outpouring of love in service, vigils, prayers, and charitable programs that were inspired by the example of these courageous women, I felt moved to actually take some small part in these celebrations, thus this talk today. 
my fervent hope that responsible nations throughout this hemisphere will see in the lives of these martyrs of El Salvador a path to genuine prosperity. We can honor them fittingly by embracing the truly needy with integrity, peace, and justice, in genuine mutual solidarity as they live their lives. HONORING KENTUCKY GOVERNOR 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. YARMUTH ) for 5 minutes. 
today to honor the 61st Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, Steve Beshear, whose tenure as Governor comes to a close this week. 
Of his many significant accomplishments, none came easily or by happenstance. In fact, national basketball championships for both the Universities of Louisville and Kentucky notwithstanding, it is tough to think of a less enviable time to walk into the Governor’s mansion. 
global economy imploded, creating the worst economic crisis in our lifetimes and leading to unemployment as high as 10.7 percent. The health of our State was dismal, with one in five Kentucky adults carrying no health insurance. Mother Nature didn’t do him any favors either. During one 11month span, three presidential disaster declarations were issued for Louisville alone. 
Governor to face those challenges is an understatement. To say you want Steve Beshear to be your Governor addressing those challenges, well, that is just common sense. 
Our recovery didn’t just happen during the tenure of Steve Beshear. It happened because of Steve Beshear. Because we had a Governor who wasn’t concerned with what was popular or politically savvy, he was committed to doing what needed to be done. 
style austerity and instead invested in our Commonwealth—in our people, our infrastructure, and our education—giving Kentucky’s economy an immediate jolt and keeping our communities and workforce competitive for the long haul. 
Today unemployment is half of what it was during the Great Recession, under 5 percent for the first time since 2001. Site Selection magazine says there is no better State in the Nation for economic development. 
like never before, $3.7 billion in investment announced just last year. Kentucky is doing business like never before, with exports of $27.5 billion last year, four times the national average. 
haven’t done in a long time. When I say our infrastructure was crumbling, it is not hyperbole. Bridges were literally falling down. Now they are going up. Leaders have been talking about the need for a new Ohio River bridge in Louisville for nearly 50 years. 
the talk. He walks the walk. I will be proud to walk with him across the first of two new Ohio River bridges for the first time this weekend. 
But it is his stands that he will be 
him, Steve will tell you he is just doing 
what is right. But that takes courage. Thankfully, Kentucky’s Governor has had no shortage of that. 
He reinstated an executive order prohibiting LGBT discrimination against government workers, made Kentucky the first State in the Nation to adopt Common Core and the second to adopt New Generation Science Standards. 
When it came to medical care, he absolutely refused to play politics with the health of his State. He expanded Medicaid and led the creation of the Nation’s most successful health exchange, Kynect, and reduced the number of Kentuckians without health insurance from 20.4 percent to 9 percent, the best improvement in the Nation. 
rate dropped 81 percent. For the first time, quality, affordable health insurance is a reality for hundreds of thousands of Kentuckians. It is thanks to Steve Beshear. 
the people of Kentucky since long before he was a Governor, and he never did it alone. Throughout his decades of public service, he has depended on the strength of another great Kentucky leader, his wife and our first lady, Jane Beshear. 
be Steve and Jane’s ally these past 8 years and I have been lucky to have them as mine as we worked to revitalize Louisville’s manufacturing sector, address our community’s infrastructure needs, and make sure Kentucky children, veterans, and working families are taken care of. 
I have had the honor of calling Steve Beshear my Attorney General, my Lieutenant Governor, and now my Governor. But, above all, I have been most proud to call him my friend. 
Governor Beshear noted that the path of progress in Kentucky ‘‘will involve new thinking and new ideas. It will require cooperation and patience. And it will demand courage.’’ 
those new ideas, you promoted cooperation and patience, and you had the courage not only to serve, but to serve us well. I wish you the very best as you leave public service. 
Beshear, and your devoted staff for doing the right thing on behalf of the people of the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
more prosperous, and a far healthier place because of the dedication and the work of our Governor Steve Beshear. 
THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT MUST BE REAUTHORIZED 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD) for 5 minutes. 
to urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the Every Student Succeeds Act, which 
to rectifying the problems that were created by No Child Left Behind. We have seen 14 years now of Federal encroachment on local schools, onesize fitsall testing, and local school districts that are not allowed to apply local solutions to local problems. 
that is coming to the floor later today will fix these problems. The bill will streamline the annual assessment process and will ensure that our teachers are not required to teach only the material that will be on these tests. It will remove the high stakes from these assessments and will ensure that school districts have the local control over the assessment process. 
States to develop their own academic content and achievement standards that are designed to suit the needs of their students. Teachers and administrators will be given the freedom to truly educate their students and will be able to innovate and develop real solutions to their problems without fear of a bureaucrat in Washington looking over their shoulder. 
of this bill, I must say that I am disappointed that the final version to come out of conference did not include the text of an amendment that I offered that was adopted in H.R. 5, the Student Success Act. 
States from requiring school districts to divert Federal education dollars away from the classroom and into State pension funds to pay off unfunded liabilities of the past. 
State government is presently requiring school districts that choose to use Federal education dollars to pay teacher salaries to divert over onethird of their Federal education dollars to the State’s Teachers’ Retirement System to cover past financial mismanagement. This amounts to a Federal bailout of State pension programs at the expense of schools and education. Mr. Speaker, this only happens in Illinois. 
District of Illinois? In 2014, Wheeling Community Consolidated School District 21 had to send over $140,000 to the State to cover past pension obligations. That is 35 percent of the $400,000 of total Federal dollars that came to Wheeling that Wheeling spent on teachers. If Wheeling had only had to pay the normal pension cost, the current pension obligation, it would have had to have contributed $32,000. That means that Wheeling was forced to divert over $100,000 to the pension system to cover past pension obligations at the expense of teachers in the classroom. At $40,000 per year, this would have enabled them to hire an additional 2
1⁄2 teachers that could have been educating our children, reducing classroom sizes, and making each of our students receive the individual attention that they need to succeed. 
even worse. Waukegan spent $2.6 million in Federal education dollars on teachers and was forced to divert over $900,000 annually to the State to cover past pension obligations. If the Dold amendment had been law, Waukegan would have had an additional $700,000 to hire more teachers, or in the case of District 60, they would have been able to offer fullday kindergarten. That makes an enormous difference in children’s lives—and parents’ lives for that matter. 
not require the same kind of contribution when teacher salaries are paid with State or local dollars, this policy is taking away Federal education dollars from our neediest and most vulnerable children, precisely the students that the ESEA was intended to help. 
have fixed this problem once and for all and would have ensured that education dollars intended for the students of Wheeling and Waukegan and everywhere else where Federal dollars can make a real difference in our children’s lives would have actually gone to help these students. 
and will continue to work with my colleagues to make sure that the Federal dollars that are given to school districts are not diverted away from the neediest to cover up financial mistakes of the past. 
Act is by no means a perfect bill, but it is a significant upgrade and a step forward that goes a long way toward fixing the problems posed by No Child Left Behind. 
bill and ensure that our children’s getting the education they deserve is something that we can all count on. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SHIMKUS ) for 5 minutes. 
hear talk of bills on the floor and international climate meetings with the world community, I want to bring to my colleagues’ attention and to you, Mr. Speaker, the real destruction that is going on in the fossil fuel areas of our Nation, one that I represent, the Illinois coal basin. 
of a town named Galatia in two articles from the paper called The Southern. In a November 5 article, he basically says: ‘‘Without the coal mines, we are going to be in dire straits. That’s all there is to it.’’ 
have come to the floor numerous times to talk about, and you actually heard 
coal, the intent by this administration to take coal out of the portfolio of electricity generation—and, really, any other fossil fuel they can get their hands on, whether it be crude oil or whether they will then move to natural gas. 
Later on, the mayor, in another article from the same paper, on November 12, says because the New Era Mine in Galatia is now going to close, this closure, ‘‘‘It impacts everybody,’ said David Harrawood, the village’s mayor. ‘It doesn’t just impact coal miners. It impacts trucking businesses, the stores, all their vendors. It’s not just one segment. Down here, we’re all tied together.’’’ 
So that is the human toll of the war 
on coal. The human toll is lost jobs, lost benefits, bankruptcies, which then creates a risk to the promised pension payments to the retirees. It becomes a loss of revenue to the taxing districts, to the counties, to the villages, to the first line responders, support for our schools. It dries up the ability for the local grocery store to operate, the local hardware store, and it is, as the mayor has said, devastating to southern Illinois. 
Now, when you hear the debate internationally, it is carbon dioxide, CO2. In 
fact, I always talk in the committee about thenSenator Obama and his quote to the San Francisco Chronicle, when he was interviewed by the editorial board, when he was asked about climate and his plan, and here is his quote. You can YouTube it. It is easily accessible. ‘‘So if somebody wants to build a coalpowered plant, they can; It’s just that it will bankrupt them.’’ 
That has been the plan in the first 4 years of his administration, and that is what he is striving to do, pushing with all his force to not only do here in the United States, but do in an international venue. He is being successful, as we find out in the announcement of the closure of the mine in Galatia. 
The total number of coal mines opening each year has fallen to its lowest point in at least a decade. The total number of operating coal mines has hit its lowest point on record, according to the Energy Information Administration, which has records back to 1923. At the beginning of the Obama administration, over half the Nation’s electricity came from coal. That number is down to 38 percent as of 2014. 
Now remember, coal is the most efficient, the cheapest source of electricity generation and creates a baseload capacity that is very critical to keep the lights on. If you lose the baseload generation and you rely on renewables, you really do risk keeping the lights on, and you assure the Nation of higher costs of electricity. 
So that is the war on coal, and that 
is kind of where we are right now with the administration. 
floor of the House? What have we done? Well, fortunately, yesterday we took a 
parliamentary procedure and a process called the Congressional Review Act to address the ability of the administration to try to promulgate regulations without the authority of Congress. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
wisdom, patience, peace, and understanding for the Members of this people’s House. 
and the courage of true leadership to work toward a common solution to the many issues facing our Nation. 
they find the fortitude to make judgments to benefit all Americans at this time and those generations to come. 
May all that is done this day be for 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
from Illinois (Mr. Q UIGLEY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. QUIGLEY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
ago, this body avoided a government shutdown by passing the Bipartisan Budget Act. Now we have to pass an omnibus. 
Unfortunately, many of our appropriations bills contain divisive policy riders that threaten to create another partisan standoff. There is an appropriate time and place to debate these provisions: in the authorizing committees. 
learned nothing from the brinksmanship that almost led to a government shutdown. It is hard enough to pass these measures without these divisive, controversial riders. We need to put the unnecessary fighting behind us. 
The Bipartisan Budget Act represents a chance for us to return to reasonable compromises and regular order. I call upon my colleagues to follow up on that accomplishment and pass a clean omnibus package. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, last Saturday marked the fifth annual Small Business Saturday, a day when we recognize the importance of local businesses by shopping at these community businesses. 
meaningful to small businesses in South Carolina, many of which were recovering from the tragic thousand year flood in October. 
to protect these vital job creators from excessive taxes and regulations. 
I am grateful to the National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, along with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, encouraged by the South Carolina Chamber of Commerce, led by Ted Pitts, as well as local Chambers of Blythewood, Chapin, Greater Columbia, Greater Irmo, CayceWest Columbia, Lake Murray, Lexington, BatesburgLeesville, Greater Aiken, Barnwell, Orangeburg, Midland Valley, and North Augusta, for their support of small business across the Second District of South Carolina. 
and may the President, by his actions, never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Mr. Speaker, the Department of Defense transfers a veteran’s service record to the National Archives 62 years after they are discharged from the military. 
requested—to determine eligibility for a medal, to research one’s medical history, or to request a change in discharge status. 
records to veterans for free, but once the records are sent to the Archives, veterans are charged $25 to $75 for a copy of their file. 
that a veteran should have to pay the government for proof of their sacrifice and service. What is more, this fee is levied on veterans who are most likely living on a fixed income. 
This fee is unnecessary and inexcusable, and I ask my colleagues to support legislation that I am introducing today to eliminate it. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
with great sadness and a heavy heart that I rise today to honor and remember 18yearold Ezra Schwartz, a Massachusetts teenager whose life was tragically taken in Israel last month. Ezra was spending his gap year studying at a yeshiva in Israel and was one of the three people shot and killed last week by a Palestinian terrorist. 
The continued violent attacks targeting Israeli civilians are, without qualification or exception, acts of terror and deserve full condemnation. Attacks on innocent civilians, whether they are American, Israeli, or Palestinian, have zero justification, and our response to such terrorism cannot be 
friends and family of Ezra, and we honor those whose lives have been lost by such hateful actions. 
Mr. Speaker, please join me in remembering the young life of Ezra Schwartz. 
Friday, a Planned Parenthood clinic in Colorado Springs became the target of the 351st mass shooting in the United States this year. 
veteran, a mother of two, and a local police officer. They are now among the more than 12,000 Americans who have died in gunrelated incidents since the start of the year. 
reported to have used a semiautomatic, AK–47style firearm, an assault weapon that has its origins in Stalin’s Soviet Army. 
weapons of war, not tools for selfdefense. They serve no purpose other than to kill. And we can no longer permit the proliferation of and easy access to these weapons in the United States. 
will be introducing legislation that reauthorizes the Assault Weapons Ban. During the 10 years this ban was in effect, localities reported as much as a 72percent decline in gun crimes involving assault weapons. 
support a ban on the purchase of semiautomatic and assault weapons. The only thing that stands in the way is Congress’ failure to act. The time for action is now. 
(Mr. JOLLY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to honor and recognize a Floridian who has spent the last two decades making sure our veterans and their heroic acts are never forgotten. 
I rise today to commend John J. Piazza, Sr., the founder and president of the Armed Forces Military Museum in Largo, Florida. 
from 1955 to 1960 in the U.S. Marine Corps and the Marine Corps Reserve. 
Military Museum, exhibiting a personal collection assembled into a mobile museum, with heavy equipment displayed at schools, community events, and the Florida State Fair. But, in 2008, he was able to fulfill his 
dream of opening a permanent home for great military memorabilia, vehicles, and equipment, both his own and those donated by those who have served. 
Mr. Speaker, today, Mr. Piazza celebrates his birthday, and I urge my colleagues to not only join me in sending him very best wishes but to thank John for his lifelong dedication to honoring the American heroes who have served our Nation and for helping educate the young men and women who today have the opportunity to learn about valor and sacrifice and our Armed Forces in Largo, Florida. 
rise to urge my colleagues to support the Displaced Jobs Relief Act of 2015, a bill I introduced yesterday to help small businesses that have been hurt by foreign competition. 
fights back from the Great Recession, we need to make sure that we use every tool available to help our small businesses recover. 
blows in the past decade, both from our weakened economy and from our flawed trade agreements. International trade plays an important role in our economy, but history has taught us that not all agreements are fair. Sometimes they take a toll on local businesses that don’t have the ability to handle unfair foreign competition. 
Trade Adjustment Assistance has played a crucial role in retraining and placing Americans in goodpaying jobs for generations. If we increase the availability of funds, we can help protect hardworking Americans from losing business to unfair competition overseas. 
My bill would increase the authorization for TAA for businesses up to $50 million for each fiscal year, beginning in 2016 and running through 2021. 
Historically, these programs have always authorized $50 million a year, and, in fiscal year 2011, House Republicans cut the levels to $16 million, barely 30 percent of what funding was. 
can help businesses in the Inland Empire and across the Nation, and I urge my colleagues to support me and the Displaced Jobs Relief Act for 2015 for the sake of American workers and businesses. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember Chatham County Sheriff Al St. Lawrence. 
died after a long fight with cancer. He was 81 years old. He was a dedicated law enforcement professional for Chatham County for over 50 years, 23 of those years spent as sheriff. 
the Chatham County Police Department in 1959, after leaving the service. He was appointed to the State Peace Officers Standards and Training Council twice. He was named Police Chief of the Year three times during his tenure. 
being reelected five times. In his 20 years as sheriff, he oversaw numerous changes to the department, including the construction of a new jail. 
and a mentor. He was a man of few words and believed in personal responsibility. He loved the Sheriff’s Department, and he loved the people that worked there. 
for years of service to his country and to the Chatham County Sheriff Department. We should all strive to achieve the success and admiration that Sheriff St. Lawrence achieved through his years of service. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
seen an uproar over the death of Laquan McDonald, and rightfully so. But, sadly, the injustice for Laquan goes much deeper. 
tragedy in his short life than anyone should have to bear. As a child, Laquan was abused at home. He was then handed over to the Department of Children and Family Services, where he was sexually molested, not just once but in two different foster homes. 
times by an onduty police officer. Even after death, the injustice continued. It took 400 days before the officer who shot Laquan faced charges. 
my colleagues that Black lives matter, that Laquan McDonald’s life matters, and justice matters. We should all be working to ensure that Laquan gets the justice that he has been denied for so long and to end the cycle of poverty, abuse, and injustice that shaped his life. 
today to continue to lead the fight to repeal the medical device tax. This is a 
tax on revenue rather than profit. It leads to some of the highest corporate tax rates in the world and creates undue harm to an industry that not only creates jobs, but also improves our health and wellbeing. 
NuMed, employs over 80 people and produces stents and other vascular equipment. The medical device tax prevents NuMed from increasing their budget on research and development by 15 percent. 
my district, employs 950 people and creates more than 100 different medical devices, including the AngioVac System used to treat blood clots. Recently, one of their executives said, ‘‘The $1 million that AngioDynamics pays in Federal excise taxes on medical device company revenues could instead be used to employ another 10 to 15 people.’’ 
Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan budget agreement signed into law last month helped to avert another manufactured political crisis here in Washington. But our work is not done. If we don’t pass a spending bill before December 11, working Americans and seniors will face another dangerous government shutdown. 
Sadly, Mr. Speaker, Republican leadership continues to threaten this process over radical policy riders like defunding Planned Parenthood. Unfortunately, in his first press conference, the new Speaker could not rule out another Republican government shutdown. 
national security, we need to set politics aside. Some things in this House have to be exempt from political gamesmanship, and we would certainly think that keeping government open and functioning would be one of the things that we take out of the political conversation. 
want us to do our job. Our job is to make sure that this government runs, and we can’t do that if we continue to use politics and the threat of a government shutdown to achieve what can’t be achieved through the normal legislative process. 
today to honor one of Wayne County, New York’s most dedicated public servants, Jim Hoffman, and to send him off on a welldeserved retirement. 
Jim’s esteemed career in public service began when he enlisted in the U.S. Navy as a young man. It continued with his 30 years with the New York State Police, five terms serving as town supervisor in Williamson and 10 years as chairman of the Wayne County Board of Supervisors. 
Jim has faithfully served the constituents in the Town of Williamson and all of Wayne County. Under his leadership, Wayne County is certainly a better place to live. He has lowered taxes in Williamson, kept taxes stable across the county, supported our region’s vast community of growers and farmers, emerged as a leader in the fight against Plan 2014, and made the Town of Williamson the first in all of New York State to function 100 percent on solar power. 
There is no question that Jim’s lifetime of service deserves recognition. He has been a great friend, mentor, and confidant throughout my time representing the people of the 24th Congressional District in the House of Representatives. I am so very appreciative for all that he has done for me and for our community. 
long and distinguished career. Enjoy your retirement with your children and grandchildren. God bless you. 
rise to discuss our country’s ongoing efforts in Afghanistan. 
to join five of our other colleagues from the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee for a trip to spend the holiday with our outstanding service men and women in Kabul, Kandahar, and Bagram Air Force base. 
briefings from senior military, State Department, and intelligence officials. We heard about the multitude of challenges facing the young democracy in Afghanistan, ranging from hard security challenges emanating from the Taliban, al Qaeda, and even ISIL, to societal challenges in a country with 92 percent illiteracy. 
fight with just over 9,800 American troops remaining in the country. However, the threat of international terrorism and the need to ensure that the country never again becomes a haven for those seeking to target the United States means that we will need to have a presence in Afghanistan for some time to come. 
dedication of the men and women in uniform who continue to demonstrate their commitment to our mission. I was also encouraged by the resolve 
Ashraf Ghani to reduce corruption and rebuild the economy. 
many challenges in the years ahead. But with the help of the United States of America, the international community, the tenacity of the Afghan leaders, and some good luck, the Afghan people can hope for peace and greater prosperity in the future. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, bullet holes are still visible in the walls of cafes, and the graves are fresh for those lives that were stolen by ISIS fighters in the streets of Paris. Meanwhile, the President is in Paris talking about his priority—the real threat—climate change. 
unwilling to defeat ISIS, it has been front and center in the war on climate change. Former CIA Director Mike Morrell said: ‘‘And we didn’t go after oil wells—actually hitting oil wells that ISIS controls because we didn’t want to do environmental damage. . . .’’ 
threat to the environment is more serious to him than the threat of ISIS terrorism. 
Mr. Speaker, oil funds ISIS’ murderous reign of terror, but the President’s new limited war doctrine has one rule of engagement: no climate casualties. 
rain down over the ISIS war chest. Stop the flow of the blood oil. Not one more life should be lost because of a negligent and backwards strategy of a limited war based on climate change, an environmentalwaged war that promotes not harming the environment over harming people. 
(Ms. ESTY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
this House rose once again to observe a moment of silence for victims of gun violence, this time for the police officer, the veteran, and the mother of two who were gunned down in Colorado Springs nearly 3 years after 20 schoolchildren and 6 brave educators were shot to death at Sandy Hook Elementary School in my district. It is time for moments of silence to end. It is time for action. 
that deserves this House to take action now. That is why we should establish a select committee on gun violence prevention. We are all understandably concerned 
about terrorism; yet, this House just yesterday blocked action to prevent 
terrorists, those on the Terrorist Watchlist, from acquiring deadly weapons to kill Americans. 
to truly honor victims of gun violence. I invite my colleagues to join us next week for the 3rd Annual National Vigil to Prevent Gun Violence on Wednesday, December 9. The vigil will be held at St. Mark’s Church on Capitol Hill. 
the families and the victims of gun violence from my district and across the country. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, to realize their American Dream, many Minnesotans rely on access to financial products like business loans and mortgages. Not only do these financial instruments benefit individuals and families, but they help build healthy communities. 
urban areas, outdated regulations threaten the ability of our community banks to offer these important financial products. 
that will address this problem. H.R. 4116 allows certain community banks to trade large bank deposits over a secure network. 
business with local community banks while still maintaining FDIC insurance instead of seeing important and necessary financial capital that could be used for local projects, purchases, and investment leave local communities. 
for Minnesota. And please forgive my bias, but I happen to believe what is good for Minnesota is good for our country. 
Mr. ELLISON. Mr. Speaker, Republicans are willing to shut down government in a battle to protect riders that hurt workingclass Americans. 
During these budget and appropriation debates, Republicans have fought tooth and nail to cut investments in important programs for working families, yet they are willing to spend billions on tax expenditures for wealthy corporations. 
want to add riders that gut consumer protections, labor rights, environmental protections, and a woman’s right to choose. 
in ten Americans agree with the following statement: ‘‘I feel angry because our political system seems to only be working for the insiders with money and power.’’ 
As Members of Congress, I urge colleagues on all sides to come together and heed the American people’s wishes and to put their interests up front. We need to make sure that we can pass a budget bill that isn’t loaded up with policy riders and more things that would confuse the basic issues. 
Mr. Speaker, we cannot abide proposals attacking the National Labor Relations Board and a worker’s right to organize. We cannot abide efforts to undermine the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is helping Americans meet their financial needs. 
the American consumer. I urge all parties to come together to reach these important goals. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Charlotte Dietrich on her upcoming retirement as planning director of Potter County, located in Pennsylvania’s Fifth Congressional District. 
Charlotte was promoted to that position in April of 2001 and had previously served as a secretary for Potter County. 
director, Potter County became the only county in Pennsylvania to have a Wellhead Protection Plan in place for each water authority in the county, mapping each source of water, which is perhaps our most important natural resource. 
Additionally, under Charlotte’s leadership, the county’s planning department worked to address issues surrounding the development of wind power in the county, along with a huge expansion of gas drilling in the Marcellus Shale formation. 
A Potter County commissioner recently called Charlotte a born planner. I know those skills have been a great asset for the county in the past decade with so many big changes. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Houston, one of our Nation’s leading public research universities, on its recent string of success inside and outside the classroom. 
The University of Houston was designated as a tier 1 research university by the Carnegie Foundation, making it only one of three tier 1 public universities in Texas and one of only three Hispanicserving institutions that are also tier 1 in the entire country. 
University of Houston has been providing affordable, worldclass education to the people of Houston and Harris County and students throughout the country who come to U of H for its renowned academic programs and professional training. 
in Washington. Thanks to her team and our board of regents for their leadership. 
one of the top college football teams this season with an 11–1 record, ranked number 17 in the country, and can win the American Athletic Conference and go to a New Year’s Day bowl game with a win this weekend. 
and a graduate of the University of Houston, it makes me proud to see our university succeed and continue to be one of the most important institutions serving our State, city, and our country. Go Cougars. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
get our priorities straight when it comes to American leadership. Rather than showing leadership in the fight against ISIS or reassuring our allies in this fight, our current administration is still claiming that our greatest threat to national security is, believe it or not, climate change. 
I am all about science, but we need to 
be realistic as well. The biggest threat, according to them, isn’t radical Islam, Russia, Iran, or North Korea. It is a couple of degrees Fahrenheit over the next century or so. 
to whom? At a cost to hardworking Americans. Their government mandates mean higher energy costs for families, less energy reliability, higher manufacturing costs, and smaller take home paychecks. 
afford this, Mr. Speaker. Coal plants are already shutting down up and down the Ohio River, costing us jobs and reliable energy. We need American leadership that is willing to lead the fight and defeat ISIS. 
This week, the House voted to protect American families and consumers from the administration’s price hikes. Let’s get our priorities straight, Mr. Speaker, and bring the fight to ISIS, not burden Ohio families. PROTECT AMERICAN FAMILIES 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, the terrorist attacks in Paris reminded us that ISIS recruits fighters from across the globe and even here at home. Already, the FBI has arrested over 60 Americans connected with ISIS. 
got their guns from the black market. But here in the United States, even suspected terrorists are allowed, under Federal law, to freely and legally buy assault weapons, buy guns, and buy explosives. 
decade, suspects on the FBI’s terrorist watch list attempted to buy guns and explosives over 2,200 times. And guess what; 91 percent of the time they succeeded. 
Now, I know that the gun lobby opposes any effort to toughen background checks; but can we not, at the very least, agree that this is a matter of national security, that when the FBI has reasonable suspicion that someone is connected to terror, we should stop him from buying weapons of mass murder? 
today, is there anyone in Congress who actually believes that you should be able to buy a gun while on the terrorist watch list? Is there anyone in America who believes that? 
you shouldn’t buy a gun. Can this body please take this meaningful step to protect American families. Let’s put it to a vote, and let’s do it before we leave here for the holidays. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor the life, legacy, and work of Officer Lloyd Reed, Jr., who will be remembered for his kind and helpful nature. Officer Reed, a St. Clair Township, Pennsylvania, police officer, was tragically shot and killed last Saturday, November 28, while responding to a domestic dispute. 
High School, he was an avid trout fisherman and a NASCAR and, of course, a Steelers fan. 
community as a law enforcement officer for 25 years before his life was taken. I offer my prayers and deepest condolences to his loved ones: his friends, his colleagues, and his wife. 
All men and women who serve to protect us from harm deserve our deepest gratitude and respect. They choose to risk their lives so that the rest of us can lead peaceful, productive, and meaningful lives. Officer Reed’s life and death are a 
testament to all those who serve honorably as law enforcement officers. 
(Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
commemorate the life and legacy of Congresswoman Shirley Chisolm. 
Last week, she posthumously received the Presidential Medal of Freedom, our Nation’s highest civilian honor. Congresswoman Chisholm is truly deserving of this honor. 
American woman to serve in Congress. She was the first majority party African American candidate and the first Democratic woman to run for President. She was also a founding member of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
as we called her—was my mentor and role model. The course of my life changed, when I met Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, as a student in Mills College. At that time, I was the Black Student Union president, and I had invited her to speak her eloquent speech focused on the power of women and people of color to change the world. As she said: If you don’t have a seat at the table, bring a folding chair. She explained why it was important for everyone to get involved in the policymaking process, because too often the voices of women and people of color are unheard. 
I know that today many of us, including myself, would not be here. We would not have the privilege to serve in this great body had it not been for Shirley Chisolm. She is truly deserving of our Nation’s highest honor. 
I would also want to wish Mrs. C a 
very happy belated birthday. She would have turned 91 on the 20th of November. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise today to discuss the Environmental Protection Agency’s finalized Renewable Fuel Standard, otherwise known as the RFS. 
goodpaying, technical jobs in rural economies, helped lower gas prices for consumers, protected the environment, 
On Monday of this week, the EPA finalized RFS levels for 2014, 2015, and 2016. While they are a slight improvement from the proposed rule, they still fall short of congressional intent put into law in 2007. Unfortunately, this decision raises questions about the administration’s commitment to rural 
public assurances to support the biofuels economy, the EPA has done just the opposite. 
The disconnect is startling. A reduction in RFS levels increases uncertainty and stifles investment in the advanced biofuels sector. We should all be concerned by the precedent this decision sets for other renewable energy sources. It allows the administration to ignore the facts and the law in order to set a standard of its choosing. 
EPA started listening to the people impacted by their rules and regulations. 
biofuels industry, its producers, its farmers, and its consumers, and to continue fighting against any attempts to undermine it. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
want to speak today about what the House will face on educational changes in bringing forward S. 1177, the Every Child Succeeds Act, which takes us away from No Child Left Behind. 
Lee amendment offered during the House consideration of the bill dealing with bullying is now in this bill. It is now the law of the land once we pass it. It supports accountabilitybased programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include researchbased bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, disruption of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention programs as well as intervention programs. 
believe, that talked about the extensiveness of cyberbullying. One in seven students in grades K–12 is either a bully or a victim of it; 90 percent of fourth to eighth grade students report being victims of bullying; 56 percent of students have personally witnessed some type of bullying; 71 percent of students report incidents of bullying as a problem; 15 percent of all students who don’t show up for school report they have been bullied; 1 out of 20 students has seen a student with a gun at a school; and 282,000 students are physically attacked in secondary schools each month. This is something that is a key part of education. To be in an education environment where you want to learn and where you are protected is key. 
legislation. I am delighted that we have been able to come together in particular around this issue of preventing bullying and cyberbullying in our schools. RECOGNIZING BEST BUDDIES 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
rise to give recognition to Best Buddies International, an organization that assists individuals with developmental and intellectual disabilities to become thriving members of our society. Founded in 1989, Best Buddies International has positively improved the lives of nearly 900,000 individuals. 
I am particularly proud of the success of this organization in my home State of Florida, where there are programs like Best Buddies Colleges in which schools like my alma mater of Florida International University and the University of Miami participate. 
friendships between college students and adults with IDD so that they can be involved in campus life beyond the classroom. 
programs, participants create a bond that can truly last a lifetime while becoming inspirational leaders and living a more independent life. 
to Best Buddies International as it continues on this noble endeavor and encourages all to get involved and support people with special needs and their families. 
more than 12 million working Americans throughout our Nation. Through negotiating with employers, the AFL– CIO has fought and won better wages, fair hours, and more friendly family policies for millions of Americans. I fought alongside AFL–CIO for decades, and I will continue to stand with them and our workers. 
North Carolina AFL–CIO, James Andrews, to Timothy Rorie with the Central Labor Council, Charlie Hines with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers, Essie Hogue with the Union for Government Employees, and more than 30 other members of the North Carolina AFL– CIO executive board. Thank you. 
has represented the best in our unions and has given our workers the support they need to stand up for themselves. On this 60th anniversary of the AFL– CIO, let’s continue to support our workers by making sure that they have wages that they can live on, fair hours, 
retirement protections they deserve, and access to health care they need. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to pay tribute to the life of Howard Henderson, a man who was cherished by many throughout southern Arizona. 
in 1984, when he became the owner and president of KDAP–FM and KAPR–AM radio stations. He wasted no time making his mark, both on the air and in the community. 
morning show, one of the most popular and listenedto shows in the area. He broadcasted over 1,000 high school games and supported community events, including serving on the local fair board. His onair personality and active presence in Douglas earned him the nickname, Mr. Wonderful. 
years. Like many, I was touched by his professionalism, his grace, and his dedication to the community. 
away, after battling cancer, at the age of 65. We will miss hearing his voice on the airwaves and seeing his smiling face around Douglas, but we will never forget his impact on southern Arizona. 
rise to honor Jefferson County Sheriff’s Deputy Jerrod Rigdon, whose heroic actions saved the life of a Florida State University student in my district. 
crash scene on the morning of October 31, the scene was horrific. The car was mangled, and the freshman student inside had lifethreatening injuries. His neck was severed, and he was quickly losing blood. 
scene, worked to stop the bleeding, and called for a helicopter to airlift the victim. Because of his fast response and heroic actions, Billy Fowler, the 18 yearold freshman in the car, is alive today. 
all of the north Florida first responders. Thank you for risking your lives to save ours. 
PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 8, NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT ON S. 1177, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 542 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 542 provides for a rule to continue consideration of the comprehensive energy legislation on which the House began its work yesterday. 
The rule makes in order 38 amendments to be considered on the House floor, 22 of which are sponsored by Democratic Members of the House, 12 of which are sponsored by Republicans, and 4 of which were submitted as bipartisan amendments. 
Further, the minority will be afforded the standard motion to recommit—a final opportunity to amend the bill prior to its passage. 
to consider the conference report to S. 1177, the Student Success Act, which will move the country’s education system beyond No Child Left Behind and return the responsibility of educating our children to local and State authorities, where it appropriately belongs. 
brought before the House, the rule provides that debate on the measure will be conducted under the standing rules of the House and will further provide for a motion to recommit, allowing the minority yet another opportunity to amend the legislation before its final passage. 
Committee made in order allow the House to weigh in on a number of important issues within the sphere of energy policy, from crude oil exports, to the Federal Government’s policy on fossil fuel usage, to siting and regulatory reforms at the Department of Energy and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
that unfortunately was not made in order, one that I submitted to the Rules Committee, as well, during the markup of H.R. 8 in Energy and Commerce. 
worked on the Energy and Commerce Committee over the past 10 years, that the authority given to the Department of Energy to regulate and mandate efficiency standards in consumer products was both initially misguided and ultimately has proven to be cumbersome and unworkable. Mr. Speaker, I have always been a 
strong believer in energy efficiency. However, governmentmandated efficiency standards have proven to be the wrong approach. 
amendment to repeal the Federal energy conservation standards, which dictate how energy efficient consumer products must be before they can be sold in the United States. 
light bulbs—and, on this, we have successfully blocked it due to overwhelming public outrage—to ceiling fans, to air conditioners, to heaters, to furnaces. The list goes on and on. 
be setting these standards. Companies and, more importantly, their customers should be the driving force in this decision. This is about letting the free market drive innovation and technological advances. The government should trust the people to make the right decisions when it comes to the products that they buy. 
When the government sets the efficiency standard for a product, that often becomes the ceiling. When the market drives the standard, there is no limit to how fast and how aggressive manufacturers will ultimately be when consumers demand more efficient and better products. 
have proven to be unworkable. Every single time the Department of Energy proposes to set a new efficiency standard for any product, manufacturers run to their Members of Congress, asking us to sign letters to the Department of Energy to implore them not to set unworkable standards. It is a predictable occurrence for every rule. 
the Department of Energy is moving in the wrong direction with furnace standards, and Congress has to step in and mitigate. In fact, Congress should be getting out of the way of the relationship between companies and their customers. 
How many times during the appropriations process are we asked to vote on amendments blocking the Department of Energy from regulating consumer products because the Federal Government does not understand how to run a business? Instead of that approach, we should be removing the Department of Energy’s authority altogether. 
States Constitution was meant as a limitation on Federal power. The Framers intended that clause to be used to ensure that commerce could flow freely among the several States. It was never intended to allow the Federal Government to micromanage everyday consumer products. 
that expansive, then the 10th Amendment would be meaningless. There would be no authority left to reserve to the States. This view of the Commerce Clause was reaffirmed most recently by 
cannot extend so far as to allow the Federal Government to regulate products that do not pose a risk to health or safety. There is a place for the FDA to regulate safe food and drugs and for the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to regulate the safety of cars on the roads, but to give the Federal Government the authority to regulate how efficient a product should be really seems to cross a constitutional line. 
block the Department of Energy from setting efficiency standards for light bulbs—not because Congress gained wisdom. It was because the American people understood clearly that this was government overreach at its worst, and they demanded it be fixed. 
about every consumer product that the Department of Energy has been given the authority to regulate in the efficiency space. From light bulbs, to furnaces, to air conditioners, to ceiling fans, the Department of Energy should not be telling manufacturers how to make their products. 
the amendment to H.R. 8 that was submitted by the Representative from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ), which was also, 
on a series of GAO studies that I and Senator MARKEY had commissioned to 
study the Department of Energy’s management of uranium issues and its impact on the domestic uranium mining industry. 
It is a critical issue for those of us 
from Western States. And it is my hope, as this body continues to work to protect that industry from further legally suspect actions by the Department of Energy, that Mrs. LUMMIS ’ 
known as the Every Student Succeeds Act, is a bipartisan compromise to reauthorize and reform our education system. 
and our schools have been struggling to meet the rigorous and often unrealistic demands of No Child Left Behind. 
improve school accountability by conditioning increased funding on annual testing requirements and pass rates. One hundred percent of students were supposed to be proficient by 2014, with failing schools being required to restructure under Federal guidelines. 
Succeeds Act today is a vote to keep No Child Left Behind in place, to keep the onerous average yearly progress standards in place, and to keep the highstakes testing in place that so many of our constituents deplore. 
out in committee, is a vast improvement. It is not a perfect bill by any 
stretch, but it is a vast improvement. And, really, for the first time, it moves control back into the hands of States and local districts, where it belongs. 
repealing the adequate yearly progress Federal accountability system. For years, school boards in my district have been requesting relief from having to obtain waivers from the Department of Education. 
set their own testing requirements and standards to determine whether a student or a school is struggling as well as how to improve. 
Common Core incentives are eliminated. Let me repeat that. Common Core incentives are eliminated. 
Federal education regulations and mandated their adoption by withholding funds from schools. This intervention is another example of the Federal Government’s prescribing its best practices over those schools and teachers who, every day, get up and go to work to do their best. They know their students. They know how best to teach them. Under the Every Student Succeeds Act, this stops. 
new funding flexibility by allowing States to determine how to spend their Federal dollars—on average, 7 percent per year. In my State, this is more than $225 million annually that the State will be able to allocate in the most effective and the most efficient way possible. 
That is an important point. Regardless of how you feel about the current administration, it will not be the current administration in 4 years’ time. That will allow the next administration, whoever he or she may be, the opportunity to better evaluate education programs and, my hope is, to continue to reduce the Federal role for our students, schools, and teachers in Texas and throughout the country. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am glad the gentleman got to education. We heard 9 or 10 minutes about this corporate welfare energy bill, which is not going anywhere, and it is the reason that I don’t think there will be any Democrats supporting this rule. But, yes, in this rule is also a wonderful education bill that we are very excited about, and I think we have many Democrats who will want to tell you about it here today. It is exciting to reach this point. 
parents, of students across the country with No Child Left Behind. I was on the State Board of Education in Colorado from 2001 to 2007 when we implemented No Child Left Behind. We saw many of the flaws at that time. 
for adequate yearly progress, and it was set up in such a way that all 
schools would eventually fail. We saw the rigid structure that could even inhibit State and district innovation. 
I am proud to say today that the bill 
under this rule is a major step forward. For those who are thinking of opposing it, realize that, in opposing it, you are ensuring that No Child Left Behind will continue exactly as it is. 
am sure, if each of us had the opportunity to write our own education bill, we would have 435 different bills. 
What we have before us is a good, realistic compromise that can replace No Child Left Behind with a new Federal education law. It is something that is long overdue for the kids of this country, something that will be a boost in morale to teachers and educators in this country, and something that will encourage innovation at the State and district level. I will talk about some of those provisions that do just that. 
some teachers and students at Rocky Mountain High School in Fort Collins, Colorado. They expressed their frustration with what has become everyday challenges in K–12 schools and how detached our No Child Left Behind law from 15 years ago is with the realities of education today. 
teaching and more time administering highstakes test or teaching of the test. Students are spending less time learning. As a result, schools have less time to focus on teaching real skills that students need to be ready for college or to be ready for careers in technical education after high school. 
Unfortunately, schools across my district and the country have been experiencing the same frustrations as the teachers and students at Rocky Mountain High who I met with a couple weeks ago. 
the result of the outdated education law, No Child Left Behind, which passed in 2001, which was well intentioned, but imposed a onesizefitsall accountability system, a flawed one at that, on a diverse set of States and districts across our country. 
That is why I am so excited to be 
here on the floor of the House with the opportunity to speak about the new conference report, the new bipartisan, bicameral ESEA Reauthorization, the Every Student Succeeds Act, which passed 39–1 in our conference committee. 
sides of the aisle to join me and the other conferees in replacing No Child Left Behind with Every Student Succeeds Act. 
the result of years of work by both Chambers. Former Ranking Member and former Chair George Miller, former Ranking Member and Chair Buck McKeon, current Chair Mr. KLINE, and 
along with their staffs, over years to be able to put together something that both Democrats and Republicans can feel good about. Because guess what. We both care about kids. We both care about education. It is not a partisan issue. 
about how to improve our schools. Let’s put all those good ideas on the table. And they were. And they were voiced. We were able to build and improve deeply upon the highly flawed first version of this bill that the House passed, which would have taken Federal dollars away from the poorest schools and given it to wealthier schools. 
completely failed students with disabilities by allowing unlimited students to have no accountability by classifying them as students with disabilities for alternative assessments, sweeping under the rug the tremendous amount of progress that students with disabilities have made since No Child Left Behind. 
The first version of the bill didn’t establish any accountability for graduation or proficiency rates or any parameters for interventions to ensure that we could improve struggling schools. 
Now, when the Every Student Succeeds Act finally passed the House, it barely passed. It passed in a purely partisan manner. No Democrats supported the bill, and many Republicans didn’t support the bill. 
it allowed the process to move forward. I am proud to say, after months of hard work by the staff and the chair and ranking member, the conference committee has succeeded in reporting out a bill that I believe is better than the Senate bill, better than the House bill, and certainly better than No Child Left Behind. 
Members offered thoughtful amendments that built upon and improved the conference framework even more. For example, Mr. MESSER offered an 
amendment that would allow funds to be used to educate teachers about best practices for student data privacy. 
that increases dual and concurrent enrollment opportunities for English language learners, something near and dear to my heart as the founder of the New America School charter school network. 
framework and turned it into a robust bill that replaces No Child Left Behind with a system that works better for students, for educators, for families, and for schools. 
first and foremost, it was seen properly as a critical piece of civil rights legislation. For the first time, the Federal Government was making a commitment that every child, regardless of race, background, or ZIP Code, deserved a great education to prepare 
to uphold that same commitment to civil rights that was established in 1965. While the Every Student Succeeds Act isn’t perfect, I believe that it upholds that commitment to civil rights that is such an important role for the Federal Government to play. 
Succeeds Act includes strong accountability provisions that ensure that underimproving schools are identified and improved. 
Now, title I in Every Student Succeeds Act has come a long way from the original House bill. The number of Members in the House, including those in the new Democratic coalition and the TriCaucus, demanded stronger accountability provisions in the conference report. I am very happy to see that the conference report has delivered. 
Specifically, the Every Student Succeeds Act maintains annual statewide assessments, which gives States, districts, teachers, and parents valuable information about how students are performing and the tools they need to improve student performance. This data will be broken down by subgroup, by race, by socioeconomic status, to ensure that no students are swept under the rug. 
for identifying consistently lowperforming schools and provides resources and ensures that States intervene to improve them. It fully maintains our promise to parents of students with disabilities, the promise that schools will be accountable to ensure that their child is learning and that the unique learning needs of their children are met. 
not the same topdown, onesizefitsall accountability provisions of No Child Left Behind. The onesizefitsall formula of adequate yearly progress is rightfully gone. The accountability provisions in Every Student Succeeds Act creates a framework for States as they create their own meaningful accountability plans. 
This means that States can be flexible and innovative to create specific policies that work for them. It is a challenge to States to rise to the occasion in meeting the learning needs of all students while maintaining those Federal rails to ensure that no child is left out. 
This bill provides additional flexibility around testing by allowing high quality, Federally recognized tests to also meet the annual testing requirements in high school. In my district, high schoolers take the Colorado State test, the ACT, and, if necessary, AP or IB exams. That is a lot of testing in the final years of high school. 
a pending application that Colorado has for the ACT to stand in place of the Colorado State test would be specifically allowed in statute under this bill, 
and I couldn’t be more proud of that provision. 
This bill also maintains strong support for highquality charter schools, something that I have made a hallmark of my time here in Congress and have been a coauthor of bills that have passed this body overwhelmingly. That charter school language is reflected in this bill. 
school access and service for all students, give new and innovative charter schools those tools they need to meet their goal of serving atrisk and diverse students that ensure that our limited Federal investment supports the replication and expansion of highquality, innovative charter schools. 
two public charter school networks. I know the freedom to innovate and the flexibility to pursue a unique mission within public education can help charter schools succeed at the highest levels. 
to education technology and innovation. The Investing in Innovation program has also been one of my top priorities in this bill. 
School District, which I represent a good portion of, received a $3.6 million innovation grant to expand programs for atrisk kids in seven schools. 
able to extend the school year at four elementary schools that serve atrisk kids, target math students at risk of failing at two middle schools that implement the STEM Academy at Skyline High School. I couldn’t be more proud of this provision. 
welfare giveaway to the oil and gas industry. Thankfully, they are two separate votes. So my colleagues can vote against corporate welfare for the oil and gas industry, one of the most profitable industries on the face of the planet, and vote for kids. 
against the rule, which has the oil and gas corporate welfare bill. If it simply was a straightup vote on ESEA, I think my Democratic colleagues would join me in supporting the rule. Unfortunately, it is not. 
is an enormous multibilliondollar giveaway to the most profitable industry on the face of the planet, trying to preserve the fossil fuel industry rather than find a pathway forward to transition toward a lower carbon emission future. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), a valuable 
senior member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
right people, teachers and administrators, who wouldn’t let me settle for less than my best. In the mountains of North Carolina, I learned firsthand the power of education and its vital role in the success of individual Americans. 
Unfortunately, today’s K–12 education system is failing our students. Decades of Washington’s counterproductive mandates and the No Child Left Behind law have resulted in stagnant student achievement, disappointing graduation rates, and high school graduates entering college and the workforce without the knowledge and resources they need to succeed. 
lost much of their decisionmaking authority to Washington bureaucrats, and the Secretary of Education has bullied States into adopting the Obama administration’s pet policies. 
provide for consideration of a conference committee agreement, the Every Student Succeeds Act, reauthorizing and reforming the Elementary and Secondary Education Act that would allow Congress finally to replace the No Child Left Behind. 
former school board member, I know students are best served when teachers, parents, and administrators are the driving force behind improving education. This agreement does just that by reducing the Federal footprint in the Nation’s classrooms and restoring control to the people who know their students best. 
The compromise Every Student Succeeds Act gets Washington out of the business of running schools. It protects State and local autonomy by prohibiting the Secretary of Education from coercing States into adopting Common Core or punishing them for abandoning it. 
It also would place unprecedented restrictions on the authority of the Secretary of Education, preventing the Secretary from imposing new requirements on States and school districts through executive fiat, as President Obama’s Department of Education has done repeatedly over the past 3 years. 
The proposal eliminates the burdensome onesizefitsall accountability system that has done more to tie up States and school districts in red tape than to support local efforts to educate children. It also reduces the size of the Federal education bureaucracy by eliminating ineffective and duplicative Federal programs and requiring the Secretary of Education to reduce the Department’s workforce accordingly. 
would be forced to choose between the fundamentally flawed policies of No Child Left Behind, which double down on Federal programs, mandates, and spending, and the Obama administration’s controversial temporary conditional waiver scheme, which has imposed the administration’s preferred policies and heightened the level of uncertainty shared by States and school districts. America’s students deserve better. 
agreement gives States a better chance to succeed by getting Washington out of their way. Our work has been validated by The Wall Street Journal, which stated that the bill would represent the largest evolution of Federal control to the States in a quarter century. It is far better than the status quo that would continue if nothing passes. 
Left Behind, onesizefitsall micromanagement of classrooms, Congress is giving parents, teachers, and local education leaders the tools they need to repair a broken education system and help all children reach their potential. It is time to get Washington out of the way. 
this rule and the underlying conference committee agreement, the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ), a member of 
to thank my colleague for yielding and for all of the work that he has put in on an important and necessary advancement in our education system. 
As he mentioned, the rule we are debating today also incorporates a rule for an energy bill that I wanted to address today because nowhere is the need for a comprehensive energy policy more critical than in my home State of Massachusetts and the entire region of New England. 
two plants in our region, one coal and one nuclear, we are facing the loss of over 2,000 megawatts of an already antiquated, already overtaxed electric grid. That loss of capacity is already causing the bills of our consumers to skyrocket through a quadrupling of our capacity rates, from $1 billion to over $4 billion. 
increases underscore our need for a roadmap that puts us on a path toward renewable energy while balancing the reliability and affordability. 
the opposite. It reverses course and renews our investment in outdated energy resources while putting up roadblocks that will halt the innovation our energy infrastructure so desperately needs. 
with section 1110 of the bill, which would require regional grid operators 
to conduct a reliability analysis each time a rate change is filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. 
cost, and the analysis required by section 1110 fails to even consider its impact on ratepayers. It ignores the concerns that I hear across my district every single day. Rate increases mean families can’t save, businesses can’t grow, local towns can’t plan for the future. 
That is why I introduced an amendment which would simply add ‘‘at the lowest possible cost’’ to the reliability analysis in section 1110. Unfortunately, it was not made in order. It was a simple amendment that would have given muchneeded direction and flexibility to each regional operator to determine what its reliability needs are and how much it is going to cost local ratepayers. 
benefit to fuel types that can be stored and ignores the realities and benefits of other sources of energy, including renewables. The criteria required in this analysis fails to consider regional disparities, such as natural gas resources, local policies, and infrastructure. 
If the majority is going to insist on a 
reliability analysis, at the very least we should consider the impact the analysis would have on energy costs to our constituents. 
this bill has become would be a tremendous understatement. I hope today’s vote will send a signal to the majority that this version does not have a viable pathway forward and that our Caucus remains committed to working with them on a bill that does. 
time, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
the Alabama State school board, former chancellor of postsecondary education for the State of Alabama, and as a member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, I am proud to support this rule and the underlying legislation. 
system has failed under a heavy, top down system of mandates and requirements set by Washington bureaucrats and special interest groups. 
changes that by getting Washington out of the way and empowering our local teachers, principals, and administrators. This legislation achieves these goals by reducing the Federal Government’s role in K–12 education and restoring control over education back to the States and local school districts, where it belongs. 
board calls this legislation the largest devolution of Federal control to the States in a quartercentury. National 
rollback of Federal power, while Politico points out that the bill cuts down on the number of education programs. 
I hear concerns often from my constituents in southwest Alabama about the Common Core standards. Well, this bill expressly prohibits the Secretary of Education from influencing or coercing States into adopting Common Core. This bill makes clear that it is solely a State’s responsibility to set academic standards and pick assessments. 
Secretary of Education are unprecedented and will end the Secretary’s ability to influence education policy through executive fiat and conditional waivers. 
Some may wonder what the alternative is to this legislation, so let me tell you. 
allow the Obama administration and the Federal Government to dictate education policy to the States. 
Education will continue to use Federal grants and money to coerce States into adopting certain academic standards, like Common Core. 
Without this bill, the Federal Department of Education will continue to operate more than 80 programs which are ineffective, duplicative, and unnecessary. 
Without this bill, teachers will continue to have their hands tied by policies and assessments put forward by bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. 
our States and local school districts how to best run their schools. So let’s pass the Every Student Succeeds Act. Let’s get Washington out of the way, and let’s empower our local teachers, parents, and students. 
rule and to support the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ). 
a great deal of respect for the ranking member’s intellect and integrity, as well as the chairman, in working through this rule. 
while the President of the United States, our President, was in Paris this week to unite the world against the growing threat of climate change, this House chose to take up this particular legislation that would undermine the transition to cleaner power sources. 
American people at risk by exposing them to the dangers of carbon pollution, further exacerbating the negative impacts of climate change and putting our natural resources in jeopardy. 
deny solid scientific evidence, more than 12,000 peerreviewed scientific studies are in agreement: Climate change is real, and humans are largely responsible by releasing large amounts of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse 
gasses into the atmosphere from burning fossil fuels to produce energy. 
part for our country: that this House is ignoring the scientific and national security community, which has long recognized the national security threat climate change poses for future generations. 
The longer term consequences of failing to act to address climate change may add further instability in regions that are already teetering on the edge of crisis. This could impair future access to food and water, damage infrastructure or interrupt commercial activity, and increase competition and tension between countries vying for limited resources. 
our military leaders, we are faced with a choice. We can reject the continued calls to pull fossil fuels from the ground, or we can put our heads in the sand and pretend everything is fine, hunkydory. 
While I may not be a scientist or a 
military expert, I don’t think it is difficult to walk and chew gum at the same time. We can listen to the experts by investing our time and efforts in both shortterm and longterm policies to keep the public safe. 
time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DUNCAN ). 
Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and in support of both bills that this rule will bring to the floor. 
for yielding me this time. I find myself in very strong agreement with him on every point that he raised in his outstanding opening statement. 
bill, Mr. Speaker, unemployment is a serious problem in this country, but we have much more underemployment. We have ended up with the best educated waiters and waitresses in the world, as many thousands of college graduates can’t find good jobs. 
Our environmental rules and regulations and red tape have caused several million good jobs to go to other countries over the last 40 or 50 years. We need more good jobs in this country, Mr. Speaker, and this energy bill will help reduce this movement of jobs to other countries. 
today to speak in favor of the Every Student Succeeds legislation. 
In 2001, I was one of just 45 Members 
of the House who voted against the No Child Left Behind Federal education law. Just 10 of those 45 remain in the House today: Republican Congressmen SAM JOHNSON , W ALTER JONES , J OE 
PITTS, DANA ROHRABACHER , JIMSENSENBRENNER , PETE SESSIONS , and myself; and Democrats J OHN CONYERS , 
This turned out to be one of the most 
popular votes I ever cast, especially with teachers. I have spoken well over a thousand 
times in schools through the years, and I voted against the bill in 2001 because I felt the teachers, principals, and parents in east Tennessee had enough common sense and intelligence to run their own schools and classrooms and didn’t need Washington bureaucrats telling them what to do. 
great overreaction to failed schools in some of our Nation’s biggest cities, and it needs to be replaced. Today, I rise in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act so we can leave behind the No Child Left Behind law. 
Wall Street Journal on Monday published an editorial calling this bill ‘‘a bipartisan compromise’’ that would be ‘‘the largest devolution of Federal control . . . in a quartercentury.’’ 
better than the status quo which would continue if nothing passes,’’ and described the bill as ‘‘a rare opportunity for real reform.’’ 
This bill should please many conservatives because it does away with the Common Core mandate. 
great work by my own Senator, constituent, and friend, Senator LAMAR  
is one of the most respected Members of the other body, and I commend him for his efforts to improve our Nation’s schools. 
these two bills that this rule brings to the floor. 
minutes to the gentleman from Vermont (Mr. WELCH ), a member of the 
missing a great opportunity where we have common ground on energy efficiency. Mr. UPTON and Mr. W HITFIELD  
are great chairmen of the subcommittee and the standing committee and made an honest effort to try to include all of the possible things that we could do on energy efficiency, but we came up short. 
Efficient Economy—and that is made up of a lot of private sector companies that are trying to meet the demand that their consumers, corporate consumers, and individuals have to get more bang for their energy dollar by using less and saving more—has said that this bill will not reduce energy consumption in the United States. It will increase it, at a cost of about $20 billion through 2040. 
Why are we doing that? Energy efficiency is the area where we agree. There is a lot of contentious debate about climate change; we are not going to resolve that today. But we have bipartisan agreement that we should use less energy. It is good for our customers, and it is good for the economy, and it is good for the environment. We came up short. 
Many of the costs in energy efficiency could be saved with building codes language, which Mr. MCKINLEY , 
an engineer on the Republican side, introduced along with me. That is not in this bill. 
There was a number of other bipartisan amendments that could have been offered. One by Mr. KINZINGER , the 
Smart Building Acceleration Act, should be in the bill. One by Mr. REED, 
the Smart Manufacturing Leadership Act, should be in the bill. 
place we can work together, and it is the place where we save money by using less energy and improving our economy and improving the environment as well. 
We have a huge debate in this Congress. If you are a corn farmer and you are from that district, the renewable fuel standards work for you because it increases what you get for producing corn. 
hammered. The cost to farmers who have to pay grain bills is higher. The cost to consumers who have to buy food is higher. The cost to small engine owners who have to get more repairs is higher. And it is bad for the environment. 
were going to let this Congress vote on the renewable fuel standard. It was denied by the Committee on Rules because the Congressional Budget Office has said that if we actually passed an amendment eliminating the renewable fuel standards, drivers of pickup trucks and cars would get higher gas mileage, and, therefore, there would be less revenue in the transportation bill from the gas tax, and we might have to pay more to farmers as a subsidy. 
can’t take a vote on a proposal that would have the effect of saving the driving public money on gas? 
vote. I am willing to take the heat for saving drivers in this country money because they can get better mileage without ethanol in the fuel. 
Mr. Speaker, there has been a real effort here on the committee to make progress. My goal is that we keep at it and try to improve this bill as it goes along the legislative path. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
rise in opposition to the rule, but I would like to speak on some of the positive benefits I see in the education portion of this bill coming down the pike later on today. 
learning a lot, Mr. Speaker, about what it really means to prepare young kids 
for an education today. And I believe the brain science that is unfolding in our country and the world is helping us better understand exactly how young minds work and how our own brains work. I think it is smart for us to send more power back to the local districts and then support programming that can help kids learn better. 
Support and Academic Enrichment grant program, allows for helping to educate wellrounded kids, allows us to focus on wellrounded education, focus on safe and healthy kids, and gives local school districts an opportunity to invest in programs like the social and emotional learning programs that are going on around this country. 
analysis done of about 213 programs with 270,000 kids participating in social and emotional learning programs saw an 11 percentile point increase in test scores. That closes the achievement gap. We have seen a 10 percent increase in prosocial behavior, a 10 percent decrease in antisocial behavior, and a 20 percent swing in the behavior of the kids. 
MindUP program that Goldie Hawn started, having a tremendous impact around the country. 
Warren City Schools, we have the Inner Resilience Social and Emotional Learning program. In one of our schools, we have seen a 60 percent reduction in outofschool suspensions. That is a 60 percent reduction. 
And these programs are having significant benefits. If you look at the qualities that a young person needs, I believe this bill helps us get back to redefining what the common core is. In my estimation, the common core is: Are we teaching kids mental discipline? the ability to be aware? the ability to be focused? the ability to cultivate one of the key components to a successful life, and that is the ability to regulate your own emotional state? 
This comes well before science, technology, engineering, and math. Teaching these key, fundamental characteristics—mental discipline, physical discipline, focus, concentration, selfregulation—are key components before you even get to the academic side of things. 
The other component in here is creating healthy schools. This gets into the school lunches. This gets into the food that these kids eat. If the student is not getting healthy foods, they are not going to be able to concentrate, they are not going to be able to have a high energy level, they are not going to be able to do well academically. 
Mr. RYAN of Ohio. To me, selfregulation, awareness, attention, healthy foods, and healthy environment are the building blocks before we even get to the academic component of what happens in the classroom. 
the conference committee for putting this together and just recognize that I believe there is a new way of educating our kids emerging here. There is a new common core developing, and that is the mental discipline and the physical health of our young people. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up bipartisan legislation that would close a loophole allowing suspected terrorists to legally buy guns. This bill would bar the sale of firearms and explosives to those on the terrorist watch list. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of the amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? 
There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, we have before us today an education bill that is a vast improvement over the status quo. I am proud to say it is a result of the work product between Democrats and Republicans working together to finally replace an outdated educational law with one that makes a lot more sense. 
ESEA from 1965—that is, to protect the civil rights of all Americans, to ensure that no school district can sweep under the rug or deny a quality education to any student because of their ethnicity or race or income status—and it allows States and districts the flexibility to meet those needs. It allows States and districts the flexibility to do something, but not the flexibility to do nothing. That is the fine line that Democrats and Republicans have worked together to seek and have accomplished with this bill. 
Education embarked on an unprecedented process of granting annual ESEA waivers to States and some districts. Now, you have heard that waiver process blasted from the other side. Absent that waiver process, under the formula of adequate yearly progress, nearly every State and district would have been labeled a failure. So I hope that my colleagues are grateful for a waiver process that has succeeded in granting waivers not only to my home 
State of Colorado, but to most States and districts across the country. 
opened up a Pandora’s box. We can all agree it gave too much power to a single Federal agency. Not knowing who the next President is going to be, that should be something that Democrats and Republicans are concerned about. 
While President Obama and Secretary Duncan’s use of the waiver process allowed States to get out from 
under a flawed law, we can’t necessarily count on the next President to be as generous with the waiver process in the No Child Left Behind, which is why it is completely appropriate and why you see so many Democrats, Republicans, educators, and school board members lining up to say: You know what? We need better statutory guidance, and we need to eliminate the one flawed Federal measurement of adequate yearly progress and replace it with an accountability system that works at the State and district level and maintains the Federal commitment to civil rights for all students. 
the reforms that resulted from the ESEA waivers, but a complex annual waiver process is at the whim of whoever the chief executive is at a certain time. It is not sound policy over time to improve our public schools. 
has broad support from a diverse coalition of stakeholders. It has support from superintendents, teachers, the Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable, the National Center for Learning Disabilities, the National Council of La Raza, Third Way, the STEM Education Coalition, the National Governors Association, and many others who are very wellregarded organizations that support the bill. And just over the past few days, I have heard from constituents who support the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
in education. I believe that education is the single most powerful tool for creating opportunity, for ending poverty, for lifting people into the middle class and beyond. 
State Board of Education of Colorado. I founded two charter schools. I served as superintendent of a charter school, the New America School. During my time in Congress, I have sat on the House Education and the Workforce Committee. And on a personal note, I have a preschoolage son. 
the future of our country than improving our public schools. Education is important to me, just as it is important to thousands of families in my district and parents everywhere. The Every Student Succeeds Act is a good bill that will move our education system forward. 
report, though, again, I am opposed to the rule and H.R. 8, the corporate welfare for the oil and gas industry bill, which was, unfortunately, put under the same rule as an education bill that I think many of us can agree on. 
I want to talk about some of the specific language around charter schools that I worked hard to include in this bill. 
I am proud to say that this version of 
the bill maintains strong Federal support for new and innovative charter schools as well as allowing for the replication and expansion of public charter school models that we know work 
education. For every challenge we face, for every problem we see in public education, we also see an example of what works: a great teacher in a classroom defying the odds by helping atrisk students achieve; a great school; a great principal; a great site leader who has turned around a lowperforming school, improved graduation rates, and made sure that more kids have access to college. 
These stories are a reality in districts like Denver Public Schools, Jefferson County Public Schools, Boulder Valley School District, Poudre School District; and in districts across the country, there are examples of what works and what doesn’t work. 
The truth is that the Federal Government and States need to ensure that districts change what doesn’t work, and one of the best ways to do that is to take proven models of success and expand and replicate them. One of those models that can work is public charter schools. 
schools have been embraced in my home State of Colorado. Denver Public Schools, which serves a high percentage of atrisk kids, has over 20 percent of their children choosing to attend public charter schools. Our State also enjoys strong school choice across all public schools and even between districts. 
school language by allowing the grants to be used for expanding and replicating successful models and upping the bar on authorizing practices and ensuring that quality public charter schools are meeting the needs of learners across the country. 
wouldn’t get off the ground without these Federal startup grants because they don’t receive any public funds or State funds—in my home State of Colorado, until June of the year they open; in other States, it might be a little bit different. But generally speaking, all of those planning costs and operating costs for that year, until they open, are not compensated because they have no student enrollment at that point. 
public charter schools off the ground. They raise money from philanthropy. Some school districts who want more public charter schools help seed them, too. And the Federal investment, along with that, will help ensure that these great educators and great ideas have a chance to actually start a public charter school that meets a real learning need in the community. 
priorities of the AllSTAR Act and the charter school bill passed overwhelmingly by this body in two different legislative sessions are reflected in this final bill. 
‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question, to vote ‘‘no’’ on the rule, to vote ‘‘yes’’ 
on the education bill, and to vote ‘‘no’’ on the corporate welfare for the oil and gas industry bill. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 11
for further consideration of two important bills affecting the future of this country: the country’s energy future and the future of education. They are important bills. 
on the previous question, vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bills. 
support to S. 1177, which is a sea change that moves the nation’s education system away from ‘‘No Child Left Behind.’’ 
SCOTT , and all the members of the House and 
Senate Conference Committee for their work in bringing the Every Child Succeeds Act. 
Congressional Children’s Caucus, I am in support of this bill because it places the education of our nation’s children first. 
I am pleased that the Jackson Lee Amendment offered during the House consideration of this bill intended to fight bullying in education settings is included in S. 1177. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment supports accountabilitybased programs and activities that are designed to enhance school safety, which may include researchbased bullying prevention, cyberbullying prevention, and disruption of recruitment activity by groups or individuals involved in violent extremism, and gang prevention programs as well as intervention programs regarding bullying. 
Statistics on Bully: Consider the daily reality for too many of 
our children who are threatened and hurt daily and will not tell adults about their pain or shame: 1 in 7 Students in Grades K–12 is either a bully or a victim of bullying. 90 percent of 4th to 8th Grade Students report being victims of bullying of some type. 56 percent of students have personally witnessed some type of bullying at school. 71 percent of students report incidents of bullying as a problem at their school. 15 percent of all students who don’t show up for school reported being out of fear of being bullied while at school. 1 out of 20 students has seen a student with a gun at school. 282,000 students are physically attacked in secondary schools each month. 
school absenteeism is directly related to fears of being bullied at school. According to bullying statistics, 1 out of every 10 students who drops out of school does so because of repeated bullying. Suicides linked to bullying are the saddest statistic. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment also addresses growing concerns regarding violent extremism and student social media use. 
Security, and Investigations, as well as a Senior Member of the Homeland Security Committee, I believe that we must address emerging threats where they are, and do so as early as possible. 
the core principles for what today’s children need to be prepared to succeed. 
schools in state accountability plans to create an opportunity for great transparency in making sure the classroom experiences of students will prepare them for higher education or employment opportunities by: (1.) reducing the amount of standardized testing in schools and decoupling highstakes decision making and statewide standardized tests; and, (2.) ensuring that educators’ voices are part of decision making at the federal, state and local levels. 
Congress passing the landmark Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA). 
important bipartisan step in education reform that is drawing broad support from leading organizations, including the following: (1.) National Education Association; (2.) Leadership Conference on Civil Rights; (3.) National Council of La Raza; (4.) Teach for America; (5.) U.S. Chamber of Commerce; and (6.) Business Roundtable. 
The bill before the House will move the nation toward an education policy built for success from the classrooms to the workplace. 
elementary, middle schools and high schools nationally is 54,876,000, which included 38,716,000 in elementary schools and 16,160,000 in high schools. 
medicine for our nation’s disparities in our economic system and social justice challenges. 
A major reason for the Elementary and Secondary Education Act was the unanimous, landmark ruling of the United States Supreme Court in Brown v. Board of Education, in which the Supreme Court held that education ‘‘is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms.’’ 
opens doors of opportunity for every student in communities across the nation. 
workers to remain current and viable in the employment market place. 
into the future as it produces inventors, thinkers, artists, and leaders. 
It is well past time to correct flaws in the 
‘‘No Child Left Behind’’ law and focus on facilitating this growth and laying the foundation for student success. 
Institution’s Metropolitan Policy Program, ‘‘The Hidden STEM Economy,’’ 26 million jobs, or 20 percent of all occupations, required knowledge in one or more STEM areas. 
all STEM jobs available to workers without a 4 year degree and these jobs pay on average $53,000 a year, which is 10 percent higher than jobs with similar education requirements. 
education system needs the guidance and support provided by H.R. 1177. 
I urge all members to join with me in voting 
in support of H.R. 1177. The material previously referred to 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 542 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (RIllinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative 
Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on the adoption of the resolution, if ordered, and the motion to instruct on H.R. 644. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 177, not voting 13, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine 
Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold 
Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa 
Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) 
Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik 
Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi 
Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires 
Slaughter Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 240, noes 181, not voting 12, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) 
Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs 
Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) 
Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney 
Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner 
Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier 
Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
ON H.R. 644, TRADE FACILITATION AND TRADE ENFORCEMENT ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to instruct on the bill (H.R. 644) to reauthorize trade facilitation and trade enforcement functions and activities, and for other purposes, offered by the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ) on which the yeas and 
The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 193, nays 232, not voting 8, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Collins (NY) Connolly Conyers Cooper 
Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hunter Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meng Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone 
Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema 
Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert 
Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mullin Mulvaney Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack 
Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
TIBERI , L EVIN, and Ms. L INDA T. 
House Resolution 542, I call up the conference report on the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 542, the conference report is considered read. 
(For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of November 30, 2015, at page H8444.) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. KLINE) 
and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT) each will control 30 minutes. 
Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the conference report to accompany S. 1177. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
There was no objection. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
conference report to accompany S. 1177, to be known as the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
and executive overreach, Congress is finally replacing No Child Left Behind. More importantly, we are replacing the old approach to education with a new approach that will help every child in 
has been micromanaging our classrooms. Federal rules now dictate how States and local communities measure student achievement, fix broken schools, spend taxpayer resources, and hire and fire their teachers. 
good intentions, but it was also based on the flawed premise that Washington knows what students need to succeed in school. 
And what do we have to show for it? 
Less than half of all fourth and eighth graders are proficient in reading and math. An achievement gap continues to separate poor and minority students from their more affluent peers. In some neighborhoods, children are far more likely to drop out of high school than earn a diploma. 
and other education leaders have been telling us for years that the topdown approach to education is not working. Yet some still believe that more programs, more mandates, and more bureaucrats will help get this right. Well, those days will soon be over. 
status quo and turn over to our Nation’s parents and our State and local leaders the authority, flexibility, and certainty they need to deliver children an excellent education. 
We reached this moment because replacing No Child Left Behind has long been a leading priority for House Republicans. For years, we have fought to improve K–12 education with three basic principles: reducing the Federal role, restoring local control, and empowering parents. The final bill by the House and Senate conference committee reflects these principles. 
K–12 education by repealing dozens of ineffective programs which place unprecedented restrictions on the Secretary of Education; eliminating one sizefitsall schemes around accountability and school improvement, ending the era of highstakes testing; and preventing this administration and future administrations from coercing or incentivizing States to adopt Common Core. 
The bill restores local control by protecting the right of States to opt out of Federal education programs and by delivering new funding flexibility so taxpayer resources are better spent on local priorities. 
The conference agreement also returns to States and school districts the responsibility for accountability and school improvement. A set of broad parameters will help taxpayers know that their money is being well spent while ensuring State and local leaders have the authority necessary to run their schools. 
providing moms and dads with the information they need to hold their schools accountable. The conference agreement strengthens school choice 
by reforming programs that affect charter schools and magnet schools, and it prevents any Federal interference with our Nation’s private schools and home schools. 
local control, empowering parents— these are the principles we have fought for because these are the principles that will help give every child a shot at a quality education. 
Now, let me be clear. This is not a 
perfect bill. To make progress, you find common ground. But make no mistake, we compromised on the detail, but we did not compromise on the principles. 
are tired of waiting for us to replace a flawed education law. They are tired of the Federal intrusion, of the conditional waivers, and of the Federal coercion. Most importantly, they are tired of seeing their kids being trapped in failing schools. 
Let’s do the job we were sent here to 
do. Let’s replace No Child Left Behind with new policies that are based on principles we believe in. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I am honored to endorse the conference report on S. 1177, the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
since we were on the floor debating H.R. 5, the Student Success Act, earlier this year. I had sincere objections to much that was found in H.R. 5, but thanks to the commitment to work together to try to fashion a decent bill with Chairman KLINE and our counterparts in the Senate, Senator A LEXANDER and Senator M URRAY , along with 
the many long nights from our respective staffs, we found a way to produce a conference report that balances the desire for more localized decisionmaking with the need for Federal oversight to ensure equity for underserved students. 
This conference report is the embodiment of what we can do when we work together in Washington—a workable compromise that does not force either side to desert its core beliefs. 
in elementary and secondary education began with the promise in Brown v. Board of Education when a unanimous Supreme Court held that, in 1954, ‘‘it is doubtful that any child may reasonably be expected to succeed in life if he is denied the opportunity of an education’’ and that ‘‘such an opportunity is a right which must be made available to all on equal terms.’’ 
education system has remained fundamentally unequal. That inequality is virtually guaranteed by the fact that we fund education basically by the real estate tax, guaranteeing that wealthier areas will have more funds than lowincome areas. 
persist. These gaps made it impossible to realize the opportunity of an education to all on equal terms because too many schools lacked the basic resources necessary for success. Too many schools failed children year after year. 
And these gaps disproportionately affected the politically disconnected: those in poverty, racial minorities, students with disabilities, and English language learners. This was unacceptable. 
In 1965, Congress addressed the inequality by passing the first Elementary and Secondary Education Act, ESEA, which provided Federal money to address—and I quote from the original bill—‘‘the special educational needs of children of lowincome families and the impact that concentrations of low income families have on the ability of local educational agencies to support adequate educational programs.’’ 
that the right to an education is a civil right that knows no State boundaries and that the Federal Government has a role to ensure that all States are fulfilling their promises for all of America’s children. 
No Child Left Behind, has run its course. It is so broken that the administration currently offers over 40 States waivers from its most unworkable provisions. This has not only created a great amount of uncertainty for students, parents, educators, and communities, but it has also resulted in uneven protections for underserved students and a lack of transparency for our communities. 
both the current law and the waivers, lives up to the promises of Brown and the intent of the original ESEA, and addresses the key challenges of No Child Left Behind. 
Act maintains high standards for all children but allows States to determine those standards in a way that requires those standards to be aligned with college readiness. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act requires States to put in place assessment, accountability, and improvement policies that will close the achievement gap but with locally designed, evidencebased strategies that meet the unique needs of students and schools. 
transparent reporting of data to ensure that schools are responsible for not only the achievement of all of their students but also for the equitable allocation of resources to support student learning. 
and school districts reduce the overuse of exclusionary policies by allowing the existing funding to be used for the Youth PROMISE plans, which is an 
Youth PROMISE plans are comprehensive, evidencebased plans that are designed to address neighborhoods with significant crime, teen pregnancy, and other problems, and they are designed to reinvest savings generated by those plans to keep the plans working in the future. 
importance of early learning, a priority of both red and blue States alike, by authorizing a program to assist States in improving the coordination, quality, improvement, and access to preK. 
these new systems will be created by the States, under the conference report, the Federal Government maintains the ability to make sure that States and localities are living up to their commitments—that all students are being counted and that schools are being held accountable for their achievement. 
the bill that I would have written alone—or that any Member would have written alone, for that matter—I have no doubt that this bipartisan conference report will make a positive difference in the lives of our Nation’s children and will live up to the goal of the original ESEA: making an opportunity for an education available to all on equal terms. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ), the chairman of the 
Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I recognize Chairman KLINE especially for the 
work he has done over a long period of time, 7 years or so, bringing this House, this Congress, to where we are today. It truly is leadership at its best. 
Left Behind’s highstakes testing, which requires every child to be caught up to grade level within 1 year, is simply unworkable, as wellintentioned as it may have been. 
Currently, the Secretary of Education, through waivers, can run schools by executive fiat, imposing requirements on State testing standards and conditioning receipt of Federal funds on adopting Common Core standards. 
that change is the Every Student Succeeds Act. This bill, as pointed out here, as The Wall Street Journal puts it, is the largest transfer of Federal control, Mr. Speaker, to the States in 25 years, where this authority and opportunity frankly belongs. 
ends the federally mandated high stakes testing, which is the core, which is the heart of No Child Left Behind, which is causing all the stress that we see from our teachers, our school administrators, our parents, and especially our students. If it produced the results that we intended, maybe that is one thing. But all it is producing is stress and an unworkable situation. 
test, how long to test, what to test, et cetera, et cetera, are our parents, our teachers, our voters, our taxpayers, our local school administrators. Let them have this responsibility back. 
taxpayers, through their locally elected officials, can decide for themselves what success looks like. It recognizes that, when it comes to determining academic standards, States, school administrators, and parents know what is best. 
It is time we put our children first so 
we can compete in a global, 21stcentury world and win again. It is time we trust parents, teachers, and local education leaders more than we trust Federal bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. This bill is a huge step in that direction. 
I urge all of my colleagues, Republican and Democrat, to support it. 
to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. FUDGE ), who is the ranking member of 
member for their leadership. It has been a privilege to work on this with both of you. 
my strong support for the reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. It is long overdue. For years, our Nation’s students, their parents, and teachers have implored Congress to address the flaws in No Child Left Behind. 
Today we finally have a bill that addresses many of the most difficult issues. Though not perfect, this bill is a significant improvement over No Child Left Behind. 
equalizer. Education opens the doors of opportunity to all of our Nation’s children. This year we commemorated the 50th anniversary of President Johnson signing the original ESEA. 
Society legislation, we passed ESEA as a civil rights law that affirmed the right of every child to a quality education. It further underscored the belief that poverty should not be an obstacle to student success. 
funding, ensures equitable allocation of resources to schools. It recognizes the importance of afterschool education and maintains subgroup disaggregation of data for reporting. 
Academic Enrichment Grants program is formula based and distributes dollars that fill resource and opportunity gaps based on the need and population. While ESSA does give States and 
local districts more flexibility, it does not absolve the Federal Government of its responsibility to protect the civil rights of underserved students. Make no mistake. The Department of Education maintains its authority to oversee implementation of the law and take action against States and districts that aren’t honoring the civil rights legacy of the ESEA. 
It was my goal that the final bill provide equal educational opportunities for all children, regardless of race, ethnicity, income, language, or disability. I believe the Every Student Succeeds Act achieves this goal by striking a balance in the best interest of all of our Nation’s students. 
minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ), a member of 
the Early Childhood, Elementary, and Secondary Education Subcommittee of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
for the opportunity to voice my support for this comprehensive overhaul of No Child Left Behind, which has been a long time in the making. 
and the Workforce Committee, I can attest to this conference report being the product of many years of hard work. I am happy to have been a conferee for the Every Student Succeeds Act, which, through a bipartisan agreement, provides more flexibility for our States, school districts, educators, parents, and students. 
establish a more appropriate Federal role in education by ending the era of mandated highstakes testing, limiting the power of the Secretary of Education to dictate cookiecutter standards, repealing dozens of ineffective and duplicative programs, and ensuring resources are delivered to where they are most effective and necessary. 
I am especially grateful to the conferees for their adoption of an amendment that will instruct the Department of Education to finally study the fairness of the current title I formulas used to offset the effects of poverty upon young learners. 
anniversary, was created to provide each student an equal opportunity under the law. But, unfortunately, we are still not targeting those areas with the highest concentration of poverty. 
embrace the spirit of ESEA and ensure that we are always working in the direction of providing great educational opportunities for all children. 
I want to thank my friend, my colleague, and my chairman, JOHNKLINE, 
for his leadership to accomplish this historical education reform. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). 
in strong support of this legislation. It has been 13 long years since ESEA was rewritten. As we have heard from prior speakers, there are many problems that have been identified with No Child Left Behind, which we have heard from across the board in terms of parents, educators, administrators, and in terms of the need to update and revise this legislation. 
What we also know is that the American economy has changed over the last 13 years and so has the world economy. One of the biggest problems that employers have today is the lack of individuals with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and math, STEM technology. 
The good news is that this bill upgrades the K–12 system to give kids the tools that they are going to need to succeed with these jobs, which now are growing three times as fast as non 
STEM jobs. The good news is it provides incomes twice as large as non STEM jobs. 
So what the bill does is it creates a 
STEM master teacher core, provides professional development training to STEM educators, greater access for thousands of school districts to Federal funding to support STEM programs, including partnerships with nonprofits. 
It encourages alternative certification programs to allow more STEM teachers to come from industry and will retain and provide promising STEM teachers with differential pay. This is what our school systems need and this is what our kids need to have the tools to succeed in the future. 
chairman and the ranking member defied all the conventional wisdom to get this bill to move forward. It is almost like Pope Francis created some aura that you capitalized on. I mean that sincerely. 
break through the barriers that have prevented us from coming together as an institution to really fix what in many respects is the most important issue, which is creating a future for the kids and our grandchildren. 
commend the gentleman from Connecticut for mentioning Pope Francis and not mentioning ladies basketball. 
the Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
thank the chairman and ranking member for doing the Herculean work on this bill, Every Student Succeeds Act, and the conference report. Many, many, many hours and many Congresses could not make this happen. They did. My hat is off to them. When I go home to Tennessee and 
talk to the teachers, students, administrators, and the parents, what do I hear? There is too much Federal control, too many forms to fill out, we are teaching to the test, the students are frustrated, the teachers are frustrated. 
Just go sit in front of a group of 
teachers and ask them: Would you be a teacher again? I promise you that over half of them will hold up their hand and say: No. I wouldn’t be a teacher again. 
environment where the educators are enjoying what they do. 
have one of the most important jobs in this country. I am a product of the public education system, 23 years. If I hadn’t had great teachers, I would not have had the opportunity to be a doctor and I wouldn’t have had the opportunity to serve in the U.S. Congress. So I am forever grateful. 
They say: Look, this adequate yearly progress we are being judged on, these tests, as far as our students moving along, the Common Core—I hear that all the time at home—we don’t need a national school board telling us what to teach in our community. 
aisle heard them and said: Okay. What we will do is we will push that control back down to the local level and you decide what is your curriculum, but you are going to be held accountable for how your student outcomes are. If you have students and minorities, we will be able to ferret those out and improve those students’ outcomes. 
We have eliminated or altered 49 different programs into a flexibility grant that will make it easier for the administrators to run their school systems. I think the main thing we want to do at the end of the day is that we want to create an environment where our students have the best opportunity in the world to achieve because they are now competing on a world basis. 
that. I encourage my colleagues to vote for this. 
I am proud to stand on the House floor 
today in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. Everywhere I go in my district, I hear from teachers, parents, administrators and students, who all tell me that we need to return control to the local level. Just as a one sizefitsall approach doesn’t work for health care reform, it will not work for education. Each state, school district and student are different, and local administrators, teachers and parents—not the federal government—should make decisions based on what’s best for their students. 
There are a lot of good reasons for conservatives to support this bill, because on virtually every account it reduces the federal government’s ability to control state and local education. This bill replaces the national accountability system with a stateled one, ensuring local leaders’ voice is heard. It also eliminates duplicative, expensive and unnecessary programs and replaces them with a Local Academic Flexible Grant, providing funding for 
school systems to better serve and support their students. 
can feel good about supporting this because of how far it goes in stopping the federal government’s intrusion into academic standards and curriculum, and in particular the adoption of the Common Core State Standards Initiative. While these standards were developed in a process that began as a stateled initiative, in recent years concern has increased as the Department of Education has been coercing states into adopting these standards as a condition of getting education waivers and grants. The bill would take away the Department’s ability to require Common Core as a condition of federal grants, which ensures the decision on whether or not to adopt Common Core will truly be left up to the states—as it should be. If you claim to be concerned about or opposed to Common Core, then you must support this bill. 
Mr. Chairman, a lot of people ask me, why 
does it matter whether we agree on education policy? Well, on my way home after work just the other evening, I met a boy at the grocery stow who was looking for some items on the shelves. He asked me for help in locating crushed pineapples because he told me he couldn’t read the words. So I helped him and we found the crushed pineapples. But it hit me—this is why we want to invest in education. We have to have a system that ensures that boy and thousands of other kids just like him are given the opportunity to succeed in life, and that starts with a good education. We have a great opportunity to start helping that child by agreeing to this bill, and I look forward to working with my colleagues to make that happen. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WILSON ), a former 
I stand in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. I want to thank Chairmen ALEXANDER and K LINE and Ranking Members M URRAY and S COTT for 
Secondary Education Act is a civil rights law based on a simple, yet powerful, promise made to all American children. It is a promise that, no matter where you live, what you look like, or what resources you have, you deserve a quality education. 
Behind’s onesizefitsall approach derailed the fulfillment of this promise by creating an untenable environment of excessive, highstakes testing that undermines educators’ ability to serve their students. 
Succeeds Act is a substantial improvement that takes us one step closer to delivering on the promise of a quality education. 
resources and guidelines they need to deliver on this promise by directing resources to the children most in need and allowing school districts the flexibility to use title IV funds in a way that best works for their students. 
life to dropout prevention, I am overjoyed to see this bill includes my amendment allowing title IV funds to be used for dropout prevention and reentry programs. But this is just the first step for our children. 
education—the teachers, the parents, the principals, and the mentors—who will create an environment of learning. That environment will ensure that our children’s hearts and minds are positively shaped by our collective wisdom, our support, and our love. 
I want to thank the teachers and parents across our Nation and especially in Florida for their work and commitment. 
conference report and stand united for a single purpose: our children. 
minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ), a member of the 
today in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
have attended public schools, I know the importance of allowing those who know our students best to be the decisionmakers. 
I want to thank everybody who is involved in educating our children. My wife and I certainly appreciate those who have sacrificed so much time to take care of our children. 
heard from parents, teachers, school board members, and school leaders that No Child Left Behind is not producing the results our children need. 
flexibility to deliver a quality education to our students. This agreement does just that. It gets the Federal Government out of our classrooms and puts the decisionmaking back in the hands of our State and local leaders. 
This agreement prevents the Secretary from legislating through executive fiat. It prohibits the Secretary from adding new requirements through regulations and from adding new requirements as a condition of approval of a State plan. 
on Education and the Workforce and a conferee on this agreement, I am pleased with the determination of my colleagues in this Congress to move beyond the failed policies of No Child Left Behind. Our children deserve a quality education, and this bill is a step in the right direction. 
chairman and the ranking member and those in the Senate for all their hard work. I know the staff from both sides, people that we get to work with every day who work hard for the people of this country and who have worked hard for our children. I appreciate the hard work they have done in bringing this 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). 
schoolteacher for 24 years, I am proud to rise in support of this bill, which will improve our schools, offer more support to teachers, and, most importantly, provide more students the education they deserve. 
Having served in the classroom during the implementation of No Child Left Behind, I can say without hesitation that our current education system needs a reset. 
Behind created a punitive approach to education policy that punishes underperforming schools instead of helping them to improve. That rigid, testdriven approach to accountability, combined with heavyhanded intervention from the Federal Government, has failed to close the achievement gaps in our country. 
testandpunish system with a more flexible testandreveal approach that returns decisionmaking to States and school districts. It will empower educators who best understand their students’ needs to develop new ways to meet local challenges. 
overall education funding and ensures States are maintaining their investments in schools. 
bill an Aplus, but it is a solid bipartisan compromise, and it is an overdue replacement for a status quo that we all know is unacceptable. For that reason, I give this bill a passing grade. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. MESSER ), another member of 
not heard from one parent, student, or teacher who likes No Child Left Behind. Despite what may have been the best of intentions, its onesizefitsall mandates led to Federal Government micromanagement in the classroom, overtested kids, and anxietyridden teachers, but, sadly, no significant improvement in student outcomes. 
to repeal No Child Left Behind. Today we have an opportunity to do just that by supporting the Every Student Succeeds Act. It is a new approach to the Federal role in education. If you read it, there is a lot to like in the bill. 
Federal Common Core mandates and stop the march towards a Federal curriculum. We can end highstakes testing and abolish the unworkable adequate yearly progress metrics. Best of all, we can give power over education back to the people we trust: the parents, the teachers, and the local school 
administrators who are best positioned to make good decisions for our kids. 
gateway to opportunity in modern America. We still have a long way to go before we can make sure every child has that kind of access, but the Every Student Succeeds Act is a big step in the right direction. 
I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic whip. 
the chairman of the committee, and Ranking Member SCOTT for their work 
born a slave on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. He became one of the great leaders in our country. Obviously, he worked hard with Abraham Lincoln to see the issuing of the Emancipation Proclamation. He said this: ‘‘It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men.’’ 
future, investment in children. Investing in elementary and secondary education is one of the most consequential acts we will undertake in this House. The impact of our investments in education will be felt long after we are gone. It will have a significant bearing on the future wellbeing of our economy and our democracy. 
MURRAY , the chair and ranking member of the Senate HELP Committee, for their extraordinary efforts on this bill. 
together. Frankly, we had a little trouble working together here, but they worked together there, and then we worked together here. It is turning out well. 
not give this bill an Aplus. I was trying to reflect on any bill that I have ever voted on that I would give an A plus to. It is not a perfect bill, but it represents a reasonable compromise that will strengthen elementary and secondary education in this country, provide certainty going forward, and help prepare the next generation of students—no matter who they are, how they learn, or where they live—for success in college, in their careers, in their vocations, and as future innovators and entrepreneurs in our economy. 
that this conference report includes the FullService Community Schools program, which I have championed for several years. 
My wife, Judy, was an early childhood educator and administrator in Prince George’s County, Maryland. She 
died over 18 years ago. It is from her, 
however, that I first learned of the potential of fullservice community schools, and our State has very successfully created a network of schools using this integrated approach named in her memory. 
our State for 3 and 4yearolds. Some of them are privately funded, they are so popular, some publicly funded, and some in partnership. These Judy Centers enable lowincome families with very young children to access a range of critical services all in one place. When starting kindergarten, children whose families participated in Judy Center programs performed better than those whose families did not. 
I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. 
Mr. HOYER. Judy Centers are helping to close that gap. 
vote for this bill because it is a step forward. It is an indication, as well, that we can work in a bipartisan fashion to the benefit of the people we represent. I urge my colleagues to vote for this conference report. 
minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), a member of the committee. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the Every Student Succeeds Act. I want to thank my colleagues on the Committee on Education and the Workforce for their tireless efforts to improve K–12 education for all students, especially Chairman KLINE, Chairman R OKITA , 
identified the successes and failures of No Child Left Behind. This agreement allows us to capture the spirit of that last ESEA reauthorization: education is the great civil rights issue of our time, and every child in this country can learn, no matter the color of their skin, the ZIP Code they live in, the language their parents speak, or their income level. 
No Child Left Behind that led to an overly rigid, onesizefitsall accountability system, inevitably giving the Federal Government an outsized role in public education. That is why the legislation before us today returns decisionmaking authority to States and local school districts, empowering communities and giving America’s teachers the respect they deserve. 
we are considering today includes my amendment, which will ensure that children learning English are counted without being counted out, and that the teachers and schools who serve them are given more time to help these students succeed. As a former member of the Miami 
Dade County School Board, I am proud to have been a part of this process as a conferee. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bipartisan compromise. This agreement promotes school choice, empowers local leaders, and, most importantly, puts children, not Washington bureaucrats, at the center of America’s education system. 
could you advise us how much time is still available on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 13
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, the students, educators, parents, and school board members I have spoken with over the years have been waiting for this day, and I am glad we are finally reaching agreement on a new education law, and we are going to leave behind No Child Left Behind. 
goal was to create more equitable education for children across the country, but it resulted in too much emphasis on onesizefitsall mandates and interventions, and the adequate yearly progress requirements caused too much focus on highstakes testing. Change is long overdue. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act returns flexibility to States and school districts to design interventions that address the specific needs of their schools. Importantly, it has States use multiple measures of academic progress in their accountability systems so no schools will be punished for the performance of students on a single exam. They can focus on addressing resource inequalities and improving school climate and delivering access to advanced coursework and rich curricula. 
students and teachers about the need for fewer, better assessments, I am pleased that the Every Student Succeeds Act includes a bipartisan provision I authored with Congressman RYANCOSTELLO to help school districts 
The bill also improves STEM learning by encouraging the incorporation of art, music, and design. A wellrounded education that teaches our students to think creatively is good for their futures and good for the innovation economy. 
States set high standards for students. It requires States and school districts to intervene in schools where students have poor academic outcomes and where subgroups of students, such as English learners, lowincome students, or students of color, lag behind their peers. 
true to the legacy of the original Elementary and Secondary Education Act and its goal of closing achievement 
gaps and promoting equitable opportunities and outcomes for students. 
and their very hardworking staffs for their commitment to this bipartisan accomplishment. 
Act and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
to balance the speakers on each side, I will reserve the balance of my time. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ). 
like to thank the gentleman not only for yielding, but for his and Chairman KLINE’s hard work on this bill. 
Student Succeeds Act. Defending public education is one of the reasons that I came to Congress. For years, we have witnessed a negative impact on public education, from underfunding our schools to stripping teachers of their rights to collectively bargain for fair pay and conditions, like in my home State of Wisconsin. 
which limit teachers’ and administrators’ abilities to manage their classrooms have further hampered student achievement. It is past time we renew the promise of an ESEA which has students’ best interests at heart. 
I meet with teachers and administrators from Wisconsin’s Second Congressional District regularly and was stunned when I was told that onethird of a school’s staff turned over last year because schools lack the financial support and autonomy they need to give students the educational experience they deserve. Teachers are being asked to do more with less, and it is coming at the expense of our kids’ education. 
pleased that we are finally discussing a bill today that aims to put students first and trusts our teachers, who dedicate their careers to education. This bill trusts and empowers teachers to ensure their voices are heard on the Federal, State, and local level, while increasing teacher quality and professional development and reducing the burden of testing in schools. 
Speaker, good for our Nation’s children. And that is why I support this bill. 
minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ), another member of 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I would too like to voice my appreciation to Chairman KLINE and the 
ranking member for their hard work on this legislation. 
I am a father of three children in the 
K–12 education system in my hometown. And I think all of us would agree 
to ensure the best possible educational environment for our children. 
seen student achievement actually go down. We can blame that on a lot of things. There is plenty of blame to go around. But the best question that we can ask today is: What is Congress going to do about it? 
with the Every Student Succeeds Act. It is a bipartisan bill that helps to limit the role of Federal bureaucrats, restore local control, and empower parents. 
this ‘‘the largest shift of Federal control to the States in a quartercentury.’’ And they are precisely correct. It gives more flexibility back to local school districts and gives States the right to set their own standards. So if a State wants out of Common Core, they would have the option to do that. 
What is more, parents can get information on local school performance so they can do what is best for their children. And when it comes to holding schools accountable, State and local leaders will get that responsibility 
No Child Left Behind Act. I think we can all agree that our current system is broken. 
make a difference here today and adopt a smart public policy. Do it for our children. Make sure that they have an excellent education. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. CLARK ). 
Ranking Member S COTT for their leadership on this bill and for proving that Congress can listen to our educators, administrators, and communities and put the needs of our students first. 
We all know that a great country deserves great schools. And I am pleased to join champions of education in both Chambers, both sides of the aisle, in supporting this blueprint for schools that invites every child to participate, no matter a child’s income, race, ZIP Code, or disability. 
promise of No Child Left Behind by protecting resources for schools in underserved communities. It provides accountability and equality of access while reducing reliance on highstakes tests. It creates opportunities for our most vulnerable students—homeless and foster youth—who have suffered abuse and those who have experienced trauma. And, for the first time, we have a bill that invests in early learning through Preschool Development Grants. This legislation brings us closer to 
ensuring that every child gets a fair shot at their dream. 
and commitment to our country’s children and to our economic future. 
I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. ADAMS ). 
Secondary Education Act of 1965 played a major role in ensuring all students have access to quality education. Because of this legislation, over the past 50 years, we have made remarkable progress in closing the achievement gap that plagues many lowincome students. However, we still have a lot of work to do. 
and hasn’t been updated since. In that time, we have seen many changes in our education system and the needs of our students and educators, in addition to the unintended consequences of No Child Left Behind. 
So I am proud today that we are finally moving forward with a bipartisan bill that keeps the best interests of American students and educators in mind. The Every Student Succeeds Act is a true embodiment of what a stronger reauthorized Elementary and Secondary Education Act should look like. 
This legislation upholds the key principles of equal access to education for all, rich or poor, and upholds accountability systems that ensure success. From promoting access to early education to supporting our neediest students and our teachers and investing in STEM education, this legislation puts our students first and helps to close achievement gaps. 
Our children are our future. Educating them shouldn’t be a Democrat or a Republican issue. So I urge all of my colleagues to support our students by supporting this critical bipartisan legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). 
well as the ranking member for their hard work on this bill. Thank you for getting us to this important day. 
Student Succeeds Act. This bicameral legislation improves K–12 education by repealing No Child Left Behind and scales back Washington’s role in education by restoring authority to those who know our students best. 
down approach is not working. The arms of Washington have extended far too long into the classroom. We need a change; American students deserve a change. And the Every Student Succeeds Act is a powerful step forward in reforming our educational system. 
This legislation stops Federal micromanagement of local schools, gets rid of unnecessary programs, downsizes 
the Federal education bureaucracy, places new restrictions on the authority of the Secretary of Education, and, most importantly, restores control back to the local level, letting States and school districts address the needs of our students. 
Teachers, school officials, and parents have an ear to the ground each day. They know what our schoolchildren need to succeed. This is what I hear every time I am in the district. Washington bureaucrats do not belong in the classroom. 
that gives students the tools they need for a successful future. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the conference report. 
may I inquire how much time is remaining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Virginia has 7 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Minnesota has 11
I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
pleasure it is to be here to support the Every Student Succeeds Act, having spent much of my first year in the district going to school districts and schools. 
And I will be able to go back in the 
coming weeks and say that we have this bipartisan compromise through the hard work of Chairman KLINE and 
ALEXANDER and Ranking Member M URRAY. So I congratulate and thank them 
I am also pleased to see that a number of priorities I share with my Democratic and Republican colleagues were included in the final version of the landmark bill. 
The conference report for Every Student Succeeds Act sets national education standards that ensure all American students, regardless of geography, socioeconomic status, race, or gender, receive a quality education. 
Included in the bill are several measures that I am proud to have worked on with colleagues which are meant to protect students. I am pleased that a number of them, such as promoting efficient and effective Head Start programs, protecting student athletes from concussions, and providing students with academic and extracurricular support beyond the normal school day, which we know is important, were included. 
While the concussionrelated provisions of the bill are an important first step, it does not go far enough to combat the devastating physical and neurological impacts of brain injuries like those we recently heard about sustained by Hall of Fame football player Frank Gifford. There is a demonstrated need for increased vigilance and improved education on this important 
and the ranking member, and I urge all my colleagues to support this very important piece of legislation. 
I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
was first signed in 1965, it was a critical piece of civil rights legislation. In fact, when President Lyndon Johnson signed the bill, he said it bridges the gap between helplessness and hope for millions of students affected by it. 
President Johnson’s commitment to the achievement of every child, regardless of race, socioeconomic background, or ZIP Code. 
about the new flexibility provided in the bill. Well, that is true, but it is flexibility to meet the learning needs of every kid, not the flexibility to fail. 
from responsibility. States are accountable for the achievement of each and every child under this bill, and I am confident that President Obama wouldn’t sign any bill that doesn’t maintain strong civil rights protections. And I would never support a bill that would allow students to be swept under the rug. 
original Elementary and Secondary Education Act. I am proud to support it today and support innovative solutions to improve the opportunities for learning that every child in our country has. 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
about the work being done in this committee. I think it is important to point out that the chair and I didn’t do all this work. His staff, Senator MURRAY ’s 
some of the members of my staff that worked on this legislation, starting with Denise Forte, Brian Kennedy, Jacque Chevalier, Helen Pajcic, Christian Haines, Kevin McDermott, Alex Payne, Kiara Pesante, Arika Trim, Rayna Reid, Michael Taylor, Austin Barbera, and Veronique Pluviose. 
Anna Shpak, Susan Fleishman, and Brendan Gallagher worked hard on this legislation; and Congressional Research Service staff Becky Skinner and Jody Feder. 
as hardworking members that have brought about all of this bipartisan cooperation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I reserve 
I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), the distinguished Democratic leader. 
for yielding and for his extraordinary leadership as the new ranking member on the Education and the Workforce Committee, bringing with him all of his commitment to education in our country as well as his knowledge of the connection of young people to our justice system and how to provide opportunities for them in the safest possible way. I thank Mr. SCOTT for his great 
We are all very, very proud of you. I 
know your predecessor in this role, Mr. George Miller, would be as well. 
your leadership as well and for enabling this bipartisan legislation to come to the floor. I salute the chairman and ranking member in the Senate as well. 
bold and historic step forward for educational opportunity, for the strength of our economy, and for the health of our democracy, which is based on an informed electorate, enacting the ESEA. 
Today the Elementary and Secondary Education Act stands as one of the landmark victories in both the struggle for civil rights and the War on Poverty. 
Lyndon B. Johnson, himself a former teacher, explained: ‘‘No law I have signed or will ever sign means more to the future of America.’’ President Johnson added: ‘‘Education is the only valid passport from poverty.’’ 
individual and enables that person to reach his or her aspirations, education brings much to our economy. In fact, nothing brings more to the Treasury of our country than investments in education, from early childhood education, K–12, which we are addressing today, higher education, postsecondary education, lifetime learning. 
expanding education access, especially to our most vulnerable students, has proven essential to bridging the gap between poverty and possibility for generations of Americans. 
history, more than half of the students attending public school live in poverty. To close the opportunity gap, we must close the education gap that limits the future of so many children and communities. 
a bipartisan agreement that will strengthen the education of all of our children. It helps States to improve lowperforming schools and empowers teachers and administrators with better training and support. It targets funding to the most atrisk 
and needy students, with enhanced title I investments. It provides vital resources for English language learners and homeless youth. 
and parents, what we have always wanted, schools, a place where children can learn, teachers can teach, and parents can participate. It replaces high stakes testing with State and local district flexibility. 
strong STEM, arts, and early education for children in every ZIP code. 
country, we call STEM STEAM, Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, and Mathematics, all of that reinforced in this legislation. 
ESEA authorization before us, it is no wonder that this agreement is supported by a farranging coalition, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Business Roundtable, the National Governors Association, the Leadership Conference of Civil and Human Rights, AFT and NEA, two leading teachers unions, the National Center for Learning Disabilities, and many more. 
We all agree that education is a national security issue. President Eisenhower taught us that. It is also an economic issue. It is one of the most pressing civil rights issues of our time. 
that access to highquality education is the right of every student. 
passing this strong bipartisan reauthorization of the historic ESEA, the Every Student Succeeds Act. 
member, of whom we are very, very, proud as well, Mr. SCOTT. 
bill does not include everything everybody wanted. But the civil rights and education community both support the legislation because of the significant civil rights implications in the bill. This will go a long way in giving equal opportunity in education. 
a long list of education and civil rights organizations that have endorsed the bill. 
American Federation of School Administrators (AFSA), American Federation of Teachers (AFT), American Library Association (ALA), Association for Career and Technical Education (ACTE), Association of University Centers on Disabilities (AUCD), Business Roundtable (BRT), Business Civil Rights Coalition, California Children’s Advocacy Coalition, Chiefs for Change (C4C), Communities in Schools (CIS), Consortium for Citizens with Disabilities (CCD), Cooperative Council for Oklahoma School Administration (CCOSA), Council for Exceptional Children 
(CCSSO), Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates (COPAA), Council of the Great City Schools (CGCS), Democrats for Education Reform (DFER), Easter Seals, Education Trust. 
Grantmakers in the Arts (GIRTS), Interstate Migrant Education Council (IMEC), Knowledge Alliance (KA), Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD), Magnet Schools of America (MSA), National Alliance for Public Charter Schools (NAPCS), National Association of Charter School Authorizers (NACSA), National Association of Councils on Developmental Disabilities (NACDD), National Association of Elementary School Principals (NAESP), National Association of Federally Impacted Schools (NAFIS), National Association of School Psychologists (NASP), National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), National Association of State Boards of Education (NASBE), National Center for Learning Disabilities (NCLD), National Center for Special Education in Charter Schools (NCSECS), National Center for Technological Literacy (NCTL), National Council of La Raza (NCLR), National Council of State Legislatures (NCSL), National Disability Rights Network (NDRN), National Education Association (NEA). 
National PTA, National School Boards Association (NSBA), PACER Center, Software & Information Industry Association (SIIA), STEM Education Coalition, Teach For America (TFA), The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights (LCCHR), The School Superintendents Association (AASA), Union of Orthodox Jewish Congregations of America (OU), US Chamber of Commerce, United Way Worldwide. 
I thank the chair for his cooperation and hard work, and I urge our Members to support the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KLINE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
I want to start by thanking my colleagues on the committee in the House and in the Senate, particularly the Ranking Member, Mr. SCOTT, Senators 
staffs. We would absolutely not be here today without their hard work. 
Today is a big day. We have an important opportunity to approve a bill that will replace No Child Left Behind with new policies that reduce the Federal role, restore local control, and empower parents, three principles that will help every child in every school receive a quality education. 
years ago. It was February 10, 2011, when the Education and the Workforce Committee held its first hearing under the new Republican majority to examine the challenges and opportunities facing K–12 classrooms. 
dozens of hearings and multiple markups and spent many hours on the floor considering amendments and debating competing ideas for improving education. All of those efforts are reflected in the final bill we have today. 
team of dedicated staff. They put in long hours and sacrificed a great deal to draft the House and Senate proposals, move them through our respective committees and chambers, and then went to work developing this bipartisan, bicameral bill we are discussing today. 
members of his staff and what a fantastic job they have done, and I know from many reports that they put in an awful lot of hours. 
been underway for so long that some staff who started this journey with us have now moved on to other endeavors: former staffers, including James Bergeron, Alex Sollberger, Casey Buboltz, Heather Couri, Dan Shorts, Matt Frame, Angelyn Shapiro, and Barrett Karr. 
with us today and many who have been a part of this effort from the beginning. I wish I had time to recognize everybody, but I have a few minutes and am going to recognize quite a few of them: Republican staff members on our committee, including Janelle Belland, Krisann Pearce, Lauren Aronson, Dominique McKay, Lauren Reddington, Sheariah Yousefi, James Forester, Kathlyn Ehl, Leslie Tatum, Mandy Schaumburg, Brian Newell. 
the Republican Staff Director, Juliane Sullivan, who always leads the team with patience, skill, and determination; Amy Jones, our education policy staff director, who was a firm, yet fair, negotiator throughout the entire process. 
senior education policy advisor is Brad Thomas, sitting here patiently beside me today. According to our most recent estimates, Brad has spent more than 60 straight days here at the office working out the details of this final bill. We could not have done it without his knowledge, expertise, and dedication. 
both Republican and Democrat staff on the Education and the Workforce Committee, as well as the staff of Senators MURRAY and A LEXANDER , we will soon 
have a new education law that helps every child in every school receive an excellent education. 
that, when we come in to vote a little later this afternoon, it is a binary choice. You can vote for this new direction, give our children a better opportunity, or you can vote to keep No Child Left Behind the law of the land. It is an eitheror choice. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I support the Every Student Succeeds Act. It preserves critical civil rights protections for students, maintains the historic commitment to lowincome children and communities, and strikes a delicate balance between federal accountability and state flexibility to meet local needs. I thank Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT  
Committee leaders George Miller and Buck McKeon—for their leadership. This is not a perfect bill, but it is a good bill. It represents an improvement over the current waiver process and over the outdated, onesizefitsall, punitive No Child Left Behind law. I especially am proud that the bill includes multiple provisions that I have championed for years. 
Foremost, the bill maintains federal accountability in public education. The Elementary and Secondary Education Act at its heart is a civil rights law, and, as such, it is essential that the federal government provide oversight to ensure equal educational opportunity under the law. Although the bill transfers considerable power to the states to oversee their improvement and limits some Secretarial authority, it requires states to take action in every school in which any group of students is consistently underperforming under the state’s accountability system, in all high school dropout factories where onethird or more of students fail 
to graduate, and in the lowestperforming 5 percent of schools. 
educational success of vulnerable students. Many years ago, I wanted to know how African American boys were doing in school only to learn that we did not know because we did not collect student data in a way to answer that question. I have fought to change this because we cannot develop educational interventions to help students—especially vulnerable students—if we lack a clear understanding of how various groups of students are learning. This bill requires reporting of outcomes and indicators by important student characteristics to inform our understanding of student learning and direct interventions. 
Further, the bill adds to the our understanding of student experiences by including critical information about discipline practices, including rate of suspensions, expulsions, referrals to law enforcement, and schoolrelated arrests. Given that African Americans—especially AfricanAmerican boys—disproportionately experience harsh discipline that contributes to the schooltoprison pipeline, clear information about actual practice is key. Importantly, the bill also discourages the overuse of exclusionary and dangerous discipline practices by requiring state plans to describe how they will improve learning by decreasing such practices. Similarly, the Every Student Succeeds Act promises to improve the school environment for students by decreasing bullying. For over a decade I have led a bill to direct greater federal resources to promote bullying free learning environments. In addition to requiring states and districts to report incidents of discipline, bullying, and harassment, the bill provides funding for states and localities to implement evidencedbased positive behavioral interventions and supports and other successful approaches that improve behavior, reduce harsh discipline, and decrease bullying and harassment so that teachers can teach and students can learn. 
The bill addresses key educational challenges for foster youth for which I have advocated, including: ensuring that foster youth can remain in their current school when they enter care or change placements when doing so is in their best interest; allowing immediate enrollment in a new school, prompt access to 
educational records, and assistance in transferring and recovering credits to remain on track for graduation; assuring a point of contact for foster youth within the education system when such a contact exists in the corresponding child welfare agency; requiring school districts and child welfare agencies to work together to ensure funding for transportation exists to allow students to remain in their schools of origin and to remove negative effects of unreliable transportation; and mandating that the Department of Education and Health and Human Services report on the progress made in and remaining barriers to addressing educational stability. Further, the bill requires states and localities to report on the student outcomes of foster youth and homeless youth to better understand their educational attainment. 
The bill provides critical protections for students with disabilities that I have promoted, such as advancing high learning standards for students with the most significant disabilities. It caps the use of alternative, lessrigorous tests for students with the most significant cognitive disabilities at one percent of all students and prohibits states from counting lesser credentials as a regular high school diploma. 
things. It invests in teachers by improving professional supports, recognizing that states and localities are bettersuited to implement teacher evaluations than federal officials, and requiring collaboration with teachers and the prohibition on overturning existing collective bargaining agreements if states voluntarily develop teacher evaluation programs. It helps improve equitable distribution of resources among school districts, promotes responsible testing policies that reduce overtesting and discourage the use of tests for highstakes decisions, expands early childhood education, increases federal investment in education, and maintains the historic and necessary state financial commitment to education. 
for vigilance. With the greater responsibility given to states, there is a heightened need for monitoring by the federal government, advocates, and the civil rights community to ensure that critical supports go to the schools and students in need to close achievement gaps and improve learning. 
This is not a perfect bill, but it is a good bill 
that advances educational opportunity. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting its passage. 
onesizefits all No Child Left Behind Act and give control of our kids’ education back to our states, local school districts, teachers, and parents. I have always believed that educational decisions are best left to the people who are closest to the students, and that means moving power out of Washington, D.C. and back into our own communities. 
It restores state and local control by allowing states to opt out of federal education programs, protecting states’ abilities to control their own standards and assessments, and providing school districts with more funding flexibility. 
interference in private and home schools, promoting school choice by strengthening charter and magnet schools, and allowing funds in eligible school districts to follow students to the schools they actually attend. 
on the Secretary of Education’s authority, and prevents the federal government from requiring or coercing states to adopt the Common Core curriculum. 
Century Community Learning Centers (21st CCLC) program as a separate and directed federal funding stream under Title IV. 
funding source for our nation’s afterschool programs, which students and working families across America rely on each and every day. In my district in Pennsylvania, the program provides 49 percent of total funding for SHINE, or ‘‘Schools and Homes In Education,’’ a successful afterschool educational program in Carbon and Luzerne counties. 
back home with my friend, state Senator John Yudichak—a Democrat—because helping our kids succeed should always be a bipartisan cause. And, we have succeeded in making it one today. 
to improve academic achievement, increase school attendance, and engage families in education. They also keep our kids safe resulting in lower incidences of druguse and violence. 
Where I’m from in Pennsylvania, this is extremely important. Gangs have become a big and persistent problem in some of our neighborhoods. 
In the end, this is truly a banner day for the 
school children of northeastern Pennsylvania and across the country. SHINE and countless other afterschool programs have touched so many families and given kids education opportunities they otherwise would not have had. 
can assure my constituents that I will continue to advocate and support afterschool programs here in Congress both now and in the future. 
I rise today to express my support for the Every Student Succeeds Act. This bill is a muchneeded improvement to No Child Left Behind (NCLB). The fundamental purpose of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) was created to ensure that disadvantaged children are provided a highquality education that allows them to compete on a level playing field with their moreadvantaged peers. I believe this bill is a step in the right direction. 
flawed and must be reformed. Reauthorization presents a tremendous opportunity to make muchneeded improvements and brings our education system into the 21st century. 
updating the standards for our nation’s students. I applaud the efforts of this body for working across the aisle to make sure that every student has the tools they need to succeed. 
The Every Student Succeeds Act strengthens critical programs and uses funds for the promotion of innovation, increased access to STEM education, arts education, literacy, community involvement in schools, teacher quality, and other important programs. 
Development Grants program that will supplement existing funds to improve coordination, quality and access for early childhood education. 
I urge my colleagues to vote for the Every 
Student Succeeds Act and support reauthorization that restores our nation’s commitment to providing equal opportunity for all students regardless of their background and protect our country’s students including the most vulnerable, which was the intention of this landmark civil rights law. 
support of the Every Student Succeeds Act to finally address serious flaws in federal education law and reject the old ‘‘onesizefitsall’’ approach while continuing to hold states and schools accountable for the learning of every child. I thank Ranking Member Bobby Scott for his tireless efforts to support students in underserved communities and close the achievement gap. 
classroom while maintaining ‘‘guardrails’’ to make sure that all students have the opportunity to succeed. It scales back the singular focus on highstakes testing with a broader and more representative accountability system that will help identify and address gaps. It includes evidencebased interventions for schools where students aren’t learning or aren’t graduating. And it targets resources to the students who need them most. 
The bill allows for funding for critical supports, including mental health, drug and violence prevention, and Youth PROMISE plans. There are resources for a wellrounded education, including arts, geography, history, and foreign language. Dedicated funding is preserved for Promise Neighborhoods and Full Service Community Schools to coordinate services for children and families, and for afterschool programs to provide outofschool time opportunities. It will be critical to provide adequate funding for these priorities through the appropriations process. 
important funding for early childhood education programs that help provide a strong start for children. I strongly support efforts to provide universal preK, and today’s bill is a good step to improving coordination of early learning opportunities. Today’s bill is not perfect, but it is a strong compromise and a critical improvement over current law. As Congress has worked to rewrite this law, I am grateful to the teachers, parents, administrators, school board members, students, and many others in Maryland schools who have shared their experiences and input with me. I look forward to continuing to work with them to ensure that this legislation is implemented and funded in a way that works for our schools and students. 
in support of the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), a reauthorization of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act (ESEA) of 1965. The ESEA was a landmark civil rights bill that boosted the academic achievement of lowincome and minority students, and I am pleased to see its muchneeded reauthorization, following its previous reauthorization in the 2001 No Child Left Behind Act. I must acknowledge, however, that the ESSA is not a perfect bill. For example, this bill does not require student data to be disaggregated for Asian American and Pacific Islander subgroups, and does not require states to act if federal resources are given inequitably to schools. 
However, the bill is a significant improvement over the No Child Left Behind Act and the ESEA reauthorization that passed out of the House earlier this year. For example, I was heartened to see that the bill includes academic standards that will prepare students for college and careers, requirements for states to intervene in schools in need of government support, removal of No Child Left Behind’s most punitive provisions, and increased monitoring, regulation, and focus on the unique needs of English Language Learners. These provisions are critical to helping underserved students achieve academic and lifelong success. 
I was also pleased to see that the ESSA includes strong language to address violence in our schools and communities. For example, it maintains dedicated funding for afterschool programs and makes violence prevention and trauma support efforts eligible for federal funds, provisions which Congresswoman KAREN BASS and I urged in a letter to education leaders last month. 
For these reasons, I am proud to stand in 
support of this bipartisan legislation in order to improve the quality of education received by our country’s most vulnerable students. 
offer the following Joint Statement of Legislative Intent on the Conference Report to accompany S. 1177, the Every Student Succeeds Act, on behalf of myself and Mr. JOHN 
Like our colleagues, we support this conference report because we believe states and school districts should be left to set their own education priorities. The Housepassed bill included strong prohibitions that clearly did just that. The conference report maintains strong, unprecedented prohibitions on the Secretary of Education. For example, 
may not add any requirements or criteria outside the scope of this act, and further 
says the Secretary may not ‘‘be in excess of statutory authority given to the Secretary.’’ This section goes on to lay out specific terms the Secretary cannot prescribe, sets clear limits on the guidance the Secretary may offer, and also clearly states that the Secretary is prohibited from defining terms that are inconsistent with or outside the scope of this Act. 
VIII that ensure standards and curriculum are left to the discretion of states without federal control or mandates, and the same is true for assessments. 
Finally, the conference report also includes a Sense of Congress that states and local educational agencies retain the right and responsibility of determining educational curriculum, programs of instruction, and assessments. 
Secretary is not to put any undue limits on the ability of states to determine their accountability systems, their standards, or what tests they give their students. The clear intent and legislative language of this report devolves authority over education decisions back to the states and severely limits the Secretary’s ability to interfere in any way. 
Ensuring a limited role for the U.S. Secretary of Education was a critically important priority throughout the reauthorization process and this agreement meets that priority. For example, the Secretary may not limit the 
ability of states to determine how the measures of student performance are weighted within state accountability systems. The Secretary also cannot prescribe school support and improvement strategies, or any aspect of a state’s teacher evaluation system, or the methodology used to differentiate schools in a state. 
Also, the Secretary may not create new policy by creatively defining terms in the law. Let us say definitively, as the Chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee and Subcommittee Chairman of the subcommittee 
of jurisdiction, this new law reins in the Secretary and ensures state and local education officials make the decisions about their schools under this new law. 
exceeded his authority by placing conditions on waivers to states and local educational agencies. The conference report prevents the Secretary from applying any new conditions on waivers or the state plans required in the law by including language that clearly states the Secretary may not add any new conditions for the approval of waivers or state plans that are outside the scope of the law. In plain English, this means if the law does not give the Secretary the authority to require something, then he may not unilaterally create an ability to do that. 
We are glad to be able to support a bill that 
will return control to states, where it should always be, and appreciate the strong support of colleagues as well. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 22, SURFACE TRANSPORTATION REAUTHORIZATION AND REFORM ACT OF 2015 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–360) on the resolution (H. Res. 546) providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federalaid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 8. 
POLIQUIN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 542 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, with Mr. DOLD(Acting Chair) in 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Tuesday, December 1, 2015, all time for general debate pursuant to House Resolution 539 had expired. 
In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Energy and Commerce, printed in the bill, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5 minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 114–36. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. 
The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: 
of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015’’. 
performance standards; certification system and level for Federal buildings. 
air conditioning, furnace, boiler, heat pump, and water heater products. 
survey and President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency report to Congress. 
Section 15 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 
agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall cooperate with the Commission and comply with the deadlines established by the Commission. 
identify, as early as practicable after it is notified by a prospective applicant of a potential project requiring Commission authorization, any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for that Federal authorization. 
and State agency considering an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization shall— 
under applicable law concurrently, and in conjunction, with the review required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), unless doing so would impair the ability of the agency to conduct needed analysis or otherwise carry out those obligations; 
policy, and procedural mechanisms to enable the agency to ensure completion of required Federal authorizations no later than 90 days after the Commission issues its final environmental document; and 
agencies that may consider an aspect of an application for Federal authorization shall identify, as early as possible, any issues of concern that may delay or prevent an agency from working with the Commission to resolve such issues and granting such authorization. 
(including, in the case of a failure by a State agency, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated authority) shall notify Congress and the Commission of such failure and set forth a recommended implementation plan to ensure completion of the proceeding for an approval.’’; 
agency considering an aspect of an application for Federal authorization requires the applicant to submit environmental data, the agency shall consider any such data gathered by aerial or other remote means that the applicant submits. The agency may grant a conditional approval for Federal authorization, conditioned on the verification of such data by subsequent onsite inspection. 
Federal authorizations, the Commission, with input from any Federal or State agency considering an aspect of an application, shall track and make available to the public on the Commission’s website information related to the actions required to complete permitting, reviews, and other actions required. Such information shall include the following: 
applicable agency to complete permitting, reviews, and other actions necessary to obtain a final decision on the Federal authorization. 
subsection that may result in a conflict with a requirement of any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation, the Commission shall ensure that such order requires generation, delivery, interchange, or transmission of electric energy only during hours necessary to meet the emergency and serve the public interest, and, to the maximum extent practicable, is consistent with any applicable Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation and minimizes any adverse environmental impacts. 
taken by a party, that is necessary to comply with an order issued under this subsection, including any omission or action taken to voluntarily comply with such order, results in noncompliance with, or causes such party to not comply with, any Federal, State, or local environmental law or regulation, such omission or action shall not be considered a violation of such environmental law or regulation, or subject such party to any requirement, civil or criminal 
liability, or a citizen suit under such environmental law or regulation. 
DISASTERS .—The Secretary of Energy shall develop and adopt procedures to— 
between the Department of Energy’s energy response team, Federal partners, and industry; 
States, the oil and natural gas industry, and the Department in developing State and local energy assurance plans; 
programs for key government emergency response positions with the Department and States; and 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report describing the effectiveness of the activities authorized under this section. 
U.S.C. 824 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 215 the following new section: 
The term ‘critical electric infrastructure’ means a system or asset of the bulkpower system, whether physical or virtual, the incapacity or destruction of which would negatively affect national security, economic security, public health or safety, or any combination of such matters. 
‘electromagnetic pulse’ means 1 or more pulses of electromagnetic energy emitted by a device capable of disabling or disrupting operation of, or destroying, electronic devices or communications networks, including hardware, software, and data, by means of such a pulse. 
‘grid security emergency’ means the occurrence or imminent danger of— 
‘‘(ii) disruption of the operation of such devices or networks, with significant adverse effects on the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure, as a result of such act or event; or 
electric infrastructure or on defense critical electric infrastructure; and 
‘‘(ii) significant adverse effects on the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure as a result of such physical attack. 
directive or determination identifying a grid security emergency, the Secretary may, with or without notice, hearing, or report, issue such orders for emergency measures as are necessary in the judgment of the Secretary to protect or restore the reliability of critical electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure during such emergency. As soon as practicable but not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall, after notice and opportunity for comment, establish rules of procedure that ensure that such authority can be exercised expeditiously. 
electric infrastructure or of defense critical electric infrastructure within the United States. 
the Commission determines that owners, operators, or users of critical electric infrastructure have incurred substantial costs to comply with an order for emergency measures issued under this subsection and that such costs were prudently incurred and cannot reasonably be recovered through regulated rates or market prices for the electric energy or services sold by such owners, operators, or users, the Commission shall, consistent with the requirements of section 205, after notice and an opportunity for comment, establish a mechanism that permits such owners, operators, or users to recover such costs. 
of enactment of this section, the Secretary, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of infrastructure that may be defense critical electric infrastructure, shall identify and designate facilities located in the United States (including the territories) that are— 
of electric energy provided to such facility by an external provider. 
The Secretary may, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and appropriate owners, users, or operators of defense critical electric infrastructure, periodically revise the list of designated facilities as necessary. 
later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, in consultation with the Secretary of Energy, shall promulgate such regulations and issue such orders as necessary to— 
place for Commissioners, officers, employees, or agents of the Commission who knowingly and willfully disclose critical electric infrastructure information in a manner that is not authorized under this section; and 
Electric Reliability Organization, facilitate voluntary sharing of critical electric infrastructure information with, between, and by— 
‘‘(ii) the Electric Reliability Organization; ‘‘(iii) regional entities; ‘‘(iv) information sharing and analysis centers 
Nothing in this section shall require a person or entity in possession of critical electric infrastructure information to share such information with Federal, State, political subdivision, or tribal authorities, or any other person or entity. 
authorize the withholding of information from Congress, any committee or subcommittee thereof, or the Comptroller General. 
may not be designated as critical electric infrastructure information for longer than 5 years, unless specifically redesignated by the Commission. 
shall facilitate and, to the extent practicable, expedite the acquisition of adequate security clearances by key personnel of any entity subject to the requirements of this section, to enable optimum communication with Federal agencies regarding threats to the security of the critical electric infrastructure. The Secretary, the Commission, and other appropriate Federal agencies shall, to the extent practicable and consistent with their obligations to protect classified and critical electric infrastructure information, share timely actionable information regarding grid security with appropriate key personnel of owners, operators, and users of the critical electric infrastructure. 
of strategically located spare large power transformers and emergency mobile substations will reduce the vulnerability of the United States to multiple risks facing electric grid reliability, including physical attack, cyber attack, electromagnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, severe weather, and seismic events. 
the large power transformer would create an extended period of instability in the bulkpower system; and 
term ‘‘critical electric infrastructure’’ has the meaning given that term in section 215A of the Federal Power Act. 
term ‘‘emergency mobile substation’’ means a mobile substation or mobile transformer that is— 
trailer that is capable of highway travel and meets relevant Department of Transportation regulations; and 
‘‘large power transformer’’ means a power transformer with a maximum nameplate rating of 100 megavoltamperes or higher, including related critical equipment, that is, or is intended to be, a part of the bulkpower system. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Office of Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability, shall, in consultation with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council, the Electric Reliability Organization, and owners and operators of critical electric infrastructure and defense and military installations, prepare and submit to Congress a plan to establish a Strategic Transformer Reserve for the storage, in strategically located facilities, of spare large power transformers and emergency mobile substations in sufficient numbers to temporarily replace critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations. 
large power transformers necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulkpower system, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations to mitigate significant impacts to the electric grid resulting from— 
which an inventory of spare equipment, including emergency mobile substations, is necessary to provide or restore sufficient resiliency to the bulkpower system, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations; 
and appropriate number of, strategic storage locations for reserve equipment, including consideration of— 
(iii) the proximity of such locations to sites of 
potentially critically damaged large power transformers and substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations, so as to enable efficient delivery of equipment to such sites; 
large power transformers to be included in the Strategic Transformer Reserve to conform to different substation configurations, including consideration of transformer— 
stock, manage, and maintain the Strategic Transformer Reserve, including consideration of fees on owners and operators of bulkpower system facilities, critical electric infrastructure, and defense and military installations relying on the Strategic Transformer Reserve, use of Federal appropriations, and publicprivate cost sharing options; 
of critically damaged large power transformers or substations that are critical electric infrastructure or serve defense and military installations may apply for a withdrawal from the Strategic Transformer Reserve; 
identify products and technologies intended for use in the bulkpower system, including products relating to industrial control systems, such as supervisory control and data acquisition systems; 
the Cyber Sense program, establish and maintain cybersecurity vulnerability reporting processes and a related database; 
product manufacturers, and other electric sector stakeholders to develop solutions to mitigate identified vulnerabilities in products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; 
for products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program; 
and solicit comments from the public, prior to establishing or revising the Cyber Sense testing process; 
the bulkpower system of products tested and identified under the Cyber Sense program. 
develop a plan to use resiliencyrelated technologies, upgrades, measures, and other approaches designed to improve the resilience of electric infrastructure, mitigate power outages, continue delivery of vital services, and maintain the flow of power to facilities critical to public health, safety, and welfare, to the extent practicable using the most current data, metrics, and frameworks related to current and future threats, including physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse attacks, geomagnetic disturbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environmental stressors. 
For purposes of this paragraph, examples of resiliencyrelated technologies, upgrades, measures, and other approaches include— 
of utility poles, wiring, cabling, and other distribution components, facilities, or structures; 
isolating or repairing problems remotely, such as advanced metering infrastructure, hightech sensors, grid monitoring and control systems, and remote reconfiguration and redundancy systems; 
‘‘(iii) cybersecurity products and components; ‘‘(iv) distributed generation, including back 
up generation to power critical facilities and essential services, and related integration components, such as advanced inverter technology; 
‘‘(vi) combined heat and power; ‘‘(vii) waste heat resources; ‘‘(viii) nongridscale energy storage technologies; 
similar technologies for power restoration, including emergency mobile substations, as defined in section 1105 of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015; ‘‘(xi) advanced energy analytics technology, 
such as Internetbased and cloudbased computing solutions and subscription licensing models; 
‘‘(xiii) operational capabilities to enhance resilience through rapid response recovery; and 
critical components through contracts, cooperative agreements, stockpiling and prepositioning, or other measures. 
authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) shall consider authorizing each such electric utility to recover any capital, operating expenditure, or other costs of the electric utility related to the procurement, deployment, or use of resiliency related technologies, including a reasonable rate of return on the capital expenditures of the electric utility for the procurement, deployment, or use of resiliencyrelated technologies. 
develop and implement a plan for deploying advanced energy analytics technology. 
authority (with respect to each electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority) shall consider confirming and clarifying, if necessary, that each such electric utility is authorized to recover the costs of the electric utility relating to the procurement, deployment, or use of advanced energy analytics technology, including a reasonable rate of return on all such costs incurred by the electric utility for the procurement, deployment, or use of advanced energy analytics technology, provided such technology is used by the electric utility for purposes of realizing operational efficiencies, cost savings, enhanced energy management and customer engagement, improvements in system reliability, safety, and cybersecurity, or other benefits to ratepayers. 
Each electric utility shall adopt or modify policies to ensure that such electric utility incorporates reliable generation into its integrated resource plan to assure the availability of electric energy over a 10year planning period. 
this paragraph, ‘reliable generation’ means electric generation facilities with reliability attributes that include— 
‘‘(II) the operational ability to generate electric energy from more than one source; or 
obligations, that ensures adequate fuel supply to enable operation, for an extended period of time, for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; 
the generation of electric energy for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; and 
‘‘(iii) unless procured through other procurement mechanisms, essential reliability services, including frequency support and regulation services. 
State regulatory authority may require or allow rates charged by any electric utility for which it has ratemaking authority to electric consumers that do not use a customerside technology to include any cost, fee, or charge that directly or indirectly crosssubsidizes the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of that customerside technology, such authority shall evaluate whether subsidizing the deployment, construction, maintenance, or operation of a customerside technology would— 
to electricity consumers that do not use that customerside technology, particularly where disparate economic or resource conditions exist among the electricity consumers crosssubsidizing the costumerside technology; 
‘‘(iv) provide any unfair competitive advantage to market the customerside technology; and 
‘‘(ii) that, if owned or operated by or on behalf of an electric utility, would otherwise be at, or on the customer side of, the meter.’’. 
Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
State or relevant nonregulated electric utility has conducted a proceeding to consider implementation of the standard concerned (or a comparable standard) for such utility during the 3 year period ending on the date of enactment of this subsection; or 
Section 102 of the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2612) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The requirements of this title do not apply to the operations of an electric utility, or to proceedings respecting such operations, to the extent that such operations or proceedings, or any portion thereof, relate to the competitive sale of retail electric energy that is unbundled or separated from the regulated provision or sale of distribution service.’’. 
with respect to any proposed or final covered rule issued by a Federal agency for which compliance with the rule may impact an electric utility generating unit or units, including by resulting in closure or interruption to operations of such a unit or units. 
Regulatory Commission, in consultation with the Electric Reliability Organization, shall conduct an independent reliability analysis of a proposed or final covered rule under this section to evaluate the anticipated effects of implementation and enforcement of the rule on— 
to the Commission notice of the issuance of any proposed or final covered rule not later than 15 days after the date of such issuance. 
agency’’ means an agency, as that term is defined in section 551 of title 5, United States Code. 
means a proposed or final rule that is estimated by the Federal agency issuing the rule, or the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to result in an annual effect on the economy of $1,000,000,000 or more. 
2008, 2010, 2012, and 2016, and during each fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2021,’’ and inserting ‘‘during each fiscal year beginning after September 30, 2016,’’; 
TOCARBON CAPTURE , UTILIZATION , ANDSEQUES TRATION PROJECTS .— 
this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, in accordance with this subsection, annually conduct an evaluation, and make recommendations, with respect to each project conducted by the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies (also known as carbon capture and storage and utilization technologies). 
project includes any contract, lease, cooperative agreement, or other similar transaction with a public agency or private organization or person, entered into or performed, or any payment made, by the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, or deployment of carbon 
made significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technology. 
of a project conducted under this subsection, if the Secretary determines that— 
capture, utilization, and sequestration technology has been made, the Secretary shall assess the funding of the project and make a recommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; or 
capture, utilization, and sequestration technology has not been made, the Secretary shall— 
a recommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
and recommendations made during the previous year pursuant to this subsection; and 
date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report on— 
in advancing carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies, including progress in achieving the Department of Energy’s goal of having an array of advanced carbon capture and sequestration technologies ready by 2020 for largescale demonstration. 
Part II of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 
824 et seq.), as amended by section 1104, is further amended by adding after section 215A the following new section: 
DESIGN .—Not later than 180 days after the date 
of enactment of this section, each Regional Transmission Organization, and each Independent System Operator, that operates a capacity market, or a comparable market intended to ensure the procurement and availability of sufficient future electric energy resources, that is subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, shall provide to the Commission an analysis of how the structure of such market meets the following criteria: 
competitive market forces to the extent practicable in procuring capacity resources. 
structure of such market includes resourceneutral performance criteria that ensure the procurement of sufficient capacity from physical generation facilities that have reliability attributes that include— 
‘‘(II) the operational ability to generate electric energy from more than one fuel source; or 
obligations, that ensures adequate fuel supply to enable operation, for an extended period of time, for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; 
the generation of electric energy for the duration of an emergency or severe weather conditions; and 
or procurement mechanisms, essential reliability services, including frequency support and regulation services. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall make publicly available, and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate, a report containing— 
grant rehearing or otherwise modify orders issued in those dockets.’’. 
Reserve projects needed to enhance the energy security of the United States by increasing the resilience, reliability, safety, and security of energy supply, transmission, storage, or distribution infrastructure. 
shall not draw down and sell crude oil under this subsection at a price lower than the average price paid for oil in the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
(ii) The age and condition of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve have diminished its value as a Federal energy security asset. 
amount of United States oil production and refining capacity have dramatically changed in the 40 years since the establishment of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve requires a modernized infrastructure that meets the drawdown and distribution needs of changed domestic and international oil and refining market conditions. 
establish a Strategic Petroleum Reserve modernization program to protect the United States economy from the impacts of emergency petroleum product supply disruptions. The program shall include— 
establish a grant program to provide financial assistance to States to offset the incremental rate increases paid by eligible households resulting from the implementation of Stateapproved infrastructure replacement, repair, and maintenance programs designed to accelerate the necessary replacement, repair, or maintenance of natural gas distribution systems. 
(ii) a viable means for delivering financial assistance to eligible households. 
a competitive grant program to provide grants to States, units of local government, and Indian tribe economic development entities to enhance energy security through measures for electricity delivery infrastructure hardening and enhanced resilience and reliability. 
make grants on a competitive basis to enable broader use of resiliencyrelated technologies, upgrades, and institutional measures and practices designed to— 
to mitigate power disturbances resulting from physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse attacks, geomagnetic disturbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environmental stressors; 
critical to public health, safety, and welfare, including hospitals, assisted living facilities, and schools; 
dependent essential services, including fueling stations and pumps, wastewater and sewage treatment facilities, gas pipeline infrastructure, communications systems, transportation services and systems, and services provided by emergency first responders; and 
of utility poles, wiring, cabling, and other distribution components, facilities, or structures; 
(ii) advanced grid technologies capable of isolating or repairing problems remotely, such as advanced metering infrastructure, hightech sensors, grid monitoring and control systems, and remote reconfiguration and redundancy systems; 
(iii) cybersecurity products and components; (iv) distributed generation, including backup 
generation to power critical facilities and essential services, and related integration components, such as advanced inverter technology; 
(vi) combined heat and power; (vii) waste heat resources; (viii) nongridscale energy storage technologies; 
such as Internetbased and cloudbased computing solutions and subscription licensing models; 
(xiii) operational capabilities to enhance resilience through rapid response recovery; and 
critical components through contracts, cooperative agreements, stockpiling and prepositioning, or other measures. 
programs established, or to be established, pursuant to awards provided under this paragraph shall be implemented through the States by public and publicly regulated entities on a cost shared basis. 
programs established, or to be established, pursuant to awards provided under this paragraph, award recipients shall cooperate, as applicable, with— 
award recipients shall utilize the most current data, metrics, and frameworks related to— 
physical and cyber attacks, electromagnetic pulse, geomagnetic disturbances, seismic events, and severe weather and other environmental stressors. 
(ii) METRICS .—Award recipients shall demonstrate to the Secretary with measurable and verifiable data how the deployment of resiliencyrelated technologies, upgrades, and technologies achieve improvements in the resiliency and recovery of electricity delivery infrastructure and related services, including a comparison of data collected before and after deployment. Metrics for demonstrating improvements in resiliency and recovery may include— 
when delivered power does not meet power quality requirements of the customer; 
(II) duration of customer interruptions; (III) number of customers impacted; (IV) cost impacts, including business and 
(VI) societal impacts. (iii) FURTHERING ENERGY ASSURANCE PLANS .— 
Award recipients shall demonstrate to the Secretary how projects or programs established, or to be established, pursuant to awards provided under this paragraph further applicable State and local energy assurance plans. 
$500,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2017 through 2020; 
$100,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2017 through 2020, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative expenses; and 
$250,000,000 for the period encompassing fiscal years 2017 through 2020, of which not more than 5 percent may be used for administrative expenses. 
REQUESTS .—The Secretary of Energy shall prepare and submit in the Department’s annual budget request to Congress— 
for which a multiyear budget authority would be appropriate. 
drawdown and sell crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve under this section shall expire at the end of fiscal year 2020. 
fiscal years 2006 through 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2016 through 2025’’. 
the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803) is amended— 
any recreational resource within the project boundary, the licensee shall consider private landownership as a means to encourage and facilitate— 
period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbered 12642, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and 
the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for up to 3 consecutive 2year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
Federal law with respect to an application for a license, license amendment, or exemption under this part; and 
as the lead agency for the purposes of coordinating all applicable Federal authorizations and for the purposes of complying with the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
identify, as early as practicable after it is notified by the applicant of a project or facility requiring Commission action under this part, any Federal or State agency, local government, or Indian tribe that may consider an aspect of an application for a Federal authorization. 
case of scheduling concerns identified by a State or local government agency or Indian tribe, the Federal agency overseeing the delegated authority, or the Secretary of the Interior with regard to scheduling concerns identified by an Indian tribe) for resolution. The Commission and any relevant agency shall enter into a memorandum of understanding to facilitate interagency coordination and resolution of such issues of concern, as appropriate. 
the date of enactment of this section the Commission shall, in consultation with the appropriate Federal agencies, issue a rule, after providing for notice and public comment, establishing a process for setting a schedule following the filing of an application under this part for the review and disposition of each Federal authorization. 
issuing a rule under this subsection, the Commission shall ensure that the schedule for each Federal authorization— 
State agency studies, reviews, and any other procedures required prior to, or concurrent with, the preparation of the Commission’s environmental document required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
tribe receiving a schedule under this subsection shall acknowledge receipt of such schedule in writing to the Commission within 30 days. 
Any Federal, State, or local government agency or Indian tribe that will not complete its disposition of a Federal authorization by the deadline set forth in the schedule by the Commission under section 34 may file for an extension in the United States court of appeals for any circuit wherein the project or proposed project is located, or in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. Such petition shall be filed not later than 30 days prior to such deadline. The court shall only grant an extension if the agency or tribe demonstrates, based on the record maintained under section 34, that it otherwise complied with the requirements of section 34 and that complying with the schedule set by the Commission would have prevented the agency or tribe from complying with applicable Federal or State law. If the court grants the extension, the court shall set a reasonable schedule and deadline, not to exceed 90 days, for the agency to act on remand. If the court denies the extension, or if an agency or tribe does not file for an extension as provided in this subsection and does not complete its disposition of a Federal authorization by the applicable deadline, the Commission and applicant may move forward with the proposed action.’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1304, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
and efficient completion of the license proceedings under this part, the Commission shall, in consultation with applicable Federal and State agencies and interested members of the public— 
studies and data accessible to the public that could be used to inform license proceedings 
and Indian tribes to develop and use, for the purpose of fostering timely and efficient consideration of license applications, a limited number of opensource methodologies and tools applicable across a wide array of projects, including water balance models and streamflow analyses. 
Commission shall establish a program to develop comprehensive plans, at the request of project applicants, on a regional or basinwide scale, in consultation with the applicants, appropriate Federal agencies, and affected States, local governments, and Indian tribes, in basins or regions with respect to which there are more than one project or application for a project. Upon such a request, the Commission, in consultation with the applicants, such Federal agencies, and affected States, local governments, and Indian tribes, may conduct or commission regional or basinwide environmental studies, with the participation of at least 2 applicants. Any study conducted under this subsection shall apply only to a project with respect to which the applicant participates.’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1306, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
do not impound or directly withdraw water from navigable waters; or 
the Commission may issue and amend licenses and preliminary permits, as appropriate, for closedloop pumped storage projects. 
for a closedloop pumped storage project, the Commission shall assess the safety of existing dams and other structures related to the project (including possible consequences associated with failure of such structures). 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1307, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
the Commission may approve an application for an amendment to a license issued under this part for a qualifying project upgrade. 
State agency exercising administrative control over the fish and wildlife resources, and water 
quality and supply, of the State in which the qualifying project upgrade is located; 
public lands or reservations occupied by the qualifying project upgrade; and 
‘‘(iii) any Indian tribe affected by the qualifying project upgrade. 
condition included in or applicable to a license amendment approved under this subsection, including any condition or other requirement of a Federal authorization, shall be limited to those that are— 
essential to prevent loss of or damage to, or to mitigate adverse effects on, fish and wildlife resources, water supply, and water quality that are directly caused by the construction and operation of the qualifying project upgrade, as compared to the environmental baseline existing at the time the Commission approves the application for the license amendment. 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and opportunity for public comment, issue a rule to implement this subsection. 
term ‘qualifying project upgrade’ means a change to a project licensed under this part that meets the qualifying criteria, as determined by the Commission. 
waters, or operations that, in the judgment of the Commission, would result in only insignificant or minimal cumulative adverse environmental effects; 
enhancement measures to benefit fish and wildlife resources or other natural and cultural resources; or ‘‘(III) improvements to public recreation at the 
date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and opportunity for public comment, issue a rule establishing new standards and procedures for license amendment applications under this part. In issuing such rule, the Commission shall seek to develop the most efficient and expedient process, consultation, and review requirements, commensurate with the scope of different categories of proposed license amendments. Such rule shall account for differences in environmental effects across a wide range of categories of license amendment applications. 
subsection, the Commission shall take into consideration that a change in generating or hydraulic capacity may indicate the potential environmental effects of a proposed amendment but is not determinative of such effects. 
under this subsection, the Commission shall take into consideration the range of process options available under the Commission’s regulations for new and original license applications and adapt such options to amendment applications, where appropriate.’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 
et seq.), as amended by section 1308, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
the requirements of this subsection, the Commission may grant an exemption in whole or in part from the requirements of this part, including any license requirements contained in this part, to any facility the Commission determines is a qualifying facility. 
public lands or reservations occupied by the project; and 
exemption under this subsection shall consist only of an environmental assessment, unless the Commission determines, by rule or order, that the Commission’s obligations under such Act for granting exemptions under this subsection can be met through a categorical exclusion. 
Any violation of a term or condition of any exemption granted under this subsection shall be treated as a violation of a rule or order of the Commission under this Act. 
‘Federal authorization’ has the same meaning as provided in section 34. 
any withdrawals, diversions, releases, or flows from the associated qualifying nonpowered dam, including its associated impoundment or other infrastructure; and 
term ‘qualifying nonpowered dam’ means any dam, dike, embankment, or other barrier— 
on or before the date of enactment of this section; 
or distribution of water for agricultural, municipal, navigational, industrial, commercial, environmental, recreational, aesthetic, or flood control purposes; 
section, is not equipped with hydropower generating works that are licensed under, or exempted from the license requirements contained in, this part; and 
has been certified by an independent consultant approved by the Commission as complying with the Commission’s dam safety requirements.’’. 
this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish and carry out a comprehensive program to improve education and training for energy and manufacturingrelated jobs in order to increase the number of skilled workers trained to work in energy and manufacturingrelated fields, including by— 
to equip students with the skills, mentorships, training, and technical expertise necessary to fill the employment opportunities vital to managing and operating the Nation’s energy and manufacturing industries; 
for employment with the necessary skills and certifications for skilled, semiskilled, and highly skilled energy and manufacturingrelated jobs; and 
for schools, community colleges, universities (including minority serving institutions), workforce development programs, labormanagement organizations, and industry organizations that would like to develop and implement energy and manufacturingrelated training programs. 
national laboratories, unions, State energy offices, workforce investment boards, and the energy and manufacturing industries; 
mentorships, and partnerships among organizations (including unions, industry, schools, community colleges, workforcedevelopment organizations, and colleges and universities) that currently provide effective job training programs in the energy and manufacturing fields and institutions (including schools, community colleges, workforce development programs, and colleges and universities) that seek to establish these types of programs in order to share best practices and approaches that best suit local, State, and national needs; and 
of Labor, the National Science Foundation, and industry shall develop voluntary guidelines and best practices for educational institutions of all levels, including for elementary and secondary schools and community colleges and for undergraduate, graduate, and postgraduate university programs, to help provide graduates with the skills necessary to work in energy and manufacturingrelated jobs. 
outreach to minority serving institutions (including historically black colleges and universities, predominantly black institutions, Hispanic serving institutions, and tribal institutions); 
laboratories to increase underrepresented groups’ participation in internships, fellowships, traineeships, and employment at all Department of Energy laboratories. 
outreach to employers and job trainers preparing displaced and unemployed energy and 
serving displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers with the objective of training individuals to reenter the energy and manufacturing workforce; 
industries to improve opportunities for displaced and unemployed energy and manufacturing workers to participate in internships and cooperative work/study programs; and 
and job trainers preparing such workers for emerging energy and manufacturing jobs; 
serving such workers with the objective of training them to reenter the energy and manufacturing workforce; and 
in energy efficiency, conservation, weatherization, or retrofitting, or as inspectors or auditors. 
generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity and natural gas, such as utility technicians, operators, lineworkers, engineers, scientists, and information technology specialists. 
development, manufacturing, and production of renewable energy sources (such as solar, hydropower, wind, or geothermal energy). 
as operations technicians, operations and design in additive manufacturing, 3–D printing, advanced composites, and advanced aluminum and other metal alloys, industrial energy efficiency management systems, including power electronics, and other innovative technologies. 
communitybased workforce organizations to help identify students and other candidates, including from underrepresented communities such as minorities, women, and veterans, to enroll into training and apprenticeship programs for energy and manufacturingrelated jobs. 
States, including in Europe and Asia, are seeking stable and affordable energy supplies from North America to enhance their energy security. 
improve its energy security and promote greater stability and affordability of energy supplies for its allies and trading partners through a more integrated, secure, and competitive North American energy system. 
to promote such objectives by supporting the free flow of energy commodities and more open, transparent, and competitive global energy markets, and through greater Federal agency coordination relating to regulations or agency actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, or use of energy. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall develop and transmit, after public notice and comment, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report that develops recommended United States energy security valuation methods. In developing the report, the Secretaries may consider the recommendations of the Administration’s Quadrennial Energy Review released on April 21, 2015. The report shall— 
security to reflect modern domestic and global energy markets and the collective needs of the United States and its allies and partners; 
Canada and Mexico to enhance energy integration, strengthen North American energy security, and promote efficiencies in the exploration, production, storage, supply, distribution, marketing, pricing, and regulation of North American energy resources; and 
for the development of unconventional oil and natural gas; and 
North America, including physical infrastructure as well as institutional infrastructure such as policies, regulations, and practices relating to energy development; and 
and the Secretary of State shall collaborate to strengthen domestic energy security and the energy security of the allies and trading partners of the United States, including through actions that support or facilitate— 
including energy resources and technologies, to prevent or mitigate an energy security crisis; 
than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in collaboration with the Secretary of State, shall convene not less than 2 forums to promote the collective energy security of the United States and its allies and trading partners. The forums shall include participation by the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of State. In addition, an invitation shall be extended to— 
the Department of Energy’s website, including, not later than 30 days after each forum, publication on the website any significant outcomes. 
of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and 
the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct a longrange strategic review of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve and develop and transmit to Congress a plan that includes an analysis and implementation schedule that— 
the Strategic Petroleum Reserve relative to United States energy security and economic goals and objectives; 
and maintain the Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s longterm sustainability and operational effectiveness. 
must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, construct, expand, or operate LNG export facilities, the Department of Energy shall issue a final decision on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) not later than 30 days after the later of— 
Impact Statement, 30 days after publication of a Final Environmental Impact Statement; 
Assessment has been prepared, 30 days after publication by the Department of Energy of a Finding of No Significant Impact; and 
that an application is eligible for a categorical exclusion pursuant to National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 implementing regulations. 
U.S.C. 717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
any authorization to export LNG, the Secretary of Energy shall require the applicant to publicly disclose the specific destination or destinations 
Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140; 121 Stat. 1661) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. 
‘information technology’ has the meaning given that term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. 
STRATEGY .—Not later than 1 year after the date 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Director, in consultation with the Secretary, shall establish performance goals for evaluating the efforts of Federal agencies in improving the maintenance, purchase, and use of energyefficient and energysaving information technology. 
Officers Council established under section 3603 of title 44, United States Code, shall recommend best practices for the attainment of the performance goals, which shall include Federal agency consideration of, to the extent applicable by law, the use of— 
shall include in the report of the agency under section 527 a description of the efforts and results of the agency under this section. 
than October 1, 2017, the Director shall include in the annual report and scorecard of the Director required under section 528 a description of the efforts and results of Federal agencies under this section.’’. 
contents for the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 is amended by adding after the item relating to section 529 the following: 
Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17112) is amended— 
with the Administrator, shall, not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, make available to the public an update to the Report to Congress on Server and Data Center Energy Efficiency published on August 2, 2007, under section 1 of Public Law 109– 431 (120 Stat. 2920), that provides— 
Budget, shall establish an open data initiative for Federal data center energy usage data, with the purpose of making such data available and accessible in a manner that encourages further data center innovation, optimization, and consolidation. In establishing the initiative, the Secretary shall consider the use of the online Data Center Maturity Model. 
key stakeholders, shall actively participate in efforts to harmonize global specifications and metrics for data center energy and water efficiency. 
Secretary, in collaboration with key stakeholders, shall facilitate the development of an efficiency metric that measures the energy efficiency of a data center (including equipment and facilities). 
shall not disclose any proprietary information or trade secrets provided by any individual or company for the purposes of carrying out this section or the programs and initiatives established under this section.’’. 
date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the impact of thermal insulation on both energy and water use systems for potable hot and chilled water in Federal buildings, and the return on investment of installing such insulation. 
or regional water for delivered water and the avoided cost of new water; and 
including shortterm and longterm (20 years) projections of such savings. 
Section 543 of the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8253) is amended— 
each agency shall apply energy conservation measures to, and shall improve the design for the construction of, the Federal buildings of the agency (including each industrial or laboratory facility) so that the energy consumption per gross square foot of the Federal buildings of the agency in fiscal years 2006 through 2017 is reduced, as compared with the energy consumption per gross square foot of the Federal buildings of the agency in fiscal year 2003, by the percentage specified in the following table: 
water evaluation during the 8year period preceding the date of the evaluation; 
‘‘(iii) has not had a major change in function 
or use since the previous evaluation and commissioning, recommissioning, or retrocommissioning; 
‘‘(bb) the date— ‘‘(AA) of the most recent commissioning, recommissioning, or retrocommissioning; or 
‘‘(BB) on which ongoing commissioning, recommissioning, or retrocommissioning began; or 
Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832) is amended— 
renovation’ means a modification of building energy systems sufficiently extensive that the whole building can meet energy standards for new buildings, based on criteria to be established by the Secretary through notice and comment rulemaking.’’. 
the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, the Secretary shall establish, by rule, revised Federal building energy efficiency performance standards that require that— 
of the IECC (in the case of residential buildings) or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 (in the case of commercial buildings) as of the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015; and 
State and local building codes applicable to the building, if the codes are more stringent than the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applicable; 
cost effective for new Federal buildings and Federal buildings with major renovations— 
to the location, siting, design, and construction of all new Federal buildings and replacement Federal buildings; 
‘‘(III) if water is used to achieve energy efficiency, water conservation technologies shall be applied to the extent that the technologies are lifecycle cost effective; and 
to other reasonably available technologies, not less than 30 percent of the hot water demand for each new Federal building or Federal building undergoing a major renovation be met through 
the installation and use of solar hot water heaters. 
apply to unaltered portions of existing Federal buildings and systems that have been added to or altered. 
(ii) by striking clause (ii); (iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘(iii) In identifying’’ and inserting the following: 
(vii) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘(vii) In addition to’’ and inserting the following: 
Federal Government which owns or operates a parking area for the use of its employees (either directly or indirectly through a contractor) may install, construct, operate, and maintain on a reimbursable basis a battery recharging station in such area for the use of privately owned vehicles of employees of the office and others who are authorized to park in such area. 
(including terms relating to the allocation between the office and the vendor of the costs of carrying out the contract) as the head of the office and the vendor may agree to. 
fees collected by the head of an office under this subsection shall be— 
credit of the appropriations account for salaries and expenses of the office; and 
may be construed to affect the installation, construction, operation, or maintenance of battery recharging stations by the Architect of the Capitol— 
relating to employees of the House of Representatives and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the House of Representatives on the Capitol Grounds; or 
relating to employees of the Senate and individuals authorized to park in any parking area under the jurisdiction of the Senate on the Capitol Grounds. 
with respect to fiscal year 2016 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
date of enactment of this subparagraph, the Commission shall initiate a rulemaking to consider making a special note in a prominent manner on any Energy Guide label for any product that includes Smart Grid capability that— 
‘‘(II) the use and value of that feature depend 
on the Smart Grid capability of the utility system in which the product is installed and the active utilization of that feature by the customer; and 
‘‘(III) on a utility system with Smart Grid capability, the use of the product’s Smart Grid capability could reduce the customer’s cost of the product’s annual operation as a result of the incremental energy and electricity cost savings that would result from the customer taking full advantage of such Smart Grid capability. 
FOR AIR CONDITIONING, FURNACE, BOILER, HEAT PUMP, AND WATER HEATER PRODUCTS. 
after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Secretary shall initiate a negotiated rulemaking in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’) to develop criteria that have consensus support for achieving recognition by the Secretary as an approved voluntary verification program. Any subsequent amendment to such criteria may be made only pursuant to a subsequent negotiated rulemaking in accordance with subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. 
‘‘(III) satisfies any applicable elements of— ‘‘(aa) International Organization for Standardization standard numbered 17025; and 
obtained products following the test procedures established under this title to verify the certified rating of a representative sample of products and equipment within the scope of the program; 
‘‘(VI) requires the changing of the performance rating or removal of the product or equipment from the program if testing determines that the performance rating does not meet the levels the manufacturer has certified to the Secretary; 
substantiate ratings through test data generated in accordance with Department of Energy regulations; 
‘‘(VIII) allows for challenge testing of products and equipment within the scope of the program; 
‘‘(IX) requires program participants to disclose the performance rating of all covered products and equipment within the scope of the program for the covered product or equipment; 
standards that the Secretary shall establish consistent with this subparagraph. 
information that has already been provided to the Secretary. 
‘‘(aa) if the testing is necessary— ‘‘(AA) to assess the overall performance of a 
‘‘(BB) to address specific performance issues; ‘‘(CC) for use in updating test procedures and 
‘‘(bb) if such testing is agreed to during the 
in this paragraph limits the authority of the Secretary to enforce compliance with any law.’’. 
section 325 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6295), the Secretary of Energy is considering amending the energy conservation standards applicable to residential nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home gas furnaces; 
are likely to result in a consensus recommendation, but several of the stakeholders do not support suspending the current rulemaking. 
such a notice prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall publish, not later than October 31, 2015, a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking or a notice of data availability updating the proposed rule entitled ‘Energy Conservation Program for Consumer Products: Energy Conservation Standards for Residential Furnaces’ and published in the Federal Register on March 12, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13119), 
to provide notice and an opportunity for comment on— 
into two or more product classes with separate energy conservation standards based on capacity; and 
‘‘(iii) Not later than July 31, 2016, but not before July 1, 2016, the Secretary shall publish a final rule containing a determination of whether the standards for nonweatherized gas furnaces and mobile home gas furnaces should be amended. Such rule shall contain any such amendments to the standards.’’. 
Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17111) is amended by striking the section heading and inserting the following: ‘‘ FUTURE 
‘energy service provider’ means any business providing technology or services to improve the energy efficiency, water efficiency, power factor, or load management of a manufacturing site or other industrial process in an energyintensive industry, or any utility operating under a utility energy service project.’’. 
and capabilities of the industrial research and assessment centers, the centers shall— 
Laboratories of the Department of Energy to leverage the expertise and technologies of the National Laboratories for national industrial and manufacturing needs; and 
providers and technology providers to leverage private sector expertise and accelerate deployment of new and existing technologies and processes for energy efficiency, power factor, and load management. 
Section 324A of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6294a) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
participation of a product in the Energy Star program shall not create an express or implied warranty or give rise to any private claims or rights of action under State or Federal law relating to the disqualification of that product from Energy Star if— 
shall be construed to require the Administrator to modify any procedure or take any other action.’’. 
18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate on the efforts made to take advantage of, and promote, the utilization of advanced technologies such as Internet of Things endtoend platform solutions to provide real time actionable analytics and enable predictive maintenance and asset management to improve energy efficiency wherever feasible. In doing so, 
the Secretary shall look to encourage and utilize Internet of Things energy management solutions that have security tightly integrated into the hardware and software from the outset. The Secretary shall also encourage the use of Internet of Things solutions that enable seamless connectivity and that are interoperable, open standardsbased, and built on a repeatable foundation for ease of scalability. 
maintenance savings associated with systems modernized or replaced with the implementation of energy conservation measures, water conservation measures, or any series of energy conservation measures and water conservation measures.’’. 
National Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8287a) is amended by striking ‘‘(and related operation and maintenance expenses)’’ and inserting ‘‘, including related operations and maintenance expenses’’. 
in energy or water use, more efficient waste recycling, or additional energy generated from more efficient equipment.’’. 
Section 392 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6371a) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
school (as defined in section 9101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801)); 
section 5212 of the Tribally Controlled Schools Act of 1988 (25 U.S.C. 2511)); and 
Secretary, acting through the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, shall establish a clearinghouse to disseminate information regarding available Federal programs and financing mechanisms that may be used to help initiate, develop, and finance energy efficiency, distributed generation, and energy retrofitting projects for schools. 
Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6832), as amended by section 4116, is further amended— 
term ‘model building energy code’ means a voluntary building energy code or standard developed and updated through a consensus process among interested persons, such as the IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1 or a code used by other appropriate organizations regarding which the Secretary has issued a determination that buildings subject to it would achieve greater energy efficiency than under a previously developed code.’’; and 
‘ASHRAE Standard 90.1’ means the American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and AirConditioning Engineers ANSI/ASHRAE/IES Standard 90/1 Energy Standard for Buildings Except LowRise Residential Buildings. 
International Energy Conservation Code as published by the International Code Council. 
has the meaning given the term in section 4 of the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103). 
and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6833) is amended to read as follows: 
by States, Indian tribes, and, as appropriate, by local governments, that are technically feasible and costeffective; and 
after the date on which a model building energy code is published, each State or Indian tribe shall certify whether or not the State or Indian tribe, respectively, has reviewed and updated the energy provisions of the building code of the State or Indian tribe, respectively. 
include a statement of whether or not the energy savings for the code provisions that are in effect throughout the State or Indian tribal territory meet or exceed— 
shall be interpreted to require a State or Indian tribe to adopt any building code or provision within a code. 
Indian tribe certifies progress toward achieving compliance, the State or Indian tribe shall repeat the certification until the State or Indian tribe certifies that the State or Indian tribe has achieved full compliance. 
buildings covered by the code in the preceding year; or 
plan for achieving compliance during the 8year period beginning on the date of enactment of this paragraph, including annual targets for compliance and active training and enforcement programs; and 
tribe has demonstrated meeting the criteria of this subsection, including accurate measurement of compliance; 
shall be interpreted to require a State or Indian tribe to adopt any building code or provision within a code. 
‘‘(iii) implementation of this section; and ‘‘(iv) improvements in energy savings over 
cost benefits and returns (using a return on investment analysis), and lifetime energy use for buildings; 
‘‘(iii) resulting overall annual building ownership and operating costs. 
request, provide technical assistance to States and Indian tribes to implement the goals and requirements of this section— 
shall include, as requested by the State or Indian tribe, technical assistance in— 
intensity and building types for use in model building energy codes to evaluate the efficiency impacts of the model building energy codes; and 
‘technical assistance’ shall not include actions that promote or discourage the adoption of a particular building energy code, code provision, or energy savings target to a State or Indian tribe. 
building energy codes, including increasing and verifying compliance with the codes and training of State, tribal, and local building code officials to implement and enforce the codes. 
available, up to 3 to 6 years in advance of the target years. 
the United States shall conduct a study of the impacts of updating the national model building energy codes for residential and commercial buildings. In conducting the study, the Comptroller General shall consider and report, at a minimum— 
stemming from updated energy codes compared to the energy consumption savings predicted during code development; 
‘‘(ii) the actual consumer cost savings stemming from updated energy codes compared to predicted consumer cost savings; and 
Federal funds under each program authorized by this title. 
years after the date of enactment of the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives including the study findings and conclusions. 
consultation with building science experts from the National Laboratories and institutions of higher education, designers and builders of energyefficient residential and commercial buildings, code officials, and other stakeholders, shall undertake a study of the feasibility, impact, economics, and merit of— 
that buildings be designed, sited, and constructed in a manner that makes the buildings more adaptable in the future to become zeronet energy after initial construction, as advances are achieved in energysaving technologies; 
year payback, not just firstyear energy use, in tradeoffs and performance calculations; and 
savings from building energy codes, including additional incentives for effective State and local verification of compliance with and enforcement of a code. 
section or section 307 supersedes or modifies the application of sections 321 through 346 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6291 et seq.). 
or States, to promote or discourage the adoption of a particular building energy code, code provision, or energy saving target to a State or Indian tribe; or 
Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6836) is amended to read as follows: 
technical assistance, for updating the model building energy codes. 
model building energy codes shall be the 2009 IECC for residential buildings and ASHRAE Standard 90.1–2010 for commercial buildings. 
shall be established and revised by the Secretary through rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code, and coordinated with nationally recognized code and standards developers at a level that— 
and residential high performance buildings through high performance energy efficiency (within the meaning of section 401 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17061)). 
after the date of enactment of this clause, the Secretary shall establish initial targets under this subparagraph. 
Secretary shall use climate zone weighted averages for equipment efficiency for heating, cooling, ventilation, and water heating systems, using equipment that is actually installed. 
timely basis, provide technical assistance to model building energy codesetting and standard development organizations consistent with the goals of this section. 
shall include, as requested by the organizations, technical assistance in— 
by Indian tribes in accordance with tribal law; and 
through direct Federal employee participation in committee meetings, hearings and online communication, voting, and presenting research and technical or economic analyses during such meetings. 
proposals submitted by the Secretary shall be published in the Federal Register and made available on the Department of Energy website 90 days prior to any submittal to a code development body, and shall be subject to a public comment period of not less than 60 days. Information provided by the Secretary, attendant to submission of any amendment proposals, is influential information and shall satisfy the guidelines established by the Office of Management and Budget and published at 67 Federal Register 8,452 (Feb. 22, 2002). When calculating the costs and benefits of an amendment, the Secretary shall use climate zone weighted averages for equipment efficiency for heating, cooling, ventilation, and water heating systems, using equipment that is actually installed. 
shall make publicly available the entire calculation methodology (including input assumptions and data) used by the Secretary to estimate the energy savings of code or standard proposals and revisions. 
ASHRAE Standard 90.1 regarding building energy use are revised, the Secretary shall make a preliminary determination not later than 90 days after the date of the revision, and a final determination not later than 15 months after the date of the revision, on whether or not the revision— 
compared to the existing IECC or ASHRAE Standard 90.1, as applicable; 
proposed changes made by the Secretary to the model building energy code or standard. 
withstanding any other provision of this section, any model building code or standard established under this section shall not be binding on a State, local government, or Indian tribe as a matter of Federal law.’’. 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6292) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
for which a definition is provided in section 321, the Secretary may, by rule, unless prohibited herein, modify such definition in order to— 
efficiency of the product as part of an energy using system. 
to the definition of a covered product and an explanation of the reasons therefor shall be published in the Federal Register and opportunity provided for public comment. 
accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or 
that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufacturers of covered products, States, and efficiency advocates), as determined by the Secretary, which contains a recommended modified definition for a covered product. 
consumer product which becomes a covered product pursuant to this subsection— 
rules pursuant to section 324 if the Commission determines that labeling in accordance with that section is technologically and economically feasible and likely to assist consumers in making purchasing decisions; 
‘‘(iii) section 327 shall begin to apply to such 
section 325 shall not apply to such type or class of product. 
consumer product which ceases to be a covered product pursuant to this subsection, the provisions of this part shall no longer apply to the type or class of consumer product.’’. 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6312) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
for which a definition is provided in section 340, the Secretary may, by rule, unless prohibited herein, modify such definition in order to— 
efficiency of the equipment as part of an energy using system. 
to the definition of a type of covered equipment and an explanation of the reasons therefor shall be published in the Federal Register and opportunity provided for public comment. 
to the definition of a type of covered equipment under this subsection must have consensus support, as reflected in— 
accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or 
that is submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufacturers of covered equipment, States, and efficiency advocates), as determined by the Secretary, which contains a recommended modified definition for a type of covered equipment. 
rules pursuant to section 344 if the Secretary determines that labeling in accordance with that 
section is technologically and economically feasible and likely to assist purchasers in making purchasing decisions; 
‘‘(iii) section 327 shall begin to apply to such 
section 325, 342, or 346 shall not apply to such type or class of covered equipment. 
which ceases to be covered equipment pursuant to this subsection the provisions of this part shall no longer apply to the type or class of equipment.’’. 
and 325 of this Act shall be considered as references to sections 341, 343, 344, and 342 of this Act, respectively;’’. 
‘‘(ii) other energy conservation standards affecting the same manufacturers.’’; and 
or prescribe an amendment to the test procedures issued pursuant to section 323 for any type or class of covered product after the issuance of a notice of proposed rulemaking to prescribe an amended or new energy conservation standard for that type or class of covered product, but before the issuance of a final rule 
have consensus support achieved through a rulemaking conducted in accordance with the subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘Negotiated Rulemaking Act of 1990’); or 
submitted jointly by interested persons that are fairly representative of relevant points of view (including representatives of manufacturers of the type or class of covered product, States, and efficiency advocates), as determined by the Secretary, which contains a recommendation that a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking is not necessary for the type or class of covered product.’’. 
and carry out a smart energy and water efficiency management pilot program in accordance with this section. 
of water, wastewater, and water reuse systems to help communities across the United States make significant progress in conserving water, saving energy, and reducing costs; 
processes and the installation of advanced automated systems that provide realtime data on energy and water; and 
water quality, and predictive maintenance of energy and water systems, through the use of Internetconnected technologies, including sensors, intelligent gateways, and security embedded in hardware. 
competitive, meritreviewed grants under the pilot program to not less than 3, but not more than 5, eligible entities. 
(ii) the innovative nature, commercial viability, and reliability of the technology to be used; 
a variety of geographic regions and the degree to which the technology can be implemented on a smaller or larger scale, including whether the technology can be implemented by each type of eligible entity; 
(vi) whether the technology has been successfully deployed elsewhere; 
(VI) the number of users to be served by the 
determines to be necessary to complete the review and selection of a grant recipient. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall select grant recipients under this section. 
(ii) assesses the degree to which the project is 
the request of a grant recipient, the Secretary shall provide technical and policy assistance to the grant recipient to carry out the project. 
(ii) a description of any best practices identified by the Secretary as a result of those evaluations. 
Secretary shall use not more than $15,000,000 of amounts made available to the Secretary. 
under this section, the Secretary shall prioritize funding in the following manner: 
the Environmental Protection Agency a voluntary program, to be entitled ‘WaterSense’, to 
meeting the certification criteria established in this section; and 
means, by which an item may be certified to display the WaterSense label; 
‘‘(iii) using testing protocols, from the appropriate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of determining standards compliance; and 
in the marketplace and preventing cases of misuse; and 
parties and the public of any such changes, including effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; 
‘‘(ii) soliciting comments from interested parties and the public prior to any such changes; 
prior to the applicable effective date of any such changes, taking into account the timing necessary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific waterefficient product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed. 
section, and, to the degree that an agency action is based on science, the Administrator shall use— 
and supporting studies conducted in accordance with sound and objective scientific practices; and 
best available methods (if the reliability of the method and the nature of the decision justify use of the data). 
or maintaining standards for Energy Star pursuant to section 324A, and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary and Administrator shall coordinate to prevent duplicative or conflicting requirements among the respective programs. 
‘waterefficient product, building, landscape, process, or service’ means a product, building, landscape, process, or service for a residence or a commercial or institutional building, or its landscape, that is rated for water efficiency and performance, the covered categories of which are— 
contents for the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (Public Law 94–163; 42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 324A the following new item: 
within the Commission an Office of Compliance Assistance and Public Participation (referred to in this section as the ‘Office’). The Office shall be headed by a Director. 
shall promote improved compliance with Commission rules and orders by— 
with, the transmission or sale of electric energy subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission shall be just and reasonable and not unduly discriminatory or preferential; and 
of electric energy are not impaired and consumers are not damaged; and 
Commission rules and orders on small entities, as defined in section 601 of title 5, United States Code (commonly known as the Regulatory Flexibility Act); 
by the Commission the opportunity to obtain timely guidance for compliance with Commission rules and orders; and 
and Congress to inform policy with respect to energy issues under the jurisdiction of the Commission. 
improved compliance with Commission rules and orders through outreach, publications, and, where appropriate, direct communication with entities regulated by the Commission.’’. 
after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report describing the results of a study of whether and how the current market rules, practices, and structures of each regional transmission entity produce rates that are just and reasonable by— 
of generation resources during emergency and severe weather conditions, resource adequacy, and reliability, including the costeffective retention and development of needed generation; 
decisions, including the need for outofmarket actions and payments, and the accuracy of day ahead unit commitments; 
disruptive effects of tariff revisions on the economic decisionmaking of market participants. 
serving entity’’ has the meaning given that term in section 217 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824q). 
‘‘regional transmission entity’’ means a Regional Transmission Organization or an Independent System Operator, as such terms are defined in section 3 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 796). 
Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6373) is repealed. 
contents for the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (Public Law 94–163; 89 Stat. 871) is amended— 
Section 400EE of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6374d) is amended— 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 253. 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 254. 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended by striking the item relating to section 273. 
Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 154. 
contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 156. 
AUDIT SURVEY AND PRESIDENT’S COUNCIL ON INTEGRITY AND EFFICIENCY REPORT TO CONGRESS. 
contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 160 and inserting the following: 
contents for the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–486; 106 Stat. 2776) is amended by striking the item relating to section 161. 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8279) is repealed. 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206; 121 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8451) is repealed. 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 741. 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8454) is repealed. 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 744. 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8456) is repealed. 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 746. 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8457) is repealed. 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 747. 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8483) is repealed. 
contents for the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 807. 
and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8484) is repealed. 
of the Powerplant and Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 8422) is amended— 
Industrial Fuel Use Act of 1978 (Public Law 95– 620; 92 Stat. 3289) is amended by striking the item relating to section 742. 
contents for the Emergency Energy Conservation Act of 1979 (Public Law 96–102; 93 Stat. 749) is amended— 
contents for the Energy Conservation and Production Act (Public Law 94–385; 90 Stat. 1125) is amended by striking the item relating to section 207. 
Energy Conservation Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 8271 et seq.) is repealed. 
contents for the National Energy Conservation Policy Act (Public Law 95–619; 92 Stat. 3206) is amended— 
contents for the Energy Security Act (Public Law 96–294; 94 Stat. 611) is amended by striking the items relating to subtitle F of title V. 
other than section 1201, shall be derived from amounts appropriated under authority provided by previously enacted law. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘National Energy Security Corridors Act’’. 
Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended as follows: 
for a natural gas pipeline rightofway, means all lands owned by the United States except— 
lands as National Energy Security Corridors (in this subsection referred to as a ‘Corridor’), which shall be used for construction, operation, and maintenance of natural gas transmission facilities; and 
lands for designation as a National Energy Security Corridor, the Secretary shall— 
ensure route decisions balance national energy security needs with existing land use principles; 
than 1 year after the date of receipt of an application for a rightofway; and 
of a State may submit requests to the Secretary of the Interior to designate Corridors on Federal land in that State. 
implementing this subsection, the Secretary shall coordinate with other Federal Departments to— 
number or physical dimensions of Corridors that the Secretary may designate under this subsection. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act’’. 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ON FEDERAL LANDS CONTAINING ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILITIES. 
Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION, AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILITY RIGHTSOFWAY. 
to operate and maintain the facility in good working order and to comply with Federal, State and local electric system reliability and fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and plans to meet such reliability standards; 
inspection, and operation and maintenance activities within existing electrical transmission and distribution rightsofway; and 
that are necessary to control hazard trees within or adjacent to electrical transmission and distribution rightsofway; and 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly develop a consolidated and coordinated process for review and approval of— 
agency comments to submitted plans and final approval of such plans; 
‘‘(iii) is consistent with applicable law; and ‘‘(iv) minimizes the costs of the process to the 
reviewing agency and the entity submitting the plans; and 
manner if changed conditions necessitate a modification to a plan. 
changed conditions that warrant a modification to a plan; 
operator to submit a proposed plan amendment to address directly the changed condition; and 
to implement those elements of the approved plan that do not directly and adversely affect the condition precipitating the need for modification. 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall apply his or her categorical exclusion process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to plans developed under this subsection on existing transmission and distribution rightsofway under this subsection. 
under this subsection shall become part of the authorization governing the covered rightof way and hazard trees adjacent to the rightof way. If a vegetation management plan is proposed for an existing transmission and distribution facility concurrent with the siting of a new transmission or distribution facility, necessary reviews shall be completed as part of the siting process or sooner. Once the plan is approved, the owner or operator shall provide the agency with only a notification of activities anticipated to be undertaken in the coming year, a description of those activities, and certification that the activities are in accordance with the plan. 
PLAN.—The term ‘vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan’ means a plan that— 
one or more electrical transmission or distribution facilities to cover one or more electric transmission and distribution rightsofway; and 
efficient and timely management of facilities and vegetation within the width of the rightof way and adjacent Federal lands to enhance electricity reliability, promote public safety, and avoid fire hazards. 
‘owner’ and ‘operator’ include contractors or other agents engaged by the owner or operator of a facility. 
means any tree inside the rightofway or located outside the rightofway that has been found by the either the owner or operator of a transmission or distribution facility, or the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture, to be likely to fail and cause a high risk of injury, damage, or disruption within 10 feet or less of an electric power line or related structure if it fell. 
If vegetation on Federal lands within, or hazard trees on Federal lands adjacent to, an electrical transmission or distribution rightofway granted by the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture has contacted or is in imminent danger of contacting one or more electric transmission or distribution lines, the owner or operator of the transmission or distribution lines— 
avoid the disruption of electric service and risk of fire; and 
the relevant Secretary not later than 24 hours after such removal. 
on Federal lands within or adjacent to an electrical transmission or distribution rightofway under the jurisdiction of each Secretary does not meet clearance requirements under standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation, or by State and local authorities, and the Secretary having jurisdiction over the lands has failed to act to allow a transmission or distribution facility owner or operator to conduct vegetation management activities within 3 business days after receiving a request to allow such activities, the owner or operator may, after notifying the Secretary, conduct such vegetation management activities to meet those clearance requirements. 
transmission or distribution facility shall not be held liable for wildfire damage, loss or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, if— 
fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; 
operators of transmission and distribution facilities to incorporate on a voluntary basis vegetation management practices to enhance habitats and forage for pollinators and for other wildlife so long as the practices are compatible with the integrated vegetation management practices necessary for reliability and safety. 
the enactment of this section, prescribe regulations, or amend existing regulations, to implement this section; and 
the enactment of this section, finalize regulations, or amend existing regulations, to implement this section. 
an owner or operator to develop and submit a vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan if one has already been approved by the Secretary or Secretary of Agriculture before the date of the enactment of this section.’’. 
to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in House Report 114–359. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by 
the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
to consider amendment No. 1 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Amend the table of contents to read as follows: 
inspection, and operation and maintenance on Federal lands containing electric transmission and distribution facilities. 
performance standards; certification system and level for Federal buildings. 
for air conditioning, furnace, boiler, heat pump, and water heater products. 
survey and President’s Council on Integrity and Efficiency report to Congress. 
impacts of increased coal production and other energy development. 
Page 25, strike lines 1 though 11 and insert 
Commission shall segregate critical electric infrastructure information or information that reasonably could be expected to lead to the disclosure of the critical electric infrastructure information within documents and electronic communications, wherever feasible, to facilitate disclosure of information that is not designated as critical electric infrastructure information. 
Beginning on page 36, strike line 21 and all 
that follows through page 37, line 3 and insert the following: 
Beginning on page 38, strike line 20 and all 
that follows through page 39, line 2 and insert the following: 
(in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall, in accordance with this section, annually conduct an evaluation, and make recommendations, with respect to each project conducted by the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies (also known as carbon capture and storage and utilization technologies). 
project includes any contract, lease, cooperative agreement, or other similar transaction with a public agency or private organization or person, entered into or performed, or any payment made, by the Secretary for research, development, demonstration, or deployment of carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technologies. 
conducting an evaluation of a project under this section, the Secretary shall— 
has made significant progress in advancing a carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration technology. 
make a recommendation as to whether increased funding is necessary to advance the project; 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall— 
the date of enactment of this Act, and every 3 years thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Subcommittee on Energy and Power of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on— 
Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 185) is amended as follows: 
this section ‘Federal lands’ means’’ and inserting the following: 
to ensure route decisions balance national energy security needs with existing land use principles; 
than 1 year after the date of receipt of an application for a rightofway; and 
of a State may submit requests to the Secretary of the Interior to designate Corridors on Federal land in that State. 
receiving such a request, the Secretary shall respond in writing, within 30 days— 
Secretary shall grant, deny, or modify such request and state the reasons for doing so. 
In implementing this subsection, the Secretary shall coordinate with other Federal 
industries submitting applications for rightsofway to site corridors in economically feasible areas that reduce impacts, to the extent practicable, on local communities. 
the number or physical dimensions of Corridors that the Secretary may designate under this subsection. 
Nothing in this subsection affects the authority of the Secretary to issue rightsof way on Federal land that is not located in a Corridor designated under this subsection. 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE ON FEDERAL LANDS CONTAINING ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILITIES. 
Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
INSPECTION, AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE RELATING TO ELECTRIC TRANSMISSION AND DISTRIBUTION FACILITY RIGHTSOFWAY. 
electric transmission and distribution facility to operate and maintain the facility in good working order and to comply with Federal, State, and local electric system reliability and fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation and plans to meet such reliability standards; 
expedited review and approval of utility vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance activities, especially activities requiring prompt action to avoid an adverse impact on human safety or electric reliability to avoid fire hazards. 
INSPECTION , AND OPERATION AND MAINTE NANCE PLANS .— 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall jointly develop a consolidated and coordinated process for review and approval of— 
for agency comments on submitted plans and final approval of such plans; 
‘‘(iii) is consistent with applicable law; and ‘‘(iv) minimizes the costs of the process to 
the reviewing agency and the entity submitting the plans; and 
manner if changed conditions necessitate a modification to a plan. 
any changed conditions that warrant a modification to a plan; 
or operator to submit a proposed plan amendment to address directly the changed condition; and 
Secretary and the Secretary of Agriculture shall apply his or her categorical exclusion process under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) to plans developed under this subsection on existing electric transmission and distribution rightsofway under this subsection. 
under this subsection shall become part of the authorization governing the covered rightofway and hazard trees adjacent to the rightofway. If a vegetation management plan is proposed for an existing electric transmission and distribution facility concurrent with the siting of a new electric transmission or distribution facility, necessary reviews shall be completed as part of the siting process or sooner. Once the plan is approved, the owner or operator shall provide the agency with only a notification of activities anticipated to be undertaken in the coming year, a description of those activities, and certification that the activities are in accordance with the plan. 
to avoid the disruption of electric service and risk of fire; and 
agent of the relevant Secretary not later than 24 hours after such removal. 
electric transmission or distribution facility shall not be held liable for wildfire damage, loss, or injury, including the cost of fire suppression, if— 
vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan on Federal lands under the relevant Secretary’s jurisdiction within or adjacent to a rightof way to comply with Federal, State, or local electric system reliability and fire safety standards, including standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; or 
facility to perform appropriate vegetation management activities in response to an identified hazard tree, or a tree in imminent danger of contacting the owner’s or operator’s electric transmission or distribution facility. 
and fire safety requirements, including reliability standards established by the North American Electric Reliability Corporation; 
transmission and distribution facilities to comply with applicable electric reliability and fire safety requirements; and 
and operators of electric transmission and distribution facilities to incorporate on a voluntary basis vegetation management practices to enhance habitats and forage for pollinators and for other wildlife so long as the practices are compatible with the integrated vegetation management practices necessary for reliability and safety. 
of the enactment of this section, propose regulations, or amended existing regulations, to implement this section; and 
of the enactment of this section, finalize regulations, or amended existing regulations, to implement this section. 
MAINTENANCE PLANS .—Nothing in this section requires an owner or operator to develop and submit a vegetation management, facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan if one has already been approved by the Secretary or Secretary of Agriculture before the date of the enactment of this section. 
means any tree inside the rightofway or located outside the rightofway that has been found by the either the owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility, or the Secretary or the Secretary of Agriculture, to be likely to fail and cause a high risk of injury, damage, or disruption within 10 feet of an electric power line or related structure if it fell. 
‘owner’ and ‘operator’ include contractors or other agents engaged by the owner or operator of an electric transmission and distribution facility. 
facility inspection, and operation and maintenance plan’ means a plan that— 
of one or more electric transmission or distribution facilities to cover one or more electric transmission and distribution rightsof way; and 
sections for the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1761 et seq.), is amended by inserting after the item 
inspection, and operation and maintenance relating to electric transmission and distribution facility rightsofway.’’. 
Strike section 1301. Redesignate sections 1302 through 1309 as 
on Science, Space, and Technology,’’ after ‘‘Energy and Commerce’’. 
on Commerce, Science, and Transportation,’’ after ‘‘Energy and Natural Resources’’’. 
Strike section 3005. Redesignate section 3006 as section 2005. Redesignate sections 4111 through 4117 as 
Page 157, beginning on line 15, strike ‘‘, to 
Strike section 4124. Redesignate sections 4125 through 4127 as 
Strike chapter 3 of subtitle A of title III, 
as redesignated by this amendment, and redesignate chapters 4 through 7 of such subtitle as chapters 3 through 6, respectively. 
Redesignate section 4141 as section 3131. Redesignate sections 4151 and 4152 as sections 3141 and 3142, respectively. 
Redesignate sections 4161 and 4162 as sections 3151 and 3152, respectively. 
Redesignate sections 4171 and 4172 as sections 3161 and 3162, respectively. 
all that follows through page 219, line 2 and insert the following: 
the Secretary is authorized to use not more than $15,000,000, to the extent provided in advance in appropriation Acts. 
Redesignate section 4211 as section 3211. Redesignate sections 4221 and 4222 as sections 3221 and 3222, respectively. 
all that follows through page 239, line 2 and insert the following: 
out of funds authorized under previously enacted laws, amounts required for carrying out this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
strikes a number of provisions, some of which have already been enacted into law, and makes technical and conforming changes to the reported text of H.R. 8, H.R. 2295, and H.R. 2358. So the overall bill, I would say, H.R. 8, is a broad, bipartisan bill. It seeks to maximize America’s energy potential, and it seeks to update and modernize outdated policies rooted in an era of energy scarcity to reflect today’s era of energy abundance. I think that this is a good amendment. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
we get to this point? How did we get to the point of the majority party bringing forth this highly partisan, backwardslooking, doesmoreharmthan good socalled energy bill after all the time and all the effort that was put forth by both sides to come up with a bipartisan compromise? 
Mr. Chairman, after working together for the majority of this year, literally moments before the full Energy and Commerce Committee was set to mark up this bill, the rug was pulled out from under the minority side, and the Republicans turned their collective back on the legislative compromise. 
had reneged on its prior commitments, and what was initially supposed to be an infrastructure bill would contain no actual funding for any infrastructure projects—not one red cent. 
to fund a grid modernization program and a pipeline replacement program that would have benefited lowincome consumers, the majority has also stripped the one provision of the bill that received widespread praise and support from both sides of the aisle. 
that my office had authored has been stripped from this awful excuse for a comprehensive energy bill. 
all of the care and support that my Republican colleagues professed to have for helping minorities, women, and veterans find goodpaying energy jobs and careers has somehow not only dissipated, but has totally disappeared. 
few highly privileged desk jockey elitists from the Heritage Foundation, helping to improve the plight of millions of disadvantaged Americans who have been historically underserved and underemployed within the energy sector is now considered to be, to use their very words, ‘‘wasteful, ineffective, and inefficient.’’ So, what we are left, Mr. Chairman, 
with is this: What aspects of this bill can we take back to our constituents? What aspects of this bill can we tell our constituents with a straight face will help them improve their lives? 
attempt to strip away oversight and roll back regulations in order to help industry game the system and increase its profit at the expense of the American people. Mr. Chairman, this bill is a sham, and it will actually take the Nation’s energy policy backwards, all the way back. 
Workforce amendment represented a win for industry, a win for our communities, and a win for Americans all. Deleting this very provision that was unanimously approved in committee speaks volumes about the majority’s commitment to minorities, to women, and to veterans. This bill, H.R. 8, leaves women behind, it leaves minorities behind, it leaves veterans behind, it leaves lowincome communities behind, and it leaves America behind. 
Mr. Chairman, for this reason, I oppose the bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I ask for 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
to consider amendment No. 2 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Page 4, line 5, through page 10, line 3, 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) and a 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment simply strikes section 1101 of the underlying bill. The section is a solution in search of a problem. The section’s purported goal is to reinforce the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission’s role as the lead agency for siting interstate natural gas pipelines; however, I do not think there is any doubt over FERC’s role in pipeline siting approval. In reality, this section is designed to 
further expedite permitting for natural gas pipelines. But there is very little evidence that this process needs expediting, which ultimately would restrict States and other Federal agencies’ ability to review projects and the public’s ability to comment on them. 
approval process for pipelines by FERC and found 95 percent are approved within 2 years. When it takes longer, it is because the project is large or controversial due to taking of private property, traversing State or Federal land, or requiring placement of compression stations and other operation equipment in an area close to existing infrastructure or communities. 
Even the industry agrees that pipeline approvals are happening. In October, Pipelines Digest, an industry publication, wrote: 
Through April 30 of this year, FERC certified and placed in service almost twice as many natural gas projects and more than doubled the miles of pipeline that were put in service and certified through the same date in 2014. 
is no problem that needs fixing. So what evidence is there that the certification process needs to be further tilted in favor of pipeline companies at the expense of environmental review and public comment? I would say there isn’t any. Yet, Mr. Chairman, this section would require FERC to decide on a pipeline application within 90 days after the Commission issues its final environmental document, regardless of the complexity of the application. 
environmental data collected by aerial or other remote surveys instead of onsite inspections. This would enable pipeline companies to circumvent property owners’ rights when surveying land, all in hopes of speeding up projects. 
complicated and can be controversial. I know this well since there are a number of projects currently being developed in or near the district I represent. I hear from my constituents about these projects regularly. They are very concerned, and they feel like they are being left out of this process. They are concerned about the safety and about the noise, air, and water pollution from the construction and operation of the pipeline’s associated facilities. The pipeline companies do not have a problem. The public does. 
no matter how beneficial to the public interest, can be controversial. Someone is always unhappy about the selected route or placement of these facilities. But we need to do a better job of bringing the public along, and these provisions do the opposite. 
to be part of large projects that impact their communities. Does that take extra time? Yes. Is it less convenient for the company? Yes. But these pipelines will be in service for many decades. If it is worth doing, it is worth 
doing right. So I see no reason why we 
should be expediting projects if we cannot be sure they can be built in a safe and environmentally friendly manner. 
regulators are given the time needed to carefully review applications for the construction of natural gas pipelines and to ensure that the landowners and the general public have the ability to participate meaningfully in the siting process. This section undermines that process. 
I urge support of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield the balance of 
my time to the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN ) for a 
Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding to me. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of the Tonko amendment and strongly urge its adoption. 
bill includes a critical provision that I would like to highlight. This language would allow big energy companies to use aerial and remote surveying to circumvent key FERC environmental reviews. 
face of the rights of local governments and even private landowners to make decisions about the use of their own property. This provision allows Big Energy to bypass more comprehensive and appropriate ontheground surveys to assess the environmental impacts of energy infrastructure. 
project that New Jerseyans know all too well—the PennEast pipeline. PennEast is the proposed 108mile natural gas pipeline that would run from Pennsylvania, across the Delaware River, and terminate in Hopewell Township in my district. If built, this pipeline would threaten some of the most environmentally sensitive areas in the Delaware River Basin, farmland, watersheds, and uninterrupted natural areas. 
along the PennEast route has officially lodged their opposition or disapproval. Concerned citizens have packed scoping meetings to make their voices heard to stop this pipeline. These are diverse communities across two States represented by Members of Congress on both sides of the aisle. Areas I represent, like Mercer County and Hopewell, and scores of private property owners have exercised their right to deny PennEast access to their property to carry out their surveys. 
me to Congress to fight for the environment and to stand up against ill conceived projects such as this one. 
from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment. Section 1101 makes important improvements to FERC’s process for reviewing interstate natural gas pipelines. 
As we all know, the demand for natural gas is growing, which requires new and modernized pipeline infrastructure. It has got to happen. 
Unfortunately, the permitting process is becoming increasingly complex and challenging. Rate hikes hit the families and businesses that can least afford it the hardest, the most vulnerable. So we have worked very diligently to find some agreement on this provision. We have held hearings, received technical assistance from FERC, and accepted many of their recommendations. 
Section 1101 would authorize concurrent permitting reviews, require more transparency through the process, and allow for the use of new survey technology for citing pipelines. 
hearing before the House Energy and Commerce Committee, FERC Chairman Bay acknowledged the need for new pipeline capacity and signaled his support for the enhanced transparency provisions and the regulatory dashboard that is required by section 1101. 
strike a commonsense approach to introduce greater public transparency and accountability for Federal and State permitting agencies, and therefore I would ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
to consider amendment No. 3 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Page 12, line 23, insert ‘‘and energy storage’’ after ‘‘infrastructure’’. 
Page 14, line 1, insert ‘‘, the energy storage 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a 
Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act will directly enhance reliable energy security when our communities are most vulnerable during natural disasters. My amendment simply adds energy storage as a form of energy that the Department of Energy should consider to improve emergency preparedness. 
The bill in its current form only addresses the need to have resilient oil and natural gas infrastructure, which we certainly should all support. 
Energy storage encompasses technologies capable of storing previously generated electric energy and releasing that energy at a later time. It can include various types of batteries, capacitors, fuel cells, and more and has the potential to improve electric power grids, enable growth in renewable electricity generation, and provide alternatives to oilbased fuels in the Nation’s transportation sector. 
to reach 40 gigawatts in capacity by 2022, a hundredfold increase from 2013. 
more and more common. Over the last 4 years, the Federal Government has spent more than $136 billion on relief for hurricanes, tornados, droughts, wildfires, and other weatherrelated events. 
We know that for every dollar we invest in preparedness and resiliency we save $4 in cleanup and restoration, not to mention the lives that would be saved—something we cannot put a dollar value on. 
including energy storage in preparation plans will save lives and save money. 
SDG&E, are testing and developing energy storage to accommodate renewable energy, which makes up 33 percent of its power. 
Unified School District, are adding largescale battery storage to their campuses that go beyond California’s energy efficiency guidelines to save money as heat waves and temperatures continue to spike. 
including UCSD, are part of the California State publicprivate partnership, CalCharge, that is developing the next generation of energy storage. 
withstand extreme weather events with added energy storage is just common sense. Including energy storage in this bill is a smart, forwardthinking step to equip States and localities with the tools they need both in advance and in the aftermath of natural disasters. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
The gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
the amendment. I think that it is a good amendment. It includes energy storage as a form of energy that DOE should consider to enhance emergency preparedness for energy supply disruptions during natural disasters. 
It improves the bill, and I compliment the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I thank 
on this bill. I appreciate your consideration on inclusion of my amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . FRANKS OF  
to consider amendment No. 4 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
term ‘grid security vulnerability’ means a weakness that, in the event of a malicious act using an electromagnetic pulse, would pose a substantial risk of disruption to the operation of those electrical or electronic devices or communications networks, including hardware, software, and data, that are essential to the reliability of the bulkpower system. 
VULNERABILITIES .—If the Commission, after notice and opportunity for comment and 
after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and an opportunity for comment and after consultation with the Secretary and other appropriate Federal agencies, issue an order directing the Electric Reliability Organization to submit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 6 months after the issuance of such order, reliability standards adequate to protect the bulk power system from any reasonably foreseeable geomagnetic storm or electromagnetic pulse event. The Commission’s order shall specify the nature and magnitude of the reasonably foreseeable events against which such standards must protect. Such standards shall appropriately balance the risks to the 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall, after notice and an opportunity for comment and after consultation with the Secretary and other appropriate Federal agencies, issue an order directing the Electric Reliability Organization to submit to the Commission for approval under section 215, not later than 1 year after the issuance of such order, reliability standards addressing availability of large transformers. Such standards shall require entities that own or operate large transformers to ensure, individually or jointly, adequate availability of large transformers to promptly restore the reliable operation of the bulkpower system in the event that any such transformer is destroyed or disabled as a result of a geomagnetic storm event or electromagnetic pulse event. The Commission’s order shall specify the nature and magnitude of the reasonably foreseeable events that shall provide the basis for such standards. Such standards shall— 
11year period commencing on the date of enactment of this section, the Tennessee Valley Authority and the Bonneville Power Administration shall be exempt from any requirement under this subsection. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Chairman, I want first to thank the chairman of the Rules Committee, Mr. SESSIONS , for making this amendment in 
chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. UPTON , for his support 
for the amendment and also just for the entire effort on his part in other committees of jurisdiction to move this underlying and critically important bill forward. 
and the reliability of our electric grid are inextricably related. Without the grid, telecommunications no longer operate, transportation of every kind is profoundly affected, sewage and water treatment facilities stop, and a safe and continuous food supply is interrupted. 
Contemporary society, Mr. Chairman, is not structured nor does it have the means to provide for the needs of nearly 300 million Americans without electricity. The current strategy for recovery from a failure of the electric grid leaves us illprepared to respond effectively to a significant manmade or naturally occurring electromagnetic pulse event that would potentially result in damage to vast numbers of the critical electric grid components nearly simultaneously or over an unprecedented geographic scale. 
on U.S. electric infrastructure are potentially catastrophic in a major EMP or severe space weather event unless practical steps are taken to provide protection for critical elements of the electric system. 
those by DOD, DOE, the Army War College, the National Academy of Sciences, and the bipartisan Electromagnetic Pulse Commission have all 
United States bulk power grid is critically vulnerable to severe space weather and electromagnetic pulse, and this represents a profound danger to this Nation. 
hardening our critical defense assets against electromagnetic pulse. However, the Department of Defense depends upon the unprotected civilian grid within the continual United States for 99 percent of their electricity needs without which they cannot effect their mission. 
national security experts, as well as many of our enemies or potential enemies, consider a wellexecuted weaponized electromagnetic pulse against America to be a ‘‘kill shot’’ against America. 
grid remains fundamentally unprotected against a severe EMP, and for it to remain so is an open invitation to our enemies to exploit this dangerous vulnerability. 
amends section 215 of the Federal Power Act by creating a protocol for cooperation between industry and government in the development, promulgation, and implementation of standards and processes that are necessary to address the current shortcomings and vulnerabilities of the electric grid from a major EMP event. 
such protocols for the protection of the grid but only in a ‘‘grid security emergency,’’ defined in the bill as the actual occurrence of the EMP event or the imminent danger of one, and only after the President issues a written directive declaring such an emergency. 
a parachute that opens on impact. The nature of this threat is such that if there is a true emergency it may be too late to effectively respond. My amendment is critical because it proactively encourages cooperation on a solution to our vulnerability before it is deemed an emergency. 
say that we live in a time where the vulnerabilities to our electric grid, our most critical infrastructure, are big enough to be seen and still small enough to be addressed. This is our moment. 
this vital amendment to protect Americans and our national security from this dangerous threat. 
gentleman, I agree with what you have to say, that the electromagnetic pulse, EMP, and geomagnetic disturbances really do pose a real threat to the grid. 
I think your amendment is constructive. It moves the bill forward. I have a few small concerns, but it is a good amendment, and I certainly intend to 
chairman more than I know how to say, and I hope that it comes to fruition as it should. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, I claim the 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. RUSH. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment aims to address the threat of electromagnetic pulses and geomagnetic storms on the Nation’s electric grid. 
our Nation’s electric grid, I don’t agree that we should only focus on these highimpact, lowfrequency events. There are many other threats, Mr. Chairman, to the grid that deserve just as much focus. 
The Franks amendment may undermine current FERC authority in the process for developing consistent technical standards for grid security already in place under Federal law. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
to consider amendment No. 5 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Page 45, line 8, insert ‘‘(which may not be 
required to be for a period longer than one year)’’ after ‘‘contractual obligations’’. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Maine is blessed with natural resources. We have 3,000 miles of breathtaking coastline. We have healthy fisheries. We have an abundance of inland waterways, rivers, streams, lakes, and ponds, and we have an abundance of water as a result. We have potatoes and broccoli in our farming communities, and our landscape is dotted with small organic farms that continue to grow. And, most importantly, or as importantly, Maine is right in the middle of the country’s wood basket. 
strand of trees, one can leave behind the branches and the bark for that matter to decompose and become part of the carbon cycle, or that bark and branches and chips can be collected and 
transported to paper mills to burn energy or to burn to create energy to run the machinery to create paper, or they can be trucked to power plants to produce electricity. 
same carbon footprint if that biomass decays on the forest floor or if it is burned in a paper mill or an electric generating station. 
loggers and truckers, and also we help fuel our State economy and our Nation’s economy by using this renewable, green, abundant, safe, homegrown biomass. 
shifted away from foreign importation of oil for all kinds of reasons, not the least of which is national security. And, today, throughout our country, we are using more natural gas and oil developed here in our country, in America—also nuclear power, hydro, and biomass. 
Today, Mr. Chairman, Federal regulations allow electric utilities to determine the reliability of the source of fuel they are burning to create electricity. Part of that reliability equation is the length of a contract to deliver that fuel source to the power plant. 
not up to snuff, then that fuel source would result in electricity generated by that power plant not having full access to the power grid and not being able to sell its product, electricity, to the economy. 
example, Mr. Chairman, are usually sold in 2 or 3year contracts. The reason for that is because coal today is mostly used to generate electricity. 
use branches and wood chips and bark and biomass that includes other organic materials to create pellets that are burned in wood stoves or to create mulch that gardeners use or also to create plywood and other materials. As a result, Mr. Chairman, biomass as a fuel source is usually sold in 1year increments. 
Energy Security and Infrastructure Act, where I am offering an amendment, Mr. Chairman, is a small technical amendment but a very important one, because what it does is it puts all fuel sources on a level playing field, able to compete in the market, such that biomass—a green, renewable, environmentally friendly, homegrown source of fuel for our electric generators—is not penalized. 
Chairman. It is good for job creation. It strengthens our national security because it diversifies the fuel sources that we need to fuel and power our electric generators that are used in creating jobs and creating products throughout our country. 
As a result, Mr. Chairman, I ask everybody in this Chamber, Republicans 
commonsense amendment to help our State, to help our country, to help our economy, and to help our families live better lives. 
Mr. POLIQUIN. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. 
want to say to my colleagues that this amendment clarifies that electric plants can be considered reliable without having to enter into supply contracts that are greater than a year. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. 
gentleman from Maine’s amendment adds further specificity to the criteria defining fuel certainty, one of the three requirements that defines reliable generation in section 1107 of the bill. 
Regulatory Policies Act, or PURPA, is already too prescriptive, in my view. The amendments in this legislation to capacity markets under the Federal Power Act in section 1110 and to PURPA in section 1107 are an attempt at micromanaging grid decisions. 
from Maine’s amendment would be other than to ensure that no electric generation facility need enter into a contract with a fuel supplier that was any longer than 1 year. 
in the New England capacity market, but I doubt this is the best way to address those problems. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MR . VEASEY  
to consider amendment No. 6 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Energy shall transmit to Congress a report on the potential commercial use of carbon capture, utilization, and storage technologies (including enhanced oil recovery), its potential effects on the economy and gross domestic product (GDP), and its contributions to the United States greenhouse gas emission reduction goals if widely utilized at major carbon dioxideemitting power 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ) and a Member 
pleased to offer an amendment that would require the Department of Energy to submit a report to Congress related to carbon capture, utilization, and sequestration, known as CCUS technologies. 
This report would explore the potential effects that the commercial utilization of CCUS technologies would have on the Nation’s economy and our gross domestic product. It would also examine what these technologies could contribute to our efforts to reach our greenhouse gas emission reduction goals. 
My amendment is intended to supplement the CCUS evaluation report that is required by the underlying legislation. I am confident that this study’s finding will provide concrete evidence that CCUS represents a way to benefit the economy and the environment while meeting our Nation’s energy needs. 
CCUS is a combination of technologies that allows industries to capture carbon, or CO2, emissions for 
transport or storage before they are emitted into the atmosphere. These technologies have the potential to allow for the continued use of industries while decreasing the amount of CO2released into the environment. 
shown us that fossil fuels will continue to make up a sizable portion of our Nation’s energy portfolio. So, as we continue to pursue an alloftheabove energy policy, we must also be sure that we use these resources in an environmentally responsible fashion. Carbon capture technologies do achieve that goal. That is evident in the wide range of support it receives from industry as well as from environmental groups. 
about the various aspects of CCUS, commercial or largescale deployment has not been achieved, and that is for a variety of different reasons. The absence of commercial projects has led to a fractured understanding of its widespread economic and environmental benefits. 
So it is important for us to understand the potential economic benefits CCUS could hold for consumers and stakeholders if we continue to urge the Department of Energy to increase its investments in the research and development of these technologies. 
provide industry stakeholders and likely investors with concrete data to make those economic decisions. 
Finally, as America continues to participate in the global effort to address climate change, we must also understand what CCUS can contribute to our emission reduction goals. By considering longterm climate mitigation needs, this study could provide reason for the Department of Energy to continue to support CCUS technologies even if a DOEsupported project does not immediately succeed. 
possible applications, from oil recovery and so on, and it is time that we really understood how a largescale deployment of this technology would benefit our country. So I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires the Department of Energy to submit a report to Congress on the potential effects that the commercial utilization of carbon capture and sequestration could have on the economy, energy infrastructure, and greenhouse gas emission goals. 
I support the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. VEASEY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
to consider amendment No. 7 printed in House Report 114–359. 
In subtitle A of title I, add at the end the 
and the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other relevant agencies and stakeholders, shall conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the United States. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I applaud the work of Chairman U PTON and 
his staff in their bringing this crucial energy bill to the floor, and I want to thank them for that. 
this amendment, which directs the Department of Energy and the Department of Commerce to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing one or more ethane storage and distribution hubs in the United States. This study will also examine the potential benefits that an ethane storage hub would have on our Nation’s energy security. 
shale gas formations has increased dramatically over the last 15 years, and ethane is the largest component of that shale gas. Most of the ethane production is used in the petrochemical sector in order to make ethylene, a major component used in the feedstock for manufacturing. 
Yet, while the ethane supply continues to grow, the lack of infrastructure and storage inhibits its potential for America’s manufacturing economy. Establishing ethane storage and distribution hubs could bring about new markets for these stranded liquids and allow America’s shale formations to achieve their full potential as critical national energy assets. 
infrastructure will make our economy less vulnerable to potential unanticipated disruptions and will reduce transportation costs. 
study and decentralization of ethane activity could encourage investment in manufacturing and the expansion of the petrochemical industry all across America. 
Mr. MCKINLEY. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. 
amendment is a good amendment. It directs the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce, in consultation with other relevant agencies and stakeholders, to conduct a study on the feasibility of establishing an ethane storage and distribution hub in the U.S. 
about it over the last number of months. I think it is a good amendment, and it adds to the bill, so I support the amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 8 OFFERED BY MRS . ELLMERS  
to consider amendment No. 8 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
It is the policy of the United States to promote and advance— 
enable a robust multidirectional power flow that leverages centralized energy resources and distributed energy resources, enables robust retail transactions, and facilitates the alignment of business and regulatory models to achieve a grid that optimizes the entire electric delivery system; 
data to enable the dynamic optimization of grid operations; 
basic and applied sciences to develop a systems approach to innovation and development of cybersecure advanced grid technologies, architectures, and control paradigms capable of managing diverse supplies and loads; 
delivery infrastructure of the United States and the enhanced resilience of the infrastructure to all hazards, including— 
to optimize the grid, and other measures for energy efficiency, advanced grid technologies, interoperability, and demand responseside management resources; 
or other related information necessary to enhance grid integration, particularly in connection with the development at the State and local levels of strategic energy, energy surety and assurance, and emergency preparedness, response, and restoration planning; 
communications technologies at all levels of the electric system; 
architectures, and common information model standards, guidelines, and protocols that enable interoperability to maximize efficiency gains and associated benefits among— 
methods and tools for costbenefit analysis of grid integration paradigms. 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this bipartisan amendment. 
JERRY MCNERNEY of California. Together, we chair the Grid Innovation Caucus with the belief that we need to have a bold and ambitious vision for modernizing our Nation’s electric grid. 
resembles that of the original grid built over 100 years ago. New technology has given us the opportunity to transform a 20th century grid into a 21st century grid, and my home State of North Carolina is helping to lead the way. In fact, North Carolina is the secondleading State in grid innovation technology development behind California. 
grid and the entire electric system up to date in order to meet the changing demands of our digital economy. This amendment is simply a statement of policy and a blueprint for what we want our future grid to consist of and how we want it to perform. By adopting this amendment, we begin to develop a concrete plan to further secure our grid. 
happen now, and this energy package moves the debate forward. Technology has given us the ability to further secure our grid from physical and cyber threats as well as increase the efficiency, reliability, and redundancy of this vital component. 
thank my colleague from North Carolina for yielding and for her work on the Grid Innovation Caucus, which is one example of bipartisan cooperation for the good of the Nation. 
statement on grid modernization policy. This will establish a clear vision to achieve the future grid. 
effort to transition to clean energy sources. That said, our current electric grid has much the same technology that was in place for the last 100 years. We need to improve and upgrade the grid to meet the 21st century demands and the demands of the digital economy. 
The future grid must be reliable, secure, resilient, and affordable while integrating a range of resources and devices, including intermittent renewable energy, storage, and electric vehicles. 
policy, or vision, will help achieve these objectives while maintaining the secure, safe, reliable, and affordable power for which our Nation is known. 
I thank my colleague, who is the cochair of the Grid Innovation Caucus, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the amendment. 
the amendment, and I congratulate the two on its being a bipartisan amendment. This makes a strong policy on grid modernization. I appreciate their work, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 9, AS MODIFIED , OFFERED BY  
to consider amendment No. 9 printed in House Report 114–359. 
amendment No. 9, and I ask unanimous consent that it be modified in the form I have placed at the desk. 
designate the amendment, as modified, and report the modification. 
The text of the amendment, as modified, is as follows: 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
Not later than 120 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the amendment is modified. Pursuant to House Resolution 542, 
the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed 
Rules Committee for allowing this amendment to come to the floor. Let me thank Chairman SESSIONS and 
I think we have a collective commitment and need to continue to assess the electric grid. According to a Department of Energy report on the economic benefits of increasing the electric grid resilience, the electric grid in the State of Texas is highly vulnerable to severe weather, cyber attacks, vandalism, and terrorism. Mr. Chairman, Texas is only an example. 
I hold in my hand a letter from the 
Senate Committee on Veteran Affairs & Military Installations that has come to my attention and the House Committee on Defense and Veterans’ Affairs to take note of the vulnerability. I use this letter from the State to only say that other States are in the same category. 
That is why the Jackson Lee amendment is very relevant, because it requires a report to be promulgated upon our Nation’s preparedness for challenges in energy as it pertains to cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
I sit on the Homeland Security Committee’s Cybersecurity, Infrastructure Protection, and Security Technologies Subcommittee, and we see every day vulnerabilities to the cybersecurity or the infrastructure. The importance of this amendment was underscored, as I indicated, in a letter that I received. 
the utilization of geothermal power, in addition to other renewable strategies, to address some of the energy insecurities faced by this Nation. In today’s world of natural and manmade disasters in the energy sector, seeking and implementing complementary alternative measures, such as that proposed in my amendment, will help address some of the insecurity issues triggered by these disasters. 
many of our home States, whether it is tornados or hurricanes, we know that the grid is an important survival asset for the Nation. 
According to the DOE report, the average yearly cost of power outages from severe weather in the U.S. is between $18 billion to $33 billion. Cold weather in a number of States caused two emergencies that knocked out 9,355 megawatts. 
These events warn us that key infrastructure facilities along the Gulf Coast and many other places continue to stress our grid. Thus, this amendment seeks to facilitate the United States’ exploration of possibilities, 
in ensuring through this report that we are in front of it, if we can be, to strengthen our electric grid, to look for alternatives, to be ahead of cybersecurity attacks, vandalism, weather conditions, and assure the American public that they do have a resilient system that will last during times of great disaster. 
Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE for their leadership and commitment to 
American energy infrastructure development, security, independence and economic growth. 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the members of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. 
According to a Department of Energy Report on the Economic Benefits of Increasing Electric Grid Resilience, the electrical grid in the state of Texas is highly vulnerable to severe weather, cyber attacks, vandalism and terrorism. 
This is why Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9 is very relevant because it requires a report to be promulgated on our nation’s preparedness for challenges in energy, as pertains to cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism and severe weather. 
The importance of this Amendment was underscored in a letter addressed to me and other members of the Texas Delegation from the Texas Senate Veterans Affairs and Military Installations Committee and the Texas House Defense and Veteran’s Affairs Committee. 
My Amendment offers the option of the utilization of geothermal power in addition to other renewable strategies to address some of the energy insecurities faced by my home state of Texas and by our nation as a whole. 
Georgia to New Jersey, we have all seen the devastation natural and man made disasters have wrought on the livelihood of Americans. 
disasters in the energy sector, seeking and implementing complementary alternative measures such as that proposed in my Amendment will help address some of the insecurity issues triggered by these disasters. 
state of Texas is an example that underscores the imperative of a well informed report corroborated by data and facts. 
DOE report, the average yearly cost of power outages from severe weather in the U.S. is between $18–$33 billion; Cold weather in Texas caused a level two emergency that knocked out 9,355 MW of power that drastically increased wholesale electricity prices 100 times the normal rate in January 2014; 
Additionally, in 2014 alone, there were approximately eight major power outages in the Corpus Christi area, three of which affected nearby Navy bases. 
facilities along the gulf coast operate 24/7 365 days a year, with ongoing powerful power demands, and there is a need for enormous and capable energy security infrastructures, prepared to handle natural and manmade disasters. 
United State’s exploration of the possibilities, strategies and the utility of promoting energy infrastructures. 
Indeed, part of what I hope will be the result 
of the report requested by my Amendment are the timelines, actions and plans for bolstering energy security and infrastructure development in our nation. 
dividends of investing in infrastructures that foster the utilization of our geothermal resources to promote energy security and efficiency. 
Indeed, according to reports, Texas’ geothermal resources can complement both off site wind and solar projects and leverage the earth’s constant heat in gulf coast pressurized zones and eliminate dependency on external fuel sources. 
For example, the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) published a study in 2012 that determined a minimum of 2,500 Megawatts to the power of 3 (MW3) of geothermal potential within the gulf coast region. 
For those of us in the Gulf Coast, our geothermal can serve as an unlimited resource which can provide relief to facilities in need of clean, stable power and set a new standard for sustainability. 
Additionally, geothermal resource can be instrumental in fostering our nation’s renewable energy, while adding military value to our defense installations. 
For all of these reasons, I urge my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment Number 9. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I reserve the balance of my time. 
the amendment before it was revised. I support the amendment as revised. 
This amendment directs the Secretary of Energy to submit to the House and Senate Energy Committees a report on methods to increase electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, and severe weather. Actually, as amended, it requires it submit to the Congress versus the specific committees. 
I think it is a fine amendment, and I 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. I yield to the 
to also lend my support to the legislation on grid resiliency. I think it is 
very important. I appreciate the gentlewoman putting it forward. 
the Senate Committee on Veteran Affairs & Military Installations of the State of Texas and the House Committee on Defense and Veterans’ Affairs. 
SENATE COMMITTEE ON VETERAN AFFAIRS & M ILITARY INSTALLATIONS  
AND HOUSE COMMITTEE ON DEFENSE AND VETERANS ’ AFFAIRS , 
of the Texas Senate Committee on Veteran Affairs and Military Installations and the House Committee on Defense and Veterans’ Affairs, we are writing to ask for your support for the development of geothermal energy along the Gulf Coast to provide onsite power and increased energy independence to critical infrastructure facilities that include Military bases such as Naval Air Station (NAS) Corpus Christi, Naval Air Station Kingsville, and the Ports of Corpus Christi and Brownsville. 
The August 2013 Report of Economic Benefits of Increasing Electric Grid Resilience authored by the Department of Energy determined that in addition to cyberattacks, vandalism, and terrorism, the electrical grid is highly vulnerable to severe weather. The average yearly cost of power outages from severe weather in the U.S. is between $18$33 billion. Cold weather in Texas caused a level two emergency that knocked out 9,355 MW of power that drastically increased wholesale electricity prices 100 times the normal rate in January 2014. Additionally in 2014, there 
were approximately eight major power outages in the Corpus Christi area, three of which affected the nearby Navy bases. Key infrastructure facilities along the gulf coast operate 24/7/365 and their ongoing power demands are enormous; however, the need for cleaner and more cost effective renewables is also increasing. 
The National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL), who supports the military’s renewable energy goal, published a study in April 2012 that determined a minimum of 2,500 MW of geothermal power potential within the gulf coast region and more recent review by geothermal energy developers have doubled that estimate. Our committees were briefed recently on a conceptual plan to generate as much as 10MW of geothermal power within a 2acre area at NAS Corpus Christi and up to 5MW at NAS Kingsville. The Corpus Christi Army Depot who is a tenant on NAS Corpus Christi is also considering a plan through its Energy Service Company (ESCO) to utilize geothermal power with a MicroGrid onsite to enhance its energy security in case of power outage. This MicroGrid would complement other off site renewable power sent from the local grid. 
Act of 2005, Presidential Executive Orders 13423 and 13513, and the Department of the Navy’s own Renewable Energy Security Goals established by Navy Secretary Ray Mabus in October 2012 are some of the other drivers that are encouraging the military’s use of any geographically available onsite renewable sources by 2015 and 2020 respectively. The Navy’s 2012 report only considered 1.2MW Solar PV for onsite generation at NAS Corpus Christi; however we understand their renewable energy team has acknowledged Geothermal is an option that has still not been implemented. 
Texas’ Geothermal resources can complement both offsite wind and solar projects and leverage the earth’s constant heat in 
gulf coast geopressured zones and eliminate dependency on external fuel sources. This unlimited resource will provide relief to facilities in need of clean, stable power and set a new standard for sustainability while fostering renewable energy growth in Texas and adding military value to our defense installations. 
committees, we ask for your support and advocacy of this approach to military leaders in Washington D.C. It will improve military value for our defense installations, create new jobs in the energy sector, and benefit the State of Texas as a whole. If you would like more information on the potential projects in Texas, please feel free to contact staff of either Committee. 
let me conclude by simply saying I thank both Mr. UPTON and Mr. P ALLONE for joining in the unanimous consent to revise the amendment simply to say that this report on increasing methods to increase the electric grid resilience with respect to all threats, including cyber attacks, vandalism, terrorism, severe weather, will go to the Congress. I thank them very much. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment, as modified, offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KILDEE  
to consider amendment No. 10 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of subtitle A of title I, add the 
States shall conduct a study of ways in which the capabilities of the National Response Center could be improved. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ) and a 
Response Center is a joint operation between the U.S. Coast Guard, the EPA, and other agencies. It is the sole Federal point of contact for reporting hazardous substance releases and oil spills. 
dangerous spills, staffed by the Coast Guard 24 hours a day, passing on reports to relevant national response teams. 
Those teams then go to the site of a 
spill, assess the situation, determine the best way to mitigate exposure, and quickly clean up the spill. Often it is the Coast Guard being called upon to clean up a spill when it involves surface water. 
Guard station in my district to learn more about their operations. While I was there, we talked quite a bit about a serious deficiency in their capabilities, a deficiency that came to light during one of the greatest environmental disasters that our State has faced, and the chairman is quite aware of this. 
In 2010, there was a large spill on the 
Kalamazoo River. It was the largest inland oil spill in the history of the U.S., in fact. The Coast Guard was called upon to help with those cleanup efforts. 
learned that the equipment that they had brought to the spill was for one type of oil—the oil that they believed to have been involved in this particular incident—but the oil in the Kalamazoo River was an entirely different type and consistency than what they had expected, and it required a different cleanup method. 
Guard actually had to return back to their station, hours away, to get the right equipment. Meanwhile, this spill continued into this river. 
have been much more easily mitigated had the National Response Center possessed the basic information regarding the contents of that particular pipeline so they could pass the information on to the Coast Guard to address the spill when it occurred. 
often flying blind as they head out to spills. Without this important information, the likelihood of much more serious damage, such as what we saw in 2010 in the Kalamazoo River, is much higher. 
folks, including the people within the Coast Guard, about ways to improve their ability to address and respond to this type of spill. 
would simply require the GAO to conduct a study of ways in which the capabilities of the National Response Center could be improved, including providing additional information on the contents of these pipelines. 
that could then guide policymakers in improving the National Response Center, providing them the tools they need in the 21st century. 
The National Response Center receives over 6,000 calls per year across the country on all different sorts of spills. Giving the National Response 
Center the tools they need in order to respond to these incidents as quickly as possible with the right information is critical not only to protecting public health, but in preventing longterm damage to the environment. 
the district that I represent, the Great Lakes, I have 77 miles of shoreline—we are particularly concerned about surface water spills, and this information is absolutely critical. Forty million people depend on the Great Lakes for drinking water. We want to ensure that those who are charged with responding to accidents, such as the one we saw in Michigan, have all the information and tools available to them. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
amendment. I want to say to my friend from the great State of Michigan that this is obviously an issue that is close to both of our hearts. 
I want to go back. When I was first 
elected a few years ago, one of the first bills that I saw enacted into law was an oil spill response team for the Great Lakes. It was actually a visit, I think, now to your district, Bay City, back then, which had a fairly significant oil spill. We found out that the Coast Guard was totally unprepared. My amendment was added, I want to say, to a highway bill to get it done. 
Kalamazoo River in Calhoun County a few years ago, we looked at that. We actually passed the UptonDingell—not the DEBBIE DINGELL , but the John Dingell—bill on pipeline safety, which I want to say passed this body with more than 400 votes. 
one that was very important, which was, when there is an oil spill, it had to be reported to PHMSA within an hour versus on a timely basis. That was a big change. 
Now that we expect the passage tomorrow of the highway bill, Chairman SHUSTER and myself will be working 
again to reauthorize the pipeline safety bill. I am led to believe that we will be prepared to start early next year to bring a bill to the floor. I look forward to your support. 
the current system is a good thing, which is why I strongly support your amendment today. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
want to thank the chairman for his good work on this. I look forward to working with him again on additional pipeline safety measures as they come to the floor. I appreciate his support 
ahead. With that, unless the ranking member would like time, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. KILDEE ). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 11 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
to consider amendment No. 12 printed in House Report 114–359. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ) and a 
am trying to figure out who would be opposed to this amendment, so maybe I will just talk my few minutes and go from there. 
trying to figure out, let’s see, energy that goes along in wires would be electrical energy. If it is coal, it is probably on a truck or a train. If it is oil or gas, it is on a pipeline or maybe in a truck, maybe in a boat or barge. 
transportation of energy, so this amendment is extraordinarily important because it really says that, if you are going to study energy, you better study how you are going to get it to 
wherever it needs to go. This amendment, being such an important amendment, and so long—let’s see, transportation. Wow, not even 15 letters. That is all it does. It simply adds the word ‘‘transportation’’ to the study section of this bill, requiring the Department of Energy, as it studies energy, to study how it gets from here to there. That is it. 
Now, I can go on for another 4 minutes or so, but after doing so, it won’t make any difference because we really need to study energy and figure out how it gets to where it needs to go. That is the amendment. Add the word ‘‘transportation’’ in it. 
the time in opposition but speak in support of the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, this 
amendment adds inclusion of the energy transportation to the list of considerations for the energy security 
the Secretary of Energy to establish transparent and uniform procedures and criteria to ensure that energyrelated actions that significantly affect the supply, distribution, or use of energy are evaluated with respect to their potential impact on energy security, including their impact on the consumer and the economy and energy supply and diversity. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
came in prepared for a brawl, and all I get is acceptance of an amendment. I think I will go with that and say thank you, Mr. Chairman, for the extraordinary wisdom that apparently we both seem to have. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MR . MCKINLEY  
to consider amendment No. 13 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of title III, add the following 
law, including any other provision of this Act and any amendment made by this Act, to the extent that the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) applies to the issuance of a permit for the construction, operation, or maintenance of a facility for the export of bulk commodities, no such permit may be denied until each applicable Federal agency has completed all reviews required for the facility under such Act. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY ) 
and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
again, I applaud the committee, and particularly the staff, for the hard work they have done in putting together this comprehensive piece of legislation on energy. It has been long overdue to have that energy bill, so I am delighted it is here on the floor. 
I rise today in support of an amendment which is cosponsored by my colleague from Montana, Congressman ZINKE. This amendment will ensure 
that no permit for a coal export facility can be denied until all reviews required under the National Environmental Policy Act, known as NEPA, have been completed. The NEPA review process is critical 
to ensure that the communities can provide input on any proposed project, and it allows the developer the opportunity to work with the citizens of a community and the regulatory agency to address any concerns that may arise. Denying a permit request for a coal export facility before the NEPA process is complete would send a precedent that indicates that those voices of affected parties don’t matter and diminish the value of the NEPA process. 
regulatory agency must first take into consideration the merits of the project, voices of the people, their thoughts, concerns, and the findings of the NEPA report before acting on a permit and simply not advancing an anticoal ideology. 
after time, Democratic Members have come to the floor to strike bad NEPA language from bills, only to be voted down by Republicans who use streamlining as a euphemism for letting polluters do whatever they want. Now they expect us to believe that they are sincere about keeping NEPA strong in one perverse scenario in which they think it could help them. Well, I don’t think that passes the smell test. What is more, the amendment undermines the treaty rights of the Lummi Nation and jeopardizes the sovereignty of all tribes with rights to natural resources. 
here on the House floor to vote on the conference report for a highway bill which includes, over the opposition of many Democrats, sweeping exemptions from the requirements of the National Environmental Policy Act. I have no doubt that both of the sponsors of this amendment support those exemptions and will vote to pass the bill without a second thought about the fact that it shortcircuits NEPA review for many, many infrastructure projects. 
here with straight faces arguing that, when it benefits them and their friends in the coal industry, the NEPA process should be thorough and complete. It is a level of audacity that I think is almost laughable. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). 
this amendment does not violate treaty rights, and to suggest it does is disingenuous and false. 
two tribes. It is about fairness of a process. It would be unprecedented for the Army Corps of Engineers to bypass the EIS to make a decision, and that is what this amendment does. 
It is not about coal. It is not about 
commodities, nor is it about treaty rights because, quite frankly, the Crow Tribe in Montana has treaty rights, too. This is not to pit one poor nation against a rich nation. It is about simple fairness. 
Army Corps of Engineers or any government body to give judgment before the process is complete, and that is what we are asking for. The EIS is the process that needs to be done. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY). 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . GENE  
to consider amendment No. 14 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of title III, insert the following 
United States should establish a more uniform, transparent, and modern process for the construction, connection, operation, and maintenance of pipelines and electric transmission facilities for the import and export of liquid products, including water and petroleum, and natural gas and the transmission of electricity to and from Canada and Mexico. 
(ii) the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission with respect to natural gas pipelines; and 
Energy shall require, as a condition of issuing a certificate of crossing for an electric transmission facility, that the crossborder segment be constructed, connected, operated, or maintained consistent with all applicable policies and standards of— 
(ii) any Regional Transmission Organization or Independent System Operator with operational or functional control over the crossborder segment of the electric transmission facility. 
No certificate of crossing shall be required under this subsection for a change in ownership, volume expansion, downstream or upstream interconnection, or adjustment to maintain flow (such as a reduction or increase in the number of pump or compressor stations) with respect to a liquid or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility unless such modification would result in a significant impact at the national boundary. 
this subsection shall affect the application of any other Federal statute (including the Natural Gas Act and the Energy Policy and Conservation Act) to a project for which a certificate of crossing is sought under this subsection. 
the portion of a liquid or natural gas pipeline or electric transmission facility that is located at the national boundary of the United States with either Canada or Mexico; 
given that term in section 2 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717a). 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE GREEN ) and a 
amendment that would create regulatory certainty with our neighbors, Canada and Mexico. 
dates back many administrations. Beginning in the administration of Ulysses S. Grant, the executive branch has taken steps to ensure our crossborder infrastructure between Canada and Mexico was constructed. 
These past administrations and, indeed, the current administration have been forced to use executive orders because Congress has failed to act. Congress has a duty to regulate the commerce of the United States, and cross border energy infrastructure projects fall well within that space. 
neighbors, Mexico and Canada, to truly create a North American energy market, and that is what this amendment would do. We can’t build infrastructure in this country or in this continent based on who sits in the White House. 
awaiting a decision now by the Department of State and the President, including electricity wires and water pipelines. 
It is Congress’ responsibility to create regulatory rules by which infrastructure is constructed. As a reminder of this, tomorrow we will pass the conference report to the FAST Act. The 
FAST Act is a multiyear transportation bill that shows our determination to build infrastructure for the 21st century. Now we must build on that success and focus on our energy infrastructure. 
This amendment would create a regulatory process at the Department of State, Department of Energy, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to permit crossborder infrastructure. This is no different than building roads, bridges, or railways. 
coordinates with Federal, State, and local agencies to ensure the project is completed and the environment protected. We will do the same thing with pipes and wires. We need to build electric transmission lines and pipelines to move resources from where they are to where they are needed. 
National Environmental Policy Act and requires a full environmental review of any crossborder facility, including analysis of the climate change impacts. The entire length of the pipeline or electric transmission line will be reviewed for environmental impacts. 
and how to meet the 21st century demands that our country needs. We should embrace the changes taking place in North America and harmonize our policies with those of our neighbors both to the north and south. 
amendment makes an end run around the National Environmental Policy Act. The amendment would simply eliminate any meaningful review of the environmental impact of large trans boundary infrastructure projects by redefining and significantly narrowing the scope of NEPA’s environmental review. 
looks at the impacts of an entire project, this amendment restricts NEPA review only to that small portion that physically crosses the border, and that defies common sense. We are talking about massive projects that are more than just at border crossing. 
pipeline or transmission line, we are approving multibilliondollar infrastructures that may stretch hundreds of miles and will last for decades. They cross through private property, water bodies, farms, sensitive lands, and over aquifers. They carry substances that can catch fire or spill and pollute the environment, and they have profound implications for climate change. 
To understand the potential environmental impact of an energy project, we need to look at the project as a whole. 
or safety risks for every part of the project except the tiny sliver of land at the national boundary makes no sense. 
are feeling sick, and the doctor gives you a clean bill of health after looking only at your elbow. That is what this amendment does by redefining the scope of NEPA’s inquiry to only encompass the step across the border. It makes the process of environmental review essentially meaningless, and no meaningful review means no opportunity to mitigate potential harm to public health, public safety, or the environment. 
Mr. Chairman, NEPA provides policymakers with a critical tool to understand potential impacts and consider lower impact alternatives. NEPA doesn’t dictate the outcome or, by itself, impose any constraints on projects. 
before we leap, and that is just basic common sense. We should not be punching loopholes in this law. 
there. It also creates a rebuttable presumption that every crossborder project is in the public interest, tipping the scale in favor of their approval. And that is a subtle but significant change. Coupled with the small portion of projects being reviewed, the amendment makes it virtually impossible to ever prove that a project is not in the public interest. 
that a new process is necessary for reviewing and approving crossborder projects, but if Congress is going to establish new permitting rules through legislation, it should do so in a thoughtful and balanced way. Instead, this amendment creates a process that rubber stamps projects and eliminates meaningful environmental review and public participation. 
Frankly, this amendment is just another attempt to bring TransCanada’s Keystone XL pipeline back from the grave. The President has already rejected their application, and we have wasted enough time on this Canadian pipe dream. 
lose proposition for energy security, a loselose for safe climate and a healthy environment. And we shouldn’t be trying to create a weaker approval process to provide a new pathway for its approval. 
Adoption of this amendment will undoubtedly benefit TransCanada and other multinational oil companies but will not help the American people that we are here to represent. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Chairman, my good friend from New Jersey is actually incorrect. This amendment passed the House last session and didn’t pass in the Senate. But it does have the NEPA process throughout, whether it is a pipeline or transmission line, from literally not just the border but also to the destination. 
natural gas pipelines being built from Texas to Mexico. Twenty years from 
now, we will need those pipelines reversed to bring natural gas from Mexico to my chemical industries. That is what this amendment is about. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
Green amendment is very similar to the bill that I introduced last Congress and, as we know, did pass the House with some bipartisan support. 
straightforward and predictable procedure to permit crossborder pipelines and electric transmission facilities. 
battle. It is time to move beyond that. But we want certainty in these things. 
order for the U.S. to fully benefit from our energy abundance, we have to encourage rather than obstruct trade with our good neighbors, particularly the Canadians, as well as the Mexicans—an energy policy that works. 
Chairman, I just want to encourage Members to support the amendment. We need to bring our country and our trading partners on the north and south border together on energy issues. I encourage an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 15 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . TAKANO  
to consider amendment No. 16 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall transmit to Congress a report on the potential of battery energy storage that answers the following questions: 
battery storage technology, and what challenges exist to their widespread use? What are some examples of existing battery storage projects providing these benefits? 
battery storage and behindthemeter battery storage have on renewable energy utilization? 
with largescale and behindthemeter battery storage technology is located in the United States? How many jobs do these industries account for? 
Energy Investment Tax Credit have research and available data shown to promote renewable energy use and storage technology deployment by State and local governments or private endusers? 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) and a 
today in support of this bipartisan amendment which brings us one step closer to realizing the enormous potential of battery energy storage. 
This technology is capable of transforming our energy landscape by storing power in times of excess production and releasing power in times of excess demand. It can make our grid more reliable and secure. It can save consumers money by replacing costly gas powered peaker stations. 
compatible with any source of energy. Its compatibility with multiple power sources means we aren’t picking winners and losers. Rather, we are increasing our capacity to use all sources of energy. 
Battery energy storage is particularly promising in its ability to unlock the power of renewables, leading to a cleaner, more sustainable energy portfolio. 
sources drops closer to that of fossil fuels, the viability of wind and solar power is limited by inconsistency. Put simply, the wind doesn’t always blow and the sun doesn’t always shine. Battery energy storage offers a solution to this challenge. 
Paris, we have heard about the importance of innovation in reaching our environmental goals. Battery storage is exactly the type of revolutionary technology that will help get us there, creating new jobs and economic growth in the process. 
storage will help us make informed decisions about accelerating its growth while signaling our commitment to supporting the next chapter in America’s energy infrastructure. 
the time in opposition. Although am not opposed to the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I support 
I would note Mr. COLLINS is a member of our committee. He is a cosponsor of the amendment. 
be included as part of this. I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
for supporting this bipartisan amendment. I am honored to have that support. I encourage its adoption. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
to consider amendment No. 17 printed in House Report 114–359. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Security and Infrastructure Act, deliberately removes the energy usage goals for Federal buildings. 
In 2007, under the Energy Independence and Security Act, our last energy infrastructure overhaul bill, a provision was included that set a goal for new Federal buildings to have netzero energy usage by 2030. This naturally also meant the Federal Government would have a corresponding goal of reducing fossilfuelgenerated electricity consumption in its buildings. 
The Federal Government will lead by example in the transition to lesspolluting buildings and show what the 
Now is not the time to roll back this 
goal and abandon our leadership. When people mention how H.R. 8 would take us back to a 19th century economy, this is one clear example they can point to. 
account for 39 percent of the Nation’s carbon emissions. To ignore this source of pollution at a time when we are trying to keep temperatures from rising less than 2 degrees centigrade isn’t just negligent, it ignores our responsibility to be a good steward of the Earth and leave it in good condition for generations to come. 
largest consumer of energy in the U.S., we must be the leader. This effort is under attack because of outdated feasibility concerns—concerns which have already been addressed. Last year, the Department of Energy proposed a rule that charts a path forward to reach the 2030 goal that is both technically possible and plausible. 
about section 433. Some have characterized it as ‘‘a ban on the Federal Government using energy from fossil fuel,’’ but the law does no such thing. In fact, at no point does this provision in the current law require zero fossil fuel use for any building designed or renovated before 2030. 
friends at the American Gas Association, the Department of Energy actually proposed carveouts for onsite natural gas usage in highly efficient combined heat and power systems. Natural gas may actually be an important part of the solution of getting to netzero energy usage. 
aggressive energy targets not only reduces taxpayer costs through energy savings, it also reduces our dependence on foreign oil and leverages the government’s large purchasing power to bring new technologies and materials to the marketplace. If we eliminate section 433, it could cost American consumers $700 million in savings over the next 25 years. 
of Architects, not only are the current targets achievable, but some buildings are already meeting the 2030 goals right now. The EU has adopted a similar goal but with a shorter time horizon. 
Mr. Chair, during my 4 years in Switzerland, we cut the carbon footprint of the U.S. Embassy in half and reduced the carbon footprint of our home to zero. 
energy retail space in Evanston, Illinois. In 2015, a True Value hardware store was the first netzero retail store in New York State. 
military has also taken a lead on this important effort and used the goal as a means to reduce costs and increase energy security. From 2007 to 2013, the Federal Government reduced its annual energy usage by 7 percent while we continue to grow. 
energy reduction efforts. We learned a long time ago in business that if we don’t have a goal we never get there. We have to have a target that we can all work to meet. 
amendment to reinstate the energy usage goals for Federal buildings. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
all due regard to the gentleman who is offering this amendment, I rise to oppose the amendment, which would reinstate the provisions of section 433 which prohibit the use of fossil fuels in new and modified Federal buildings after the year 2030. 
of Energy is trying to thread a needle through regulations that might allow fossil fuels to be used in new and modified Federal buildings after 2030. But we know the reality is that every environmental group in the country will file a lawsuit against that regulation when it comes out if it is interpreted in any way that fossil fuels might be used. 
would be opposed to our wanting to use fossil fuels after the year 2030. We are not mandating that they be used, but everyone that comes to this floor, and particularly President Obama when he goes anywhere, talk about an allof theabove energy policy, and yet the 2007 Energy Policy Act prohibits fossil fuel use in new and modified Federal buildings after the year 2030. 
use. It simply says, basically, that the government will be able to do it if it is necessary. So why should the Federal Government not allow the opportunity to use any fossil fuel after 2030? 
We already have a Federal debt approaching $20 trillion. Natural gas prices are pretty low right now, but let’s say they go up. Let’s say that renewables go up, that for some reason maybe using coal is more economical, and using a ultrasupercritical facility. 
want to build any new coalpowered plants because regulations now prohibit that. We think it is important that we have an alloftheabove energy policy. Our base bill allows that even in government buildings. 
And so, for that reason, I would respectfully oppose the gentleman’s amendment and ask that Members vote against the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . PETERS  
to consider amendment No. 18 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of chapter 1 of subtitle A of 
GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS REDUCTION FROM CONVERSION OF CAPTURED METHANE TO ENERGY. 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and relevant stakeholders, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on the impact of captured methane converted for energy and power generation on Federal lands, Federal buildings, and relevant municipalities that use such generation, and the return on investment and reduction in greenhouse gas emissions of utilizing such power generation. 
savings resulting from the utilization of such power generation, including shortterm and longterm (20 years) projections of such savings; and 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ) and a 
amendment to the North American Security and Infrastructure Act requires the Secretary of Energy to submit a report to Congress on the impact of captured methane converted for energy and power generation on Federal lands, buildings, and relevant municipalities. 
of energy performance and savings from using this power generation source and an analysis of the reduction in greenhouse gas emissions. 
putting innovative solutions to work to reduce methane emissions and create energy at the same time. At the Point Loma Wastewater Treatment Plant, methane is collected and fuels two continuously running generators. 
Using the methane produced onsite, the wastewater treatment plant has not only become energy selfsufficient, but is also able to sell excess power that it generates to the local energy grid, enhancing grid reliability and energy efficiency. 
Another positive example of converting captured methane to energy is at landfills. In the United States, we have over 1,900 landfills, and they are 
the third largest source of methane emissions in the United States. This pollution threatens air quality and the public health of communities located close to the landfills themselves. 
spans over 1,500 acres and has been operating since 1959. Some years ago, the city, the Navy, and the private sector worked together and installed a methanecapture and energy conversion plant to supply the neighboring Marine Corps Air Station Miramar with 13.4 megawatts of energy. This plant supplies half of the base’s energy, allowing it to operate as a 911 base in case of an emergency or power outage. The technology also reduced the emission of pollutants from the Miramar Landfill by 75 percent. 
how capturing methane and using it to generate energy reduces emissions, puts America on the path to a lower carbon, renewable energy future, and shares best practices among facilities that might be able to participate. So I ask my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Again, I support the 
amendment. We have no objection to the amendment. I think that it is worthwhile, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PETERS. Again, I thank the 
chairman very much for his hard work and for his willingness to support this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
to consider amendment No. 19 printed in House Report 114–359. 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ) and a 
my amendment would preserve an existing consumer right that has been on the books for many years, but section 4125 of this legislation would prevent consumers from pursuing breach of warranty claims against product manufacturers that inaccurately claim Energy Star compliance. As I said, in doing so, it would eliminate an existing consumer right. 
change, I see the motive. The Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers, which represents 95 percent of U.S. home appliances and has endorsed this provision, wants to avoid liability. 
Star products. But they don’t pay extra because they have a sense of charity; they do it because they have been promised the Energy Star appliances will enable reduced energy usage and lower operation costs. In fact, Energy Star products promise a 10 to 25 percent energy efficiency improvement as compared to Federal minimum standards. So when a manufacturer falsely claims to be Energy Star compliant, consumers are left with a more expensive product without any of the promised benefits. It amounts, really, to fraud. 
Samsung, LG, and Whirlpool—have falsely claimed that their products meet Energy Star specifications. Consumers have mobilized to be compensated for those false claims, and they deserve that right. My amendment would enable them to retain it. 
would ‘‘discourage robust participation’’ in the Energy Star program. And frankly, I don’t see that as a problem. If manufacturers can’t stand by their claims of Energy Star compliance, then they shouldn’t participate in the program. 
to make Energy Star products will reap the rewards, including higher consumer demand and bigger profits, and that is a win for consumers, honest manufacturers, and the Energy Star program. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
today in opposition to the amendment to strike section 4125 of the bill, which is language that Representative WELCH  
and I have coauthored over the past two Congresses with bipartisan support. It was developed with a cross section of interests, including efficiency and consumer advocates, manufacturers, and the EPA. 
keeping our language, we have an opportunity to encourage manufacturers to continue participation in the Energy Star program. 
voluntary program. Consumers, manufacturers, and the government all win under Energy Star. The program was designed to be lowcost and lowcompliance to incentivize participation by manufacturers, and the language included in this bill is needed to continue to incentivize participation. 
Energy Star logo, it must meet certain energysaving guidelines. Manufacturers who choose to participate in this voluntary program make the necessary investments needed to increase the energy efficiency of their products. 
maintain the required levels of efficiency, the Department of Energy performs offtheshelf testing. If a product fails to meet the standard, that product is disqualified and then publicly listed on the Energy Star Web site. Immediately following a product’s disqualification listing, the manufacturer and the EPA will then work to resolve the cause for disqualification. 
It is important to note that our language does not prevent lawsuits from being filed; it just requires that a suit be filed before a product is disqualified from Energy Star. 
from the program by EPA, the EPA is best positioned to determine consumer impact and if such impact requires any action on the part of the manufacturer. 
legal proceedings, which could take years. If the focus is really on consumer reimbursement, shouldn’t those fighting for consumer rights prefer the EPA disqualification process over class action litigation? 
the entire reimbursement goes to the consumer, versus a legal proceeding, where legal fees can consume large amounts of the award. 
expansion and job growth for participating manufacturers across the Nation. In defeating this amendment, we have an opportunity to continue to encourage participation by manufacturers instead of discouraging participation. 
National Association of Manufacturers, the Alliance to Save Energy, the American Council for an EnergyEfficient Economy, and the Chamber of Commerce. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Chairman, 
may I inquire how much time I have remaining. 
all this would be fine if it weren’t the case that we have members of the Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers that actually have falsely claimed that their products meet Energy Star specifications. And nothing in the remedy actually says that the consumer will have the right to reclaim their money that they spent on the washer or the dryer or the appliance that was bought because they thought that they would both save energy and, over time, that they would save money as well. 
has been in place for many years. It does not interfere with the fact that this is a voluntary program, that the companies decide if they want to participate in Energy Star to be an Energy Star product, but it does say they have to keep their promise. And they have to keep their promise not just to the EPA or to some regulatory framework; they have to keep their promise to the individual consumer who has actually laid out the bucks to buy that product. 
consumer to be able to reclaim a product if it is found not to meet the Energy Star promise that they made of 10 to 25 percent energy efficiency improvements. 
body go about the business of taking away a consumer right? I thought we were supposed to be in the business of trying to figure out how we are going to adequately protect consumers not in the generic sense, but in the individual sense. That is the kind of protection that we have had, and that is the kind of protection I believe that we should maintain; and this section, put in at the behest of the industry, makes no sense. I think it weights toward the manufacturers and away from the consumers something that we all want to achieve, which is more energy efficiency. 
Mr. Chairman, I am very disappointed, as someone who has been a consumer advocate for a very long time in many ways, especially in terms of truth in products, truth in labeling, that we ought to be able to rely on that Energy Star label to know that it is going to give us the energy efficiency that we paid for and that, if it doesn’t, we do have a remedy. Those remedies tend to make the manufacturers even more honest. I hope we will get some support. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, again, I 
would urge defeat of the amendment because we want to make sure that manufacturers are still encouraged to participate in the Energy Star program, which has been highly successful. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Chairman, I demand 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MRS . BROOKS  
to consider amendment No. 20 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of chapter 2 of subtitle A of 
Not later than one year after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in cooperation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Director of Management and Budget, shall— 
pursuant to section 1838 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005; 
(ii) disseminate public information concerning sustainable reuse options for used oil; and 
by Federal agencies, recipients of Federal grant funds, entities contracting with the Federal Government, and the general public. 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ) and a 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is very simple and straightforward. It calls on the Department of Energy, working together with the Environmental Protection Agency and the Office of Management and Budget, to take another look at what is now 20yearold data about how used oil is managed in the United States and to develop comprehensive strategies to increase recycling used oil as part of a national strategy to save energy and reduce pollution. 
Right now, there are options for disposal of motor oil commonly used in trucks and cars. The worst option is for that oil to be simply discarded, leading to contaminants polluting our air and water. If properly collected, the oil can be burned once for use as lowcost fuel. 
However, the best option uses modern technology which now exists to collect and sustainably recycle used oil. These refining techniques can now produce a product that is the quality equivalent to fresh virgin base oils. So this option also maximizes the benefits by conserving most of the energy needed to make oil while cutting emissions of carbon and other harmful pollutants. 
a waste product into an infinitely renewable resource. And not only does this rerefined oil meet government and industry specifications, but it is also costcompetitive, reduces waste, and reduces emissions. 
as our national labs show that used motor oil is a valuable and reusable energy resource. 
world—Indianapolis, that is—it is no surprise that Indiana has traditionally been a leader in recycling and rerefining oil. We have two major used oil refineries in Indiana employing almost 1,000 people, and our State has a proud tradition of utilizing this product and promoting its technology. 
Rerefined oil is already being actively used by DOD and other Federal agencies, public and commercial fleets, and average consumers with great success. However, far too little of our used oil is recycled in this way. So my amendment is intended to increase conservation and sustainable reuse. 
called for in the Energy Policy Act of 2005. That study was issued in 2006, but relied on data that was then 10 years old. Now that data is 20 years old. 
to update that data so that we know how much oil is available and how much is actually being reused and re refined. Data from 20 years ago showed that the United States was well behind other developed and even some developing countries in terms of sustainable reuse. 
also provide for the development of policies that can significantly increase both the collection rate and sustainable reuse of this valuable resource 
may consume to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). 
amendment calls on the Department of Energy to review and update the data use for a 9yearold Federal study on oil recycling. It is a good amendment. It promotes recycling of used lubricating oil to save energy, minimize disposal into landfills, and improves public information concerning sustainable reuse options. 
Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Chairman, I urge adoption of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 21 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
to consider amendment No. 21 printed in House Report 114–359. 
designee of the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ), I offer 
At the end of chapter 2 of subtitle A of 
supply’ does not include a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is designed exclusively to be connected to, and power— 
Section 346 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6317) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
OROLEDS.—Not earlier than 1 year after applicable testing requirements are prescribed under section 343, the Secretary may prescribe an energy conservation standard for a power supply circuit, driver, or device that is designed primarily to be connected to, and power, lightemitting diodes or organic lightemitting diodes providing illumination.’’. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mrs. ELLMERS . It is a simple, technical fix to DOE’s external power supply 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I rise today in support of this bipartisan and commonsense amendment that would provide certainty to manufacturers and resolve this DOE rule. 
This problem stems from an overly broad interpretation of a provision within the Energy Policy Act of 2005 in which Congress directed DOE to set energy efficiency standards for External Power Supplies. 
DOE is now attempting to regulate a product that was not in the marketplace at the time Congress directed the department to set External Power Supple Standards. 
Because of DOE’s interpretation, other products—such as LED Drivers not intended for regulation—are now a facing regulation under the EPS rule. 
of DOE expanding the scope of their rulemakings and capturing products that were not intended by Congress. 
problem for this technology and prevents it from being included in other broad rulemakings. 
regulated for energy efficiency, accounting for 20 percent of DOE’s total efficiency regulations. 
impact of 750 million dollars to U.S. lighting manufacturers. 
This regulation will only stifle innovation, ultimately leading to less energy efficient products and higher energy prices for consumers. 
Manufacturers cannot operate in an uncertain marketplace and without Congressional action, this rule will unintentionally threaten thousands of jobs. 
In North Carolina alone this industry provides over 3,000 jobs. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
to consider amendment No. 22 printed in House Report 114–359. 
In chapter 2 of subtitle A of title IV, add at 
Energy Conservation and Production Act (42 U.S.C. 6872) is amended by striking ‘‘appropriated—’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘appropriated $450,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 through 2020.’’. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) and a 
amendment reauthorizes two existing programs, the Weatherization Assistance Program and the State Energy Program. 
Both of these programs have been operating successfully for many years. The Federal dollars delivered through these programs leverage additional funding from our States and the private sector. These programs address real problems. They are effective, and they create and sustain jobs. 
H.R. 8 does very little to advance energy efficiency, an issue that has enjoyed strong, bipartisan support in the past. In fact, some provisions are more likely to be a setback to efficiency standards. While this bill contains plenty of benefits for energy suppliers, there is very little in there designed to address the needs of average Americans. 
The Weatherization Assistance Program supports Statebased programs to improve the energy efficiency of the homes of lowincome families. The Department of Energy provides grants to the States, United States territories, and tribal governments to deliver these services through local weatherization agencies. The weatherization measures used include air sealing, wall and attic insulation, duct sealing, and furnace repair and replacement. 
Mr. Chairman, the benefits of weatherization are well known and result in a reduced energy bill for many years into the future. Insulating our walls and our roofs, for example, can provide savings for the lifetime of a house. Other measures, such as making heating or cooling equipment more efficient, can provide savings for more than a decade. 
Since 1976, the Weatherization Assistance Program has helped improve the lives of more than 7 million families by reducing their electricity bills. The program provides energy efficiency services to thousands of homes every year, reducing average costs by more than $400 per household in annual utility bills. 
for themselves over time, but the up front costs can be significant, and when a family’s budget is severely limited, those costs are simply too high. 
The Weatherization Assistance Program helps those in our communities who do not have the financial resources to make energy efficiency investments on their own. That includes our elderly, our disabled, and our lowincome 
often on fixed incomes and are the most susceptible to volatile changes in electricity prices. They are particularly vulnerable to spikes in electricity bills during heat waves or cold weather due to poor insulation or inefficient appliances. 
A sudden increase in expenses is difficult to manage for many of our families. Lowincome families already 
spend a disproportionate amount of their income on energy costs. 
Mr. Chairman, the State Energy Program provides funding to the States to support the work of their energy offices. It ensures that each State will have basic funding available to support its programs. 
States define the least costly ways to meet State goals for energy efficiency, for air quality, for fuel diversity, and for energy security. 
Ridge National Laboratory, the State Energy Program often leverages, for every 1 Federal dollar, $10.71 in State and private funds. That is a great return on investment. 
Congress reauthorized these programs back in 2007 for a 5year period at about $1 billion per year for Weatherization and $125 million per year for the State Energy Program. 
Weatherization Assistance Program for another 5 years, but at lower levels— $450 million per year—and the State Energy Program is authorized for 5 years at $75 million per year. 
for certain. While I believe these programs should be appropriated even more funding, this amendment authorizes them at lower levels to be more in tune with today’s fiscal constraints. 
support my amendment and to help to extend the benefits of energy efficiency to our families so that more families can be supported by local jobs, businesses, and certainly contractors that do this extremely important work. 
oppose the amendment because, as we all know, this amendment reauthorizes the Federal Weatherization Assistance Program at $2.2 billion through 2020 and the State Energy Program at $375 million through 2020. 
But our feeling is that it is not needed because the Department of Energy’s Weatherization Assistance Program is already extremely well funded. 
most of our colleagues on both sides of the aisle do, but Congress has been funding the program at or near the Department’s requested levels. So this is, in essence, billions above 
in new spending on an existing program that the Department of Energy has not requested. 
bill included an extra $5 billion to the Department of Energy for weatherization, roughly 17 times what was originally appropriated for that year. 
Furthermore, using experiments considered the gold standard for evidence, researchers from UC Berkeley, MIT, and the University of Chicago recently released a report on a firstofitskind field test of the Federal Weatherization Assistance Program. 
The study found that the costs of energy efficiency investments were about double the actual savings, that model projected savings are 2
1⁄2times the actual savings, and that, even when accounting for the broader societal benefits of energy efficiency investments, the costs will substantially outweigh the benefits. The average rate of return is a minus 9
So, Mr. Chairman, the overall legislation today that is before us is extremely specific in authorizing budget neutral spending for energy security efforts only. Authorizing additional money—beyond requested amounts—as this Weatherization amendment does, does not have the offset. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
here speak to the most vulnerable in our society. There are waiting lists that I know exist in States. There are more things we can do for energy efficiency’s sake for our most stressed family budgets. 
costs, as a wedge of the pie for our poor families for their household budgets, is far greater a slice than it is for the average residents of this country. This is a hardhearted approach taken to our elderly, to our lowincome families, and to the disabled. 
that our goal here should be to be as resourceful as possible with our energy mix across this country. Anytime we can reduce consumption we are doing a big thing for all ratepayers. The statements show a missing of the focus that is needed. 
State, oneutility study. It was not peer reviewed. It was flawed. It did not really suggest to show the real issues out there for this program. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
to consider amendment No. 23 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
In subtitle A of title IV, add at the end the 
response’’ means changes in electric usage by electric utility customers from the normal consumption patterns of the customers in response to— 
lower electricity use at times of high wholesale market prices or when system reliability is jeopardized. 
close to the point of use using renewable energy resources or waste thermal energy; 
thermal energy to building heating and cooling systems through a district energy system. 
‘‘district energy system’’ means a system that provides thermal energy to buildings and other energy consumers from 1 or more plants to individual buildings to provide space heating, air conditioning, domestic hot water, industrial process energy, and other end uses. 
means a distributed generator or energy storage device continuing to power a location in the absence of electric power from the primary source. 
means an integrated energy system consisting of interconnected loads and distributed energy resources, including generators and energy storage devices, within clearly defined electrical boundaries that— 
grid to operate in both gridconnected mode and island mode. 
term ‘‘renewable thermal energy’’ means heating or cooling energy derived from a renewable energy resource. 
or steam that is used to provide space heating, domestic hot water, or process heat; or 
water, ice, or other media that is used to provide air conditioning, or process cooling. 
water, jacket cooling heat, or lubricating oil in power generation systems; 
any pressure drop to a condenser that subsequently vents the resulting heat; 
(vi) any other form of waste energy, as determined by the Secretary; and 
(ii) in the case of a new facility, is not conventionally used in comparable systems. 
to finance the deployment of multiple distributed energy systems through a revolving loan fund, credit enhancement program, or other financial assistance program. 
defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)); and 
eligible entities to receive loans under this section, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, ensure— 
(ii) are designed to achieve 1 or more of the 
in order to increase use of local renewable energy resources and waste thermal energy sources. 
be made unless an appropriation for the full amount of the loan has been specifically provided for that purpose. 
this section shall bear interest at a fixed rate that is equal or approximately equal, in the determination of the Secretary, to the interest rate for Treasury securities of comparable maturity. 
the physical asset to be financed by the loan (as determined by the Secretary). 
Secretary may not assess any penalty for early repayment of a loan provided under this section. 
to receive a loan under this section, an eligible entity shall agree to return to the general fund of the Treasury any portion of the loan amount that is unused by the eligible entity within a reasonable period of time after the date of the disbursement of the loan, as determined by the Secretary. 
and mechanic employed by a contractor or subcontractor in performance of construction work financed, in whole or in part, by the loan shall be paid wages at rates not less than the rates prevailing on similar construction in the locality as determined by the Secretary of Labor in accordance with subchapter IV of chapter 31 of title 40, United States Code. 
the date of receipt of the loan, and annually thereafter for the term of the loan, an eligible entity that receives a loan under this section shall submit to the Secretary a report describing the performance of each program and activity carried out using the loan, including itemized loan performance data. 
carry out this section such sums as are necessary. 
technical assistance directly to eligible entities so the eligible entities can identify, evaluate, plan, and design distributed energy systems; and 
that the eligible entities may contract to obtain technical assistance to identify, evaluate, plan, and design distributed energy systems. 
assessment, design, and operation and maintenance of distributed energy systems; and 
technical assistance or grants under the program shall submit to the Secretary an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require. 
shall seek applications for technical assistance and grants under the program— 
or islanding, particularly in rural areas, including high energy cost rural areas; 
entity, the Secretary may award grants to the eligible entity to provide funds to cover not more than— 
overcoming barriers to implementation, including financial, contracting, siting, and permitting issues; and 
the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall adopt rules and procedures for carrying out the program. 
the date of issuance of the rules and procedures for the program, the Secretary shall issue grants under this chapter. 
this section, an assessment of the success of, and education provided by, the measures carried out by eligible entities during the term of the program. 
There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $250,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 through 2020, to remain available until expended. 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my amendment focuses on thermal energy and combined heat power, which are essential to a smart energy future for our country, but they are often overlooked components of our national energy supply. 
of the total energy produced is lost from power plants, industrial facilities, and buildings in the form of waste heat. My amendment will help industry, universities, hospitals, and others capture that waste heat and use renewables for heating, cooling, and power generation. 
what is included in renewables so that everyone is aware: biomass, geothermal, hydropower, landfill gas, municipal solid waste, ocean energy, organic waste, photosynthetic processes, photovoltaic energy, solar energy, and wind. 
are businesses and nonprofits are getting really smart about this wasted energy and they are putting it back into their facilities to save energy and save money. 
The overall resilience and cost savings that can be achieved through combined heat and power and distributed energy systems is proven every day, but it was especially proven during Superstorm Sandy and other natural disasters. 
and nonprofits, such as hospitals and universities, were able to keep the 
lights on and actually had heat and water in the aftermath of the storm because they have these selfcontained, energyefficient waste heat projects. 
testimony in the Energy and Power Subcommittee extensively on the importance in the future of these smaller, distributed, locally based energy systems. 
in Tampa, where St. Joseph’s Hospital burns the medical waste, turns it into waste heat, and they are now saving $200,000 a year on their energy bills where they can keep the lights on. They don’t have to pay that out to the power company. That can go back into the care of patients. 
proposes to do is to help overcome the financing hurdles that will be key in implementing this highly efficient and resilient energy infrastructure. 
initiative to provide costshared funding for technical assistance for feasibility studies and engineering, and it would enable qualifying energy infrastructure projects to access lower interest debt financing through a loan guarantee program. 
enhanced because these businesses will be able to develop new revenue streams, reduce energy costs, reduce emissions, and enhance energy supply resiliency. 
America. We have got to be smarter. According to a joint DOE and EPA study, roughly 65 gigawatts of technical potential remain in the Nation’s hospitals, universities, wastewater treatment plants, and other critical infrastructure. 
the upfront capital cost of installing these locally based energyefficient systems. These systems have proven themselves, and we should encourage them. 
House act with an eye towards the future. Take this modest but very important step to help unleash American innovation. We know how to do this. We 
our universities, and hospitals an incentive to put waste energy to work and at the same time save some money. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in 
amendment would establish a DOE loan program to support distributed generation. While I support some of the goals in this amendment—distributed generation, microgrids, combined heat and power—I cannot support a new loan guarantee program given the failures this administration has had in issuing loans. I remember one called Solyndra a long time ago. 
broad. Locally grown energy may make some sense in some circumstances but not in others. There are often economic reasons to use nonlocal energy sources and to use them on a larger scale than distributed generation. 
Moreover, this provision is duplicative of other DOE programs as well as tax incentives and State programs that encourage the use of distributed renewable energy. 
Circumstances do vary across regions, so States should decide whether and how to encourage distributed generation. The Federal Government shouldn’t be picking winners and losers. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for supporting some of the goals contained in the amendment. 
This is not an openended loan program. This is very modest, only authorized for $250 million. The appropriators will probably scale that back. 
But what it does is it allows our hospitals, universities, and other industrial users across the country some upfront technical assistance that will save them a lot of money and a lot of energy on the down side. This modest investment will have a great payoff for taxpayers and for industrial users, our hospitals, and universities. 
I have seen it work right in my district. I know it worked during Superstorm Sandy. We have to think with an eye to the future and act that way. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
to consider amendment No 24 printed in House Report 114–359. 
In subtitle A of title IV, add at the end the 
owners of land located within 1 mile of a proposed oil or gas lease tract in writing at least 45 days in advance of lease sales; 
issued, notify surface estate owners and all owners of land located within 1 mile of a lease tract, regarding the identity of the lessee; 
owners of land located within 1 mile of a lease tract in writing within 10 working days concerning any subsequent decisions regarding the lease, such as modifying or waiving stipulations and approving rightsofway; and 
owners of land located within 1 mile of a lease tract, within 5 business days after issuance of a drilling permit under a lease. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
explain how in many States, including my home State of Colorado, landowners—if you live in a home, you own your property, you bought it—you are not necessarily and in most cases, in fact, you are not also the owner of the minerals beneath your land. That is called a split estate. 
my State were split from their subsurface or mineral rights—severed. And Congress rewrote the rules of the Homestead Act to maintain ownership over minerals even as they gave away western lands for development. 
have suburban subdevelopments, people’s homes—people live in their homes—and the Federal Government owns the mineral rights under those homes. Along with that comes the right to extract those minerals. 
present in the Homestead Act is protections and notification requirements for the people who live there, the homeowners. So, in some cases, in Colorado and elsewhere, landholders and homeowners don’t even know that there has been a lease or a drill permit on their land where they own the surface rights. Literally, one day an oil company 
can drive up to the property and construct a horizontal drill in the middle of your backyard without notification. So you can imagine the result—harm and loss of cattle or crops, infrastructure on the property—not knowing what is occurring. 
see the ability of the extraction industry to operate without having to address the legitimate concerns of surface owners. 
that, and, frankly, I would like to go a lot further and will in other legislative efforts. This amendment is really a commonsense effort that is a critical first step to right those wrongs. 
BLM notify a landowner sitting above mineral rights that they plan to put out for bid, award, lease, or sale a drilling permit on that land. 
notification requirements. What that means is it might be posted on a Web site or in the Federal Register. Well, I guarantee you that Mr. or Mrs. Smith in a suburban subdevelopment are not eagerly checking the Federal Register 
every day. They are not even generally aware that there are mineral rights under their property, nor should they have to be. They should simply get a letter in the mail saying what is happening if and when there is going to be mineral development on their property. 
And I think that is a simple, commonsense step that would protect American taxpayers from undue, unreasonable burdens placed upon them and protect property rights. I really hope it is not controversial and that we can adopt this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I 
want to let my colleague from Colorado know that this is an unnecessary amendment, so I would ask Members to oppose it. 
There already is a lot of builtin notification that does take place. I don’t know if my colleague is aware of this or not, but when an expression of interest for leasing is made, the BLM requires that all of the surface owners, wherever this expression of interest for leasing applies to, are notified by mail. 
there is another notification to the surface owners of wherever that lease is located. 
Thirdly, under the NEPA process, before the leases are even issued, the public is notified. I know this amendment talks about notifying everyone within 1 mile. The public notification is a lot broader than just 1 mile, so, actually, current law does more than what this amendment calls for. 
by mail by a good faith effort required by the Bureau of Land Management for Federal lands. 
ask opposition for this amendment because it is poorly written. It is ambiguous as to whether it is only applying to Federal lands or is broader and would include tribal lands, private lands, and things way out of the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management. 
But, in any case, even if it would just 
apply to the Federal lands, it is unnecessary. Because of the different steps that are required under the language of this amendment, it would add a lot of paperwork and red tape and really not accomplish anything more than what is already clearly accomplished two or three times under existing law. 
I ask that we oppose this amendment. I know it is wellintentioned, but the law already takes care of this. This amendment, besides being poorly written, would add a lot of time and paperwork and red tape to the process right now. 
that this amendment weren’t necessary. There are hundreds, if not thousands, of homeowners in Colorado who fail to be notified by the BLM. 
Now, there is a good faith effort requirement, but there is no system in place to ensure that the person gets a notification. So, in effect, what happens is the agency will sign off, ‘‘We made a good faith effort, couldn’t find who the property owner was,’’ and it is posted in the Federal Register or in a newspaper in an ad that the homeowner is extremely unlikely to ever see. 
step to implement this directive that already exists. Give this meaning; give this teeth. Make sure that homeowners are actually notified in the mail, that there is an effort to actually find out who they are, and not just a bureaucratic signoff that we don’t know who they are and, therefore, they are never going to find out until trucks drive onto their property. 
It is a real problem, and there is a 
real simple, commonsense solution. I urge my colleagues to adopt it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, just 
to finish this, I would say that this is an unnecessary amendment because there are already two, if not three, different times that the notice to the surface owner already takes place: once to the public at large, twice to the surface owner in particular. 
afraid that it does not just refer strictly to Federal lands that the BLM controls, but this could apply to tribal lands and private lands. So it makes a mess in that regard. 
current law does refer to the surface owner and accomplishes the things 
that the proponent of the amendment wants to accomplish, so it is unnecessary. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chairman, I respect 
to ensure that the full area of disruption receives notification. So where you have a suburban subdevelopment, it is one thing for the owner under which the activity is occurring to get notice. 
has an impact certainly within a mile radius of that activity in terms of loud noises, trucks, et cetera. Families may choose to leave town; others may choose to stick it out and make sure they are prepared for whatever activity will occur, when it occurs. 
aspects in the current law, which there are, they are insufficient, because I come before you telling you that there are homeowners in Colorado who have no prior word of extraction activity on their land until, literally, they see it occurring. They see trucks, they see people. They go out, they say, ‘‘What are you doing?’’ and they say, ‘‘We are getting ready to drill.’’ 
amendment would make sure that, more than a good faith effort that is simply signed off on by some bureaucrat and therefore waived, there is a real effort of implementation. We give full rulemaking authority to the BLM to actually come up with a system for notifying homeowners and adjacent property owners about extraction work that is occurring for the mineral rights that occur under where they live. 
I hope that this is a basis of common 
sense from which we can build a concept of homeowner protections and surface owner rights to balance the rights that the mineral owners have. Certainly, transparency and notification is a simple one and an easy one for the BLM to implement. That is all the amendment would do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . BARTON  
to consider amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–359. 
an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
Congress can spur domestic energy production, create and preserve jobs, help maintain and strengthen our independent shipping fleet that is essential to national defense, and generate State and Federal revenues. 
a net exporter of energy has the potential to transform the security environment around the world, notably in Europe and the Middle East. 
presence of more United States oil in the market will offer more secure supply options, which will strengthen United States strategic alliances and help curtail the use of energy as a political weapon. 
a vital element of our military’s strategic sealift and global response capability. It assures United Statesflag ships and United States crews will be available to support the United States military when it needs to mobilize to protect our allies, and is the most prudent and economical solution to meet current and projected sealift requirements for the United States. 
provides a labor base of skilled American mariners who are available to crew the United States Governmentowned strategic sealift fleet, as well as the United States commercial fleet, in both peace and war. 
consumption over the past decade, and increasing investment in clean energy technology and energy efficiency will lower energy prices, reduce greenhouse gas emissions, and increase national security. 
Section 103 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6212) and the item relating thereto in the table of contents of that Act are repealed. 
law, to promote the efficient exploration, production, storage, supply, marketing, pricing, and regulation of energy resources, including fossil fuels, no official of the Federal Government shall impose or enforce any restriction on the export of crude oil. 
than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall conduct, and transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the results of, a study on the net greenhouse gas emissions that will result from the repeal of the crude oil export ban under section 7002. 
crude oil will have on the economy of the United States; 
crude oil will have on consumers, taking into account impacts on energy prices; 
crude oil will have on domestic manufacturing, taking into account impacts on employment; and 
crude oil will have on the refining sector, taking into account impacts on employment. 
of the President under the Constitution, the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C. 1601 et seq.), part B of title II of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6271 et seq.), the Trading With the Enemy Act (50 U.S.C. App. 1 et seq.), or any other provision of law that imposes sanctions on a foreign person or foreign government (including any provision of law that prohibits or restricts United States persons from engaging in a transaction with a sanctioned person or government), including a foreign government that is designated as a state sponsor of terrorism, to prohibit exports. 
Department of Energy shall encourage publicprivate partnerships between the energy sector and minority serving institutions, including Hispanic Serving Institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities. 
Not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report that reviews the impact of lifting the oil export ban under this title as it relates to promoting United States energy and national security. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to Congress a report analyzing how lifting the ban on crude oil exports will help create opportunities for veterans and women in the United States, while promoting energy and national security. 
OIL, REFINED PETROLEUM PRODUCTS, AND PETROCHEMICAL PRODUCTS TO THE ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN. 
authorize the export of crude oil, refined petroleum products, and petrochemical products by or through any entity or person, wherever located, subject to the jurisdiction of the United States to any entity or person located in, subject to the jurisdiction of, or sponsored by the Islamic Republic of Iran. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this amendment on behalf of myself, Mr. CUELLAR , Mr. F LORES , Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. M CCAUL. 
to H.R. 702, which passed the House floor on a strong bipartisan basis several months ago with 261 votes, I believe, in favor of it. 
had hoped that H.R. 702 would be brought up in the other body as a standalone bill, it doesn’t appear that is going to happen this session, so we want to try to put this on another vehicle that the Senate may yet bring up. 
I will also point out that there are a 
number of larger bills in play, and there is a possibility we will try to attach it to those also. 
to the bill that was brought up on the House floor. It is identical, with two exceptions: 
provision to provide some additional funding for our maritime merchant marine fleet because that was not germane—not because we don’t support it, but it was not germane. 
we do a study of the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. That is no longer necessary because that part of the bill has become law. 
Other than that, all of the amendments that were offered and accepted on both sides are in this amendment that is before us today. 
in the world. We have the capability to significantly increase our production, but under current law, Mr. Chairman, that is not possible because it is prohibited by a law that was passed in 1975. The gist of this bill is that it would repeal that ban and allow American crude oil to be put out on the world market, just like our refined oil products are today. 
I ask everybody who voted for it before to vote for it again, and for those of you who didn’t see the light the last time, we are going to give you a second chance tonight to vote for it. 
I want to see if there is anybody willing to stand up and be in opposition to this amendment. 
ever since I got involved in public policy, which was about 40 years ago, this Nation has been crying for energy independence. 
in 1974, during the oil energy crisis, when there was all around the world no 
oil available and no gas available, and we wanted to be energy independent. We are actually getting close to it; although, we continue to import 25 percent of our crude oil, but maybe we are on the cusp of being energy independent. 
So what does Big Oil want to do? It is 
not good enough that they should be the wealthiest of all corporations in America and the world. They want to take our precious and almost energy independent oil and export it. 
Where is it going to go? Where is the 
market? China, for sure, wants oil. They are going to need to double their import of oil. So where is Big Oil going to go with our precious natural resource that we have for at least the last 40 years been trying to use to achieve energy independence? 
Texas give away to Big Oil our energy independence? Why would we do that? 
prohibit. It puts the hand of the government—the President and the Secretary of Commerce—on the spigot, and if it is not in America’s interest to export, they can shut the spigot down. There is no such protection in this. The only hand on the spigot for the export of oil is Big Oil. There is $30 billion a year of additional revenue for Big Oil— as if they don’t already have enough. 
Shouldn’t this natural resource asset of America’s be shared? It could be. Control the spigot to the benefit of the people at the gas pump. My farmers need chemicals and fertilizer coming from the oil industry. They need the pipes—they need all of the material— and they need the diesel. Oh, we can forget about the farmers. After all, Big Oil wants to ship our precious natural resource—oil—overseas, probably to China. 
this, and if it is not in the public interest, don’t do it? $8.7 billion of refining infrastructure will not be built as a result of this export. Whose jobs are those? They are the American middle class’, which, apparently, all of us want to protect and enhance. Those are middle class jobs. $8.7 billion of infrastructure is not going to be built in our refineries. 
This is not a big deal. After all, Big 
Oil wants it. It is no big deal that we would take, as we move towards energy independence, the one product that is available that could diminish the 25 percent oil we currently import. No. We are simply going to ship it offshore. For whose benefit? Are the American mariners going to benefit from that? No. Are the American shipbuilders going to benefit from that? No, not at all. Who is going to benefit? Some in the oil patch will benefit for sure, and, certainly, the Big Oil companies will benefit; but will the American consumer at the gasoline pump benefit? 
I have seen the studies. You can design a study that will show it, but it 
means nothing. Remember this: $30 billion of oil a year is going to leave this country. For whose benefit? For Big Oil? It is not for the person at the gas pump. It is not for the farmer who is buying the diesel. It is not for the farmer who wants to buy the fertilizer. Give it away. Let them have it—as if they don’t already have enough. For a century, Big Oil has been subsidized by the American public. Enough already. 
I don’t think this is a good idea. I 
don’t think it is a good idea to take our crude oil and allow it to be shipped overseas with absolutely no restrictions whatsoever. You want a strong vote on this? Then make it a strong ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARTON. I will put the gentleman from California down as being undecided on the amendment. 
strong support of this amendment, which would strengthen our Nation’s energy, its security, its jobs, and its economy. 
We have heard some interesting rhetoric tonight, but here are the facts. This amendment results in five key benefits to our country: 
First, it benefits the American consumer with resulting overall lower energy prices. This particularly benefits lowerincome and lower middleincome Americans, providing greater economic security for those hardworking families; 
and allows them to further reinvest in our domestic energy infrastructure, furthering our energy security and goodpaying American jobs. Most of those companies are small, independent oil and gas companies, not the major companies that were just talked about; 
standing and strengthens ties with our global friends and allies, and it hurts those countries like Russia, Iran, and Venezuela, which are opposed to American interests; 
Four, it benefits the downstream refining community as lower prices will stimulate volume demand for their refined products. This gives them more financial capital to hire skilled American workers and to reinvest in their operations; 
Mr. BARTON for his work on this important amendment. I also thank the chairman for his support. 
to support the amendment and the underlying bill. Mr. BARTON. Mr. Chairman, how 
myself the balance of my time. I don’t see any other speakers on our side. 
Let me simply say that this amendment is about jobs for America. There 
is only one commodity that we prohibit, by law, from being exported, and it is crude oil. We don’t prohibit cotton; we don’t prohibit corn; we don’t prohibit ethanol; we don’t prohibit automobiles; we don’t prohibit video games or movies. We only prohibit crude oil. That is number one. 
precipitously fallen in the last 13 or 14 months, we have lost over 250,000 jobs in the United States. Those aren’t just oil patch jobs. Those are truck driver jobs; they are warehouse jobs; they are computer programmer jobs; they are restaurant jobs. You name it; those are real jobs. It is estimated, Mr. Chairman, that we are losing as many as 1,000 jobs a week right now. If we repeal this antiquated law, we can put some of those people back to work. 
world marketplace. It makes no sense to let Iran export oil, but we can’t let American oil be put on the world market. We don’t know who is going to buy the oil, but we do know that the money we will receive from it is going to come back to the United States. It is going to create jobs, and it is going to help our economy. It is going to be good for every American in every State of the 50 States in the Union. Vote for this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas will be postponed. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, proceedings will now resume on those amendments printed in House Report 114–359 on which further proceedings were postponed, in the following order: 
Amendment No. 19 by Ms. S CHAKOWSKY of Illinois. 
New York. Amendment No. 23 by Ms. C ASTOR of 
the minimum time for any electronic vote after the first vote in this series. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 246, noes 177, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) 
Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) 
Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larson (CT) Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey 
Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
unfinished business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 179, noes 244, not voting 10, as follows: 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costello (PA) Courtney Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge 
Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perry Pingree 
Pocan Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . GENE  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This will be a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 263, noes 158, not voting 12, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costa Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Kaptur Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta LoBiondo 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen 
Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) 
Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker 
Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jeffries Johnson (GA) Jones Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Lynch Maloney, Sean Matsui McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 172, noes 246, not voting 15, as follows: 
Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Dold Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal 
Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman 
Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney DeFazio Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger 
Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) 
No. 659 I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MS . 
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ) on which further proceedings 
were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 183, noes 239, not voting 11, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Farr Fattah Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reichert Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Esty Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie 
Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce 
Perry Peters Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . TONKO  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 198, noes 224, not voting 11, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster 
Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poliquin Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Reed Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
as above recorded. AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR) on which further proceedings were 
postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 175, noes 247, not voting 11, as follows: 
Ashford Bass Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Gabbard Gallego 
Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) 
Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan 
Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Cleaver Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Conyers Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper 
Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson 
Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
vote No. 662 on H.R. 8, I mistakenly recorded my vote as ‘‘no’’ when I should have voted 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . POLIS  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) 
on which further proceedings were postponed and on which the noes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 206, noes 216, not voting 11, as follows: 
Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Burgess Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Dent DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick 
Fortenberry Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hastings Heck (WA) Herrera Beutler Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Jones Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kirkpatrick Kuster Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McKinley McNerney Meng Messer Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) 
Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So the amendment was rejected. The result of the vote was announced 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MR . BARTON  
business is the demand for a recorded vote on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) on 
which further proceedings were postponed and on which the ayes prevailed by voice vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The Acting CHAIR. This is a 2 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 255, noes 168, not voting 10, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Ca´rdenas 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perlmutter Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon 
Scalise Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers 
Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) 
Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) 
Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern Meehan Meng Moore Moulton 
Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Rice (SC) RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. BLACK ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
today the Rules Committee issued a Dear Colleague letter outlining the amendment process for H.R. 2310, the Red River Private Property Protection Act. An amendment deadline has been set for Monday, December 7, 2015, at 12:00 p.m. Amendments should be drafted to the text as reported by the Committee on Natural Resources and is posted on the Rules Committee Web site. Please feel free to contact me or my staff with any questions. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on adoption of the conference report on the bill (S. 1177) to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 359, nays 64, not voting 10, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Allen Amodei Ashford Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Black Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) 
Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duffy Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jolly Joyce 
Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaHood LaMalfa Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey 
Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth 
Amash Babin Bishop (UT) Blackburn Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Culberson DeSantis DesJarlais Duncan (SC) Farenthold Fleming Franks (AZ) Gohmert Gosar Gowdy Graves (LA) Guinta 
Harper Harris Hice, Jody B. Holding Huelskamp Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Kelly (MS) King (IA) Labrador Lamborn Loudermilk Love Lummis Marchant Massie Meadows Miller (FL) Mooney (WV) Mulvaney Palazzo 
Palmer Perry Poe (TX) Ratcliffe Rogers (AL) Rohrabacher Rothfus Salmon Sanford Schweikert Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Stewart Stutzman Walker Weber (TX) Wenstrup Yoder Yoho 
was not able to vote today for medical reasons. 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 653, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 654, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 655, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 656, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 657, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 658, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 659, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 660, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 661, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 662, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 663, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 664, I 
Had I been present on rollcall vote 665, I 
Wednesday, December 2nd, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to family reasons. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘nay,’’ on rollcall 653, on ordering the Previous Question providing for further consideration of H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act of 2015; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
Res. 542—Providing for further consideration of H.R. 8, the North American Energy Security 
and Infrastructure Act of 2015; providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany S. 1177, to reauthorize the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to ensure that every child achieves. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 655, on the motion to instruct conferees on H.R. 644. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 656, on the Upton amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 657, on the Tonko amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Nay,’’ on rollcall 659, on the Beyer amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 661, on the Tonko amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 662, on the Castor amendment to H.R. 8. 
‘‘Yea,’’ on rollcall 663, on the Polis amendment to H.R. 8. 
Conference Report to Accompany S. 1177— Every Student Succeeds Act. 
unanimous consent that, when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
NORTH AMERICAN ENERGY SECURITY AND INFRASTRUCTURE ACT OF 2015 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 542 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 8. 
Will the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ) kindly resume the 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, with Mrs. BLACK (Acting Chair) 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, amendment No. 25 printed in House Report 114–359 offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BARTON ) had been disposed of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MR . CRAMER  
to consider amendment No. 26 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize an owner or operator of an electric transmission or distribution facility to manage vegetation selectively within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the rightofway near structures for selective thinning and fuel reduction. 
vegetation removed pursuant to this section shall be the property of the United States and not available for sale by the owner or operator. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ) and a 
amendment simply authorizes the voluntary—and I stress voluntary—vegetation management within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the rightof way near structures on U.S. Forest Service land. 
utility commissioner, I know there are many threats to power lines running across this country. Most of the time, this comes down to vegetation, as odd as it might seem, but especially in areas where there are a lot of trees and that are remote areas hard to get to. 
Offrightofway vegetation management on these lands are the responsibility of the United States Forest Service. But for any number of reasons, they aren’t conducting this critical work to ensure the reliability of our electricity. 
the work off their rightofway due to the lack of clarity in their legal liability or a strict liability standard. This amendment provides that legal certainty and holds utilities accountable for gross negligence or criminal misconduct. 
to note that this amendment demonstrates that this is not—and I stress is not—a backdoor to logging and prevents the sale of the vegetation by the utility and clarifies it shall be the property of the United States. Madam Chair, I would also emphasize 
that the Edison Electric Institute and the American Public Power Association support this amendment. 
Mr. CRAMER. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. 
stress that this authorizes voluntary vegetation management within 150 feet of the exterior boundary of the right ofway, prevents the sale of vegetation, and limits legal liability. I think it is a good amendment. 
Mr. CRAMER. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
manager’s amendment to H.R. 8 already includes a provision which would hand over management of vast swaths of U.S. public lands to private corporations and other utility providers under the guise of preventing forest fires. 
dead of night, and the full House won’t get to vote on it. This is a terrible way to treat our public lands. 
amendment would go even further, allowing electric utilities to clearcut a football fieldlength swath of national forest adjacent to transmission rights ofway. 
damage caused by transmission infrastructure from the utilities to the American taxpayers, and that is just not right. 
already working with utilities to improve rightofway maintenance, and both agencies testified before the Natural Resources Committee that prior agency approval is not necessary for emergency vegetation maintenance work. 
amendment at markup which would have required proactive planning by utilities in coordination with land managers to identify and address potential fire threats, but every Republican voted against it. Instead, they are supporting legislation which would lead to less responsible stewardship of the American people’s forests. 
According to the National Interagency Fire Center, power lines were responsible for causing only 0.03 percent of forest fires in past 5 years. 
Madam Chair, if Republicans were serious about preventing and fighting forest fires, they would work with us to adequately fund the Forest Service and fix the problem of fire borrowing, which last year burned up 52 percent of the agency’s budget. 
But this isn’t about solving a problem. This is about control. It is regrettable that House Republicans seek to give away the people’s land to private 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CRAMER. Madam Chair, I just 
want to correct a couple of the statements made sincerely by the opposition to this. I want to be clear that the cost of this is borne not by the taxpayers, but by the utilities themselves. The reason that they are not able to do it now, of course, is because of a lack of clarity and the liability. So this simply clears that part of it up. 
Again, I want to get back to I was a 
regulator for nearly 10 years. Some people may remember not so many years ago a major rolling brownout that led to blackouts in the northeastern part of this country. 
All of that was caused by trees growing into transmission lines. It has a cascading effect. And, yes, if it is a large forest, those trees growing into transmission lines can also create forest fires. 
the arguments that the gentleman raised are to the underlying bill, not to this amendment. This amendment is very straightforward. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Dakota will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . DUFFY  
to consider amendment No. 27 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to regulatory planning and review) and Executive Order 13563 (5 U.S.C. 601 note) (relating to improving regulation and regulatory review) (or any successor Executive order establishing requirements applicable to the uniform reporting of regulatory and deregulatory agendas); 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) and a 
rise to talk about a commonsense amendment, an amendment that takes aim at excessive bureaucratic rulemaking at the EPA. 
issue onerous and costly rules with little regard to the impact on American businesses and the families who run those businesses. 
the EPA’s major rules implemented between 2000 and 2013 have imposed an annual economic impact of $90 billion— a $90 billion annual impact per year, which means real jobs and a real impact on our economy. 
often ignores longstanding executive orders that require them to improve their own regulatory coordination planning and reviews. These executive orders were issued under the Clinton and Obama administrations, two administrations that have a very positive outlook towards the EPA. By no stretch of the imagination do we consider them conservatives. 
but not independent regulatory agencies like the EPA, to follow certain guidelines when it comes to major rules that would have a dramatic impact on State, local, or tribal government, or private sector expenditures in the aggregate of more than $100 million a year. So those are big rules that have big impacts. 
EPA is a prime example of that. It was going to cost $10 billion. This summer, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down that rule because the EPA unreasonably failed to consider the cost. My amendment would require the EPA to actually follow existing requirements to improve regulatory planning, coordination, and reviews. 
can’t afford the EPA to continue with duplicative and overreaching regulations. The EPA should have to follow the same rules that other departments in American government must follow. 
Mr. UPTON. I just want to say to the 
Chair and colleagues, this amendment requires the EPA to satisfy regulatory planning review requirements established by both the Clinton and Obama administrations. I think the amendment is a good one, 
in opposition to this amendment which would require EPA to satisfy within 30 days certain regulatory requirements included in three executive orders in two sections of the U.S. Code. This amendment is a solution in search of a problem. 
EPA, in carrying out its responsibilities to write regulations as required by various statutes—for example, the Clean Air Act and the Clean Water Act—already complies with the EPA’s specific responsibilities included in the three executive orders and two sections cited in this amendment. 
the publication of the Regulatory Flexibility Agenda in the Federal Register, as cited in section 602 of title 5 of the U.S. Code, are handled by the General Services Administration on behalf of other Federal agencies and are therefore similarly outside of the EPA’s control. 
Moreover, Madam Chair, this amendment has the potential to lead to confusion in the future because it requires the EPA also to satisfy requirements in any successor executive orders that may establish requirements applicable to the uniform reporting of regulatory and deregulatory agendas. 
What happens if these successor executive orders are not consistent with the current ones? Then we have a situation where EPA is forced to comply with competing executive orders, leading to unnecessary confusion. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, some of 
my friends across the aisle’s arguments are: Don’t let the people know. Let’s not be transparent. Let’s have the EPA implement rules with no comment, no transparency, and no input from the American people. 
That is not what our Founders envisioned. They envisioned a form of government where it was transparent and we all had a say in the process. These aren’t radical ideas. This is common sense. Listen, a quote: ‘‘Regulations shall 
be adopted through a process that involves public participation.’’ That wasn’t from Ronald Reagan or George Bush. That was Barack Obama. 
‘‘Each agency, where feasible and appropriate, shall seek the views of those who are likely to be affected.’’ Not Ronald Reagan, not George Bush, but Barack Obama. 
process up, let the American people see the impact and the rules that are being proposed, just like in every other government agency. The EPA shouldn’t get special treatment. 
American involvement from the people in the process is what this amendment is about. I encourage all of my colleagues to support good government and a great amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, let me 
just say that this process with the EPA is very transparent, they do consider costs, and I disagree with the gentleman. 
I urge opposition to this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DUFFY. Madam Chair, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 28 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
to consider amendment No. 28 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
project’’ does not include any dispute between the parties to a lease regarding the obligations under the lease, including any alleged breach of the lease. 
in the United States district court in which the covered energy project or lease exists or is proposed. 
on the date of the final Federal agency action to which the covered civil action relates. 
The court shall endeavor to hear and determine any covered civil action as expeditiously as practicable. 
a court shall not grant or approve any prospective relief unless the court finds that the relief— 
2412 of title 28, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Equal Access to Justice Act’’), shall not apply to a covered civil action. 
civil action shall not receive payment from the Federal Government for the attorneys’ fees, expenses, or other court costs incurred by the party. 
Department of the Interior Board of Land Appeals shall meet the same standing requirements as a challenger before a United States district court. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer a commonsense amendment to H.R. 8. The GosarBridenstine Yoho amendment ensures timely review for legal challenges of energy projects and limits attorneys’ fees for such challenges in order to discourage frivolous lawsuits and foster American energy production. 
process and encourage production of natural gas, hydropower, clean coal, geothermal, solar, oil, biomass, and all other sources of energy that are produced on Federal lands. 
Specifically, this amendment requires that U.S. district courts hear and determine covered civil action challenges as expeditiously as practical and that all covered actions be filed within 90 days of the final Federal agency action. 
commonsense step that a government accountable to the people should take to show proper stewardship of the public’s dollar, time, and resources. If you support transparency and cutting red tape that is holding up energy development, then you should support this amendment. 
Just this week, the House passed legislation unanimously in the form of H.R. 3279, the Open Book on Equal Access to Justice Act. This bipartisan bill tracks how much money is paid out under the Equal Access to Justice Act, EAJA, and from which agencies. This legislation was necessary because, while Congress used to track such information, these practices were stopped in 1995. 
The GosarBridenstineYoho amendment improves on this excellent bipartisan work by limiting attorney fees and frivolous lawsuits against covered energy products, including renewables. 
EAJA payouts, as they have occurred untracked and in the dark for 20 years, the Government Accountability Office last reported in 2009 that special interest Washington, D.C., lawyers were billing the Federal Government at exorbitant rates, as high as $750 an hour. 
3279 should be signed into law, those reporting requirements should kick in, and our amendment should be adopted 
before the Federal Government squanders more taxpayer money paying out D.C. trial attorneys who specialize in holding up American energy production. 
Americans for Limited Government; the American Petroleum Institute; Anglers United, Inc.; Arizona Builders Alliance; the Arizona Farm Bureau; Arizona Liberty; Arizona Pork Council; AZ BASS Nation; the Bass Federation; Concerned Citizens for America; Gavel Resources; Grand Canyon State Electric Cooperative Association; the Rural Public Lands County Council; Shake, Rattle and Troll Radio; Sulfur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative; the Yuma County Chamber of Commerce; and countless citizens around the country who are tired of red tape and bureaucracy holding up American energy production. 
I thank the chair and ranking member for their tireless efforts on the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act, and I strongly support H.R. 8. 
We have talked to the Natural Resources Committee staff. Obviously, that is something that Chairman BISHOP supports. 
timely review for legal challenges of energy projects. It is a worthy amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, I reserve 
Chair, I rise in opposition to the amendment to H.R. 8. 
of procorporate, antienvironmental legislation designed by large corporations to restrict access to the courts for the average citizen. 
The Gosar amendment ignores separation of powers by telling the Federal courts how to do their job, restricting the type of relief a court can grant, and penalizing successful challenges brought under the Equal Access to Justice Act. This, in turn, limits access to legal relief for those challenging government decisions. 
rancher or a landowner and you live adjacent to Federal land that is being leased out to an energy company for fracking and you are worried about what is going to happen to your drinking water, you are worried about the price of your house, and you are worried about the health of your children. Well, this amendment will greatly interfere with your ability to challenge the decision of the Federal agency granting the permit. It will tie the hands of the courts in terms of deciding the case in a fair and just way. 
For nearly 70 years, the Administrative Procedure Act, or APA, has served as the foundation for administrative agency action and ensures that agency action taking place in the rulemaking process is fair, efficient, and flexible enough to accommodate the myriad of agency actions it governs along with the challenges of daily life. 
hallmark of the APA, and it is critical to ensuring that government action does not harm or adversely affect the public. The Gosar amendment would discard decades of wisdom and jurisprudence preserving the right of judicial review. 
limitations for judicial review of agency action under the APA to 90 days. This is down from 6 years for most claims brought against the United States in cases involving onshore and offshore energy leasing, development, and transmission on Federal lands. 
would effectively immunize government action involving energy projects from public accountability, allowing those agencies to opt out of our civil justice system. 
Second, the amendment limits a judicial stay of final agency action by requiring courts to only consider whether relief would be the least intrusive or narrowly drawn relief possible to correct a violation. 
would dramatically interfere with the courts’ ability to provide relief, tilting the outcome against the public interest. 
door to the courthouse by prohibiting access to funds under the Equal Access to Justice Act. By enacting the Equal Access to Justice Act, Congress recognized that individuals and organizations should not be deterred from challenging unjustified governmental action simply because it costs too much. 
persons with disabilities, small businesses, and nonprofit organizations from across the ideological spectrum have relied upon the Equal Access to Justice Act to challenge illegal government action. This amendment would cripple the rights of those concerned or opposed to an energy project by preventing those who cannot afford to litigate a case against a big corporation from recovering fees, expenses, and court costs when they win. 
up for everyday Americans. I urge my colleagues to stand for the rights of the individual and local communities and oppose this misguided amendment. 
amendment is simple. Either you are with American energy producers, or you are with overpaid, highpriced Washington, D.C., attorneys and extremist special interest groups that are holding up American energy production. 
This amendment still allows the public to seek assistance in Federal court and actually encourages that an upor down review of their legal challenges occur in a more timely manner. 
NEPA or environmental requirements whatsoever. All American energy producers will still have to go through the full environmental review and permitting process. As I mentioned earlier with regard to previous amendments, that process takes an average of 1,709 days to complete, and it allows public input from all Americans. 
Chair, you are with American people— farmers, ranchers, landowners, just regular, ordinary people—or you are with the Big Business corporations that are seeking to rape and pillage, on occasion, the land without any drawback of having to be taken into the courthouse to deal with what they have done or with what they are about to do. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Madam Chair, as I stated earlier, the amendment encourages an alloftheabove energy strategy and has specific language that ensures the amendment applies to solar, natural gas, hydropower, clean coal, geothermal, oil, biomass, and any other 
source of energy that is produced on Federal lands. It actually embraces and supports those folks out there in America; so I ask all of our folks to vote for the GosarBridenstineYoho amendment. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . UPTON  
to consider amendment No. 29 printed in House Report 114–359. 
designee of Evan Jenkins, I offer amendment No. 29. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Commerce shall jointly transmit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Natural 
Resources of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, the results of a study to— 
that delay, prohibit, or impede the export of natural energy resources, including government and technical (physical or market) barriers that hinder coal, natural gas, oil, and other energy exports; and 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment requires the Department of Energy and the Department of Commerce to conduct a study regarding the legal and regulatory barriers that delay, prohibit, or impede the export of natural energy resources. 
This amendment instructs the Department of Energy and the Department of Commerce to conduct this study to figure out which regulatory barriers may be prohibiting, delaying, or hindering the export of America’s natural resources, like coal and natural gas, which come in the form of permitting requirements, the threat of litigation, regulatory red tape, market forces, and more. 
I urge my colleagues to support it. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
from New Jersey is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. PALLONE. Madam Chair, I rise 
in opposition to this amendment, which would require the Department of Energy and the Department of Commerce to conduct a study on the legal and regulatory provisions that delay or prohibit the export of natural energy resources. 
Chair, of an amendment in search of a problem. The majority is, once again, making hyperbolic claims about the Federal Government blocking energy exports, but this is simply not true. 
the Department of Energy currently conducts a public interest review of all applications to export LNG to a country without a free trade agreement with the United States. The DOE has established a record of acting expeditiously, and it has acted on all applications that have completed the NEPA process. To date, the DOE has approved nine final authorizations on seven projects. So, to imply there is a barrier in this case is simply not true. 
Further, any socalled barrier usually has a specific purpose: for example, taking the time to ensure that public health is protected, that safety and environmental concerns are adequately evaluated, that the export of our natural resources is actually in the national interest, and that consumers are not adversely impacted. 
Finally, the amendment doesn’t define ‘‘barrier.’’ So would other agencies’ regulations, promulgated under other statutory authority, constitute a barrier? I am also not sure that the DOE and the Department of Commerce even have the appropriate expertise to assess these barriers. 
oppose this amendment as its being an unnecessary and vaguely defined study, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . ROUZER  
to consider amendment No. 30 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
The final rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and ForcedAir Furnaces’’ published at 80 Fed. Reg. 13672 (March 16, 2015) shall have no force or effect and shall be treated as if such rule had never been issued. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ) and 
today to offer an amendment to the North American Energy Security and Infrastructure Act. 
published a final rule establishing new regulations for wood heaters. Manufacturers and consumers across the country are concerned about the negative impact of these new regulations. In essence, these new requirements will increase the cost to the point that wood heaters may very well be priced out of the marketplace. The best case scenario is that consumers will be paying more. Now, Madam Chair, neither is a good outcome. 
U.S. households still choose wood heaters to keep their energy costs as low as possible. The number of households that rely on wood as their primary heating source—get this—rose by nearly onethird from 2005 to 2012. 
States have worked to protect their residents from the consequences of these new regulations. Wisconsin, Missouri, Michigan, Virginia, and my home State of North Carolina have all introduced or have passed legislation that prohibits their respective environmental agencies from enforcing these burdensome, unnecessary regulations. The reason is that they know the costs of additional regulations are always passed down to the consumers. 
has no business telling private citizens how they should heat their homes. 
Midwest and the Northeast who are going to need and want a wood heater. After all, this is America. If you want to have the opportunity to buy a wood heater, you ought to have that opportunity. It shouldn’t be priced out of the market. 
that 12 million woodburning stoves in 2.4 million households across America need to be regulated. 
Back in the Eighth District of Missouri, about 30,000 households use wood heat to warm their homes. Census data shows that households heating with wood grew 34 percent between 2000 and 2010 and that low and middleincome households are much more likely to use wood as a primary heating fuel. A given home in my district is five times more likely to be heated with wood than is the national average. 
sick of this administration’s war on rural America. Rules like these disproportionately hurt rural areas, which use much more wood heat than do urban or suburban environments: 57 percent of households that primarily 
use wood for heat are in rural areas; 40 percent are in the suburbs; and only 3 percent are in urban areas. Times are already tough enough back home. Folks should not be punished for their selfreliance and their forethought to take advantage of an abundant, eco friendly fuel like wood. 
eliminating this rule and keeping affordable energy available to folks who need it the most. 
amendment will delay the implementation of the EPA’s important standards for residential wood heaters—finalized in February 2015—that will help improve air quality, especially in communities where people burn wood for heat. 
The EPA updated these standards because the Clean Air Act requires the EPA to set new source performance standards for categories of stationary sources of pollution that cause or significantly contribute to air pollution that may endanger public health or welfare, and the law requires the EPA to review these standards every 8 years. 
residential wood heaters in 1988. The Agency amended the standards once in 1998 to prohibit the sale of wood heaters to consumers if the manufacturer had used an invalid test to obtain EPA certification that the heater met NSPS requirements. The 1998 amendments did not change the emission limits in the original rule. This means the standards for wood heaters have not been updated in nearly 30 years. 
The EPA’s standards reflect significant outreach to the public and interested stakeholders, including consultation with State, local, and tribal governments and a Small Business Advocacy Review Panel. 
The new standards will provide tremendous health benefits by cutting harmful air pollution, including particle pollution, carbon monoxide, and air toxics. Particle pollution causes a range of adverse health effects, including asthma, heart attacks, and stroke. 
of these standards will be up to $7.6 billion annually. Put another way, for every dollar spent to manufacture cleaner wood heaters, we will see up to $165 in health benefits. So blocking this rule is fiscally irresponsible. 
require people who use wood heaters to replace the models they currently use, but this standard applies only to the new manufacturing of wood heaters. It does not require people to replace the heaters they have already purchased. Let me repeat that. The EPA is not going into anyone’s home and forcing one to replace a heater one currently has. The final rule also has a gradual 5 
law and if the EPA is unable to implement these standards, manufacturers will be able to continue producing outdated wood heaters that pose risks to our air quality and to our health. 
that is long overdue. It has important benefits, and it should be allowed to be implemented; so I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROUZER. Mr. Chairman, this is a 
commonsense amendment that has been put forward in order to address an onerous, unnecessary rule. My question is: What are we going to try to regulate next—fireplaces? It is next on the list, it seems to me. 
I ask for the support of this amendment, and I thank my colleague from Missouri for being here to offer his words of support for the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. WOODALL ). 
The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 31 OFFERED BY MS . CASTOR OF  
to consider amendment No. 31 printed in House Report 114–359. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
SERVICE AND NET BILLING SERVICE FOR COMMUNITY SOLAR FACILITIES. 
‘community solar facility’ means a solar photovoltaic system that— 
‘‘(bb) connected to a local distribution facility of the electric utility; and 
‘‘(cc) located on or off the property of a 
billing service’ means a service provided by an electric utility to an electric consumer through which electric energy generated for that electric consumer from a community solar facility may be used to offset electric energy provided by the electric utility to the electric consumer during the applicable billing period. 
(ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘In 
Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2622) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
State or the relevant nonregulated electric utility has conducted a proceeding to consider implementation of the standard (or a comparable standard) for the electric utility; or 
implementation of the standard (or a comparable standard) for the electric utility.’’. 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is a great opportunity to put solar power within reach of more families and small businesses across America. It amends the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 under which Congress directs States to consider adopting certain regulatory policies. 
My amendment directs States to consider solar projects up to 2 megawatts in size to be connected to their power distribution system and that utilities allow the electricity produced by the community solar facility to be credited directly to each of the consumers that owns a share of the system, thus offsetting the cost of the electricity that would normally be billed by the utility to the customer. 
of Columbia have shared renewable policies in place. My amendment would encourage other States to consider implementing new policies to promote community solar projects. 
are currently unable to host a photovoltaic system because they do not own their building. They are renters or they do not have access to sufficient roof space, like highrise buildings or multifamily buildings, or they live in buildings with too much shade or insufficient roof space to host such a photovoltaic system. 
businesses are unable to host a solar array. So by opening the market to these customers, shared solar could represent as much as half of the distributed photovoltaic market in 2020, 
adding an additional 5.5 to 11 gigawatts of solar capacity across our country. 
One good example is what is happening in central Florida. The Orlando Utilities Commission has developed central Florida’s first community solar farm. The community solar farm gives Orlando residential and small business customers access to sustainable, maintenancefree solar energy without the hassles and costs associated with installing panels on their home or businesses. 
average of 540,000 kilowatts annually, which is enough energy to meet the power needs of about 40 homes. This has great promise. It has great potential for families and small businesses that we all represent across the country. 
I would urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
amendment requires States to consider electric utilities to allow community solar projects of up to 2 megawatts to connect to the electric grid. We do know that community solar is an exciting new technology that many communities and customers are seriously considering. 
I could say that I support the gentlewoman’s community solar goals, but there are some concerns with the amendment. Namely, as drafted, it could violate some State electric service laws, while also potentially being redundant of Federal standards currently imposed on States. 
uses PURPA for States to consider, which they are free to consider or reject, we can accept the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee for recognizing the great promise and great potential for solar power for families and small businesses across the country. I thank him for urging an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
to consider amendment No. 32 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress the results of a study to determine the maximum level of volatility that is consistent with the safest practicable shipment of crude oil by rail. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and 
this amendment requires the Department of Energy to study and report to Congress within 1 year the maximum level of volatility that is safe for transporting crude oil by rail. 
the bill is a first step in addressing concerns of residents in districts like mine that, while it is heavily industrialized, is also urbanized. The area that I represent has five oil refineries and two destination facilities for oil by rail. 
5,000 percent along rail routes leading from production zones in America to refineries and hubs along both coasts. As traffic increases, so does the risk of derailments to communities. Bakken crude oil is considered more volatile than other types of crude and has important safety implications for all of us. 
The Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration has issued safety alerts warning that crude oil being transported from this region may be more flammable than traditional heavy crude oil. In fact, heavy volatile crude oil from this region has been compared to jet fuel with flammable vapors that can ignite after a derailment. 
have been forced to evacuate or sustain significant property and environmental damage after derailment. Unfortunately, there have been instances of severe injuries and some deaths resulting from these accidents. 
taken important steps to improve tank car standards, more must be done to ensure that Americans living near railways are safe. This amendment requires DOE to determine the acceptable volatility for the safe transportation of oil by rail. 
I would urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
the time in opposition, but I support the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, this amendment requires the Department of Energy to study the maximum level of 
volatility that is consistent with the safest practical shipment of crude oil by rail. Every one of us here wants the safe transportation of all of our natural resources. Rail transport is getting larger and larger. We need to make sure that it is safe. 
would urge all my colleagues to support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ). 
support of the DeSaulnierLowey Garamendi amendment. At the outset, I want to thank my friend, the distinguished chairman, for your wisdom in supporting this very important amendment. 
This year derailments in North Dakota, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia endangered lives, destroyed homes, and jeopardized waterways. 
America’s extensive rails, including my constituents in Rockland County, New York, where every week as many as 30 trains carry highly volatile Bakken crude oil past homes, schools, and businesses. 
tanker cars collided with a truck in West Nyack, averting disaster because the cars were empty. This was not an isolated incident. Vehicles are frequently struck on train tracks that carry crude oil. Just last month a freight train collided with a car in Congers. We cannot afford to risk a ‘‘next time.’’ 
We need scientific information to determine what volatility levels of crude oil can be safely shipped, which would be provided if this amendment passed, to protect those living near railways from the dangers associated with a crude oil derailment. 
and our chair again. It looks like we are going to see some important action on this very critical issue. 
thank the chairman, the staff, and Mrs. LOWEY . 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . DEUTCH  
to consider amendment No. 33 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17212) is amended to read as follows: 
Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of Commerce, and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, shall carry out a program of research, development, demonstration, and commercial application to accelerate the introduction of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy production into the United States energy supply, giving priority to fostering accelerated research, development, and commercialization of technology, including— 
improve the components, processes, and systems used for power generation from marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources; 
and prove the efficacy of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy devices; and 
the efficient and reliable integration of marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy with the utility grid; 
and longterm needs to create a sustainable marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy supply chain based in the United States; 
maintainability, and cost of new marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy device designs and system components in an operating environment; 
activities across programs of the Department and other applicable Federal agencies, including National Laboratories, and to coordinate publicprivate collaboration in all programs under this section; 
other support of value to be exchanged and leveraged; and 
centers and international companies to participate in the development of water technology in the United States and to encourage United States research centers and United States companies to participate in water technology projects abroad.’’. 
energy systems of various technology readiness levels and scales; 
for the marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy industry by collecting and disseminating information on best practices in all areas relating to developing and managing marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy resources and energy systems.’’. 
and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17215) is amended by striking ‘‘2008 through 2012’’ and inserting ‘‘2016 through 2019’’. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
North American Energy Security Infrastructure Act, was crafted to support the modernization of our Nation’s energy infrastructure and the promotion of energy efficiency. 
on this legislation by supporting further development of one of our Nation’s clean, renewable energy sources, marine and hydrokinetic energy. 
This amendment reauthorizes the Department of Energy’s marine and hydrokinetic research, development, and demonstration programs. This amendment would support the innovative work done by institutions across the country, including Florida Atlantic University in my district. I am so proud that FAU has been a leader in hydrokinetic energy, harnessing the clean power of our oceans to bring America one step closer to energy independence. 
pristine coasts in Broward County has already shown the tremendous potential of hydrokinetic energy to produce reliable energy without endangering our beaches or oceans. 
These national marine renewable energy research, development, and demonstration centers will serve as information clearinghouses for the marine 
and hydrokinetic energy industry by providing best practices information on developing and managing these projects so that others can learn from the work being done nationwide and grow this important energy source. 
projects generate energy from waves, currents, such as the gulf stream, and tides in the ocean and estuary or tidal areas. They also can generate energy from freeflowing water in rivers, lakes, or streams. 
projects generate power without the use of a dam or the impoundment of water. Accordingly, the projects have minimal, if any, impact on the surrounding environment. 
are a massive resource that have the potential to produce continuous clean energy. In fact, harnessing only 15 percent of the energy from U.S. coastal waves would produce as much electricity as we currently produce from conventional hydroelectric dams. 
the amount of energy that could be produced from waves, currents, and tides along the U.S. coast could provide power to approximately 67 million homes. With more than 50 percent of our Nation’s population currently living within 50 miles of coastline, harnessing the energy of ocean waves, currents, and tides and transmitting the energy to our cities and neighborhoods is cost effective and practical. 
The Department of Energy has estimated that hydrokinetic energy could provide up to 25 percent of our Nation’s power. The agency estimates that California, Washington, and Oregon could have up to 20 percent of their electricity requirements generated from waves, while Hawaii and Alaska could have nearly all of their energy needs provided by marine hydrokinetic energy. 
Currently, this still young and developing form of energy technology is in the process of being commercialized. 
harness energy from the tides near Cobscook Bay have been connected to the electric grid and provide enough power for 25 to 30 homes. In Hawaii, a hydrokinetic device has become the first to be connected to the electric grid that harnesses energy from waves. 
commercializing this energy form, and it will enable them to become more widespread and provide power to the grids in our cities and communities. 
improve the efficiency of regulations impacting the licensing of marine and hydrokinetic projects. The amendment would provide clarity on the regulations that need to be satisfied for projects seeking a license and the agencies involved in reviewing the licensing process so that innovative projects don’t get caught up in needless bureaucracy. Marine and hydrokinetic will provide 
a continuous and a clean source of energy. This amendment would support and promote continued investment in research and development of hydrokinetic projects that work to harness power from ocean waves, currents, and tides, as well as our Nation’s rivers, lakes, and streams. It would also improve the regulatory barriers that slow the licensing process for these projects. 
source of energy we need to continue to develop, improve, and connect to the grid to provide our cities and communities with the electricity that they need. 
in support of marine and hydrokinetic power and for his support of this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
that I am convinced that this is a good amendment, and I will be in support of the amendment. 
CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS on our committee, who are strong supporters of hydropower. 
This amendment promotes the research, development, and demonstration of marine hydrokinetic energy technologies and improves the regulatory process for such programs. As such, we support the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
to consider amendment No. 34 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
or gas consumption data’’ means data about a customer’s electrical or natural gas usage that is made available as part of an advanced metering infrastructure, and includes the name, account number, or residence of the customer. 
utilizes an advanced metering infrastructure that allows a customer to access the customer’s electrical and gas consumption data shall ensure that the customer has an option to access that data without being required to agree to the sharing of his or her personally identifiable information, including electrical or gas consumption data, with a third party. 
an electrical corporation or gas corporation from disclosing a customer’s electrical or gas consumption data to a third party for system, grid, or operational needs, or the implementation of demand response, energy management, or energy efficiency programs, provided that, for contracts entered into after January 1, 2016, the utility has required by contract that the third party implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, and prohibits the use of the data for a secondary commercial purpose not related to the primary purpose of the contract without the customer’s consent. 
an electrical corporation or gas corporation from disclosing electrical or gas consumption data as required or permitted under State or Federal law or by an order of a State public utility commission. 
her electrical or gas consumption data to a third party that is unaffiliated with, and has no other business relationship with, the electrical or gas corporation, the electrical or gas corporation shall not be responsible for the security of that data, or its use or misuse. 
shall not sell a customer’s electrical consumption data or any other personally identifiable information for any purpose. 
that utilizes an advanced metering infrastructure that allows a customer to access the customer’s electrical consumption data shall ensure that the customer has an option to access that data without being required to agree to the sharing of his or her personally identifiable information, including electrical consumption data, with a third party. 
contracts with a third party for a service that allows a customer to monitor his or her electricity usage, and that third party uses the data for a secondary commercial purpose, the contract between the local publicly owned electric utility and the third party shall provide that the third party prominently discloses that secondary commercial purpose to the customer. 
shall use reasonable security procedures and practices to protect a customer’s unencrypted electrical consumption data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure, and prohibits the use of the data for a secondary commercial purpose not related to the primary purpose of the contract without the customer’s consent. 
local publicly owned electric utility from disclosing a customer’s electrical consumption data to a third party for system, grid, or operational needs, or the implementation of demand response, energy management, or energy efficiency programs, provided, for contracts entered into after January 1, 2016, that the utility has required by contract that the third party implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information, to protect the personal information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
local publicly owned electric utility from disclosing electrical consumption data as required under State or Federal law. 
her electrical consumption data to a third party that is unaffiliated with, and has no other business relationship with, the local publicly owned electric utility, the utility shall not be responsible for the security of that data, or its use or misuse. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ) and a 
amendment would establish minimum privacy standards for smart meters on 
people’s homes which are part of the smart electric grid. 
According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, as of 2013, nearly 52 million smart meters have already been installed in the United States. This amendment would prohibit locally publicly owned electric utilities, electrical corporations, or gas companies from sharing, disclosing, or otherwise making accessible to any third party a customer’s electrical or gas consumption data. 
to use reasonable security procedures and practices to protect the customer’s unencrypted electrical and gas consumption data from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. 
This amendment does establish minimum privacy standards for smart meters. I think it is a smart amendment, brilliant, and it needs to be adopted. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRAYSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
to consider amendment No. 35 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
shall jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields relate to energy. 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a 
take a moment, Mr. Chairman, as we have been debating important energy issues on the floor of the House, to 
offer my deepest sympathy to the families who have lost loved ones in San Bernardino and hope that we will come together as a country and find solutions to this terrible tragedy. 
me the opportunity to introduce this amendment because it talks about the goodness of this Nation and the wonderment of our youth. My amendment particularly is called the Youth Energy Enterprise Competition. It asks the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interests and careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially those fields that relate to energy. 
Congress, I have had the privilege of being on the Congressional Award Board that provides medals to young people across the country for their public service, for their volunteerism. I can see when they come to Washington the excitement and the future of this Nation. 
Nation is in energy independence. Economic growth, national security, expanding opportunities, and diversifying the energy sector workforce are critical issues we must invest our time and talent in. 
colleges, high schools, and middle schools are talking about science, technology, engineering, and math. We are trying to introduce our children to the wonders of science, technology, engineering, and math. 
I do it by introducing my young people to NASA, NASA Johnson, inviting them down to the space center and watching their eyes open in amazement, or my annual Toys for the Kids effort, a big Christmas party, and the most popular entity is the astronaut and the space exhibit. So I know it is in our children. 
the administration’s commitment to promoting our national economic and homeland security interests and empowering our youth. It asks the Secretaries of the Energy and Commerce Departments to develop a challenge so that our young people can compete with their ideas about the energy challenges of America. 
to those of us who are policymakers or maybe even to the world of the energy industry, from those in Silicon Valley—and when I say that, dealing with high tech—to the hardnosed energy in our Midwest, and certainly down to Houston, Texas, where we are dealing with LNG, natural gas, and oil and looking for new ways to produce that product in a safe and environmentally secure way. 
forth new ideas, excited young people, maybe starting from elementary or middle school, certainly working with 
young people in high school and rewarding them for their talent. 
pictures from my district. One exhibits a community garden but really is teaching young people about soil and the idea of how you raise trees and dealing with the science of farming. Then you have them also dealing with a drone, knowing the technology of that and using it in a good way. 
I believe that this amendment will help us bring to the forefront their talent and bright new ideas to make this Nation the kind of strong and powerful nation that we know it is but, more importantly, using the genius of our youth to face the 21st century energy challenges. 
It is listed in the Committee Report as Jackson Lee #35. 
Let me express my appreciation to Chairman UPTON and Ranking Member P ALLONE for 
their leadership and commitment to American energy infrastructure development, security, independence and economic growth. 
Ranking Member S LAUGHTER , and the members of the Rules Committee for making in order Jackson Lee Amendment #35. 
shall jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially, as those fields relate to energy. 
economic growth, national security, and expanding opportunities and diversifying the energy sector workforce are critical issues we must invest our time and talent in. 
if we encourage our youth to be interested in energy related fields, which will position our nation as the leader in the 21st century. 
H.R. 8 seeks to continue to modernize energy infrastructure, help our nation build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, promote energy efficiency and government accountability. 
the energy capital of the nation, I am always looking to support energy policies that not only make our nation more energy independent and create jobs but one that also invests in the future of America: our youth. 
16 percent of American high school seniors are proficient in math and interested in a STEM career. 
create opportunities for youth to become excited about careers in the energy industry and to pursue energy related educational degrees 
whole must remain committed to inspiring, educating and equipping the next generation of Googles, Amazons, Twitters and Facebooks of the energy sector. 
In today’s world, one only need look at all 
the technology we need to get by in our day to day dealings to understand the impact of STEM on our lives. 
watch their cartoons such as Pepper the Pig and Thomas the Train, owing to innovation in technology and exposure to technology. 
Similarly, in the science, technology, engineering and math fields as it relates to energy, young people can be the solution to some of the challenges faced by our nation, but only through preparedness. 
Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) fields is central to U.S. economic competitiveness and growth. 
countries like Hong Kong, Singapore and Taiwan are leading the way in the globe in educating and preparing their youth in STEM. 
so that they surpass their peers in the global community. 
Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to encourage youth to propose solutions to the energy challenges of the United States and to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields relate to energy. 
the competitive world of energy independence, security and infrastructure building. 
Part of our longterm strategy ought to be to 
stimulate and promote innovation among young people to meet tomorrow’s sure demand for adequate supply of a qualified workforce in the STEM fields, specifically as it relates to energy. 
space and nurture the platform to develop our young people’s ability to think deeply about the energy challenges of our nation and the role they can play in coming up with solutions. 
be the breeding ground for future innovators, educators, researchers, and leaders in the energy sector who can solve the most pressing challenges facing our nation and our world, both today and tomorrow. 
to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment #35. 
could oppose this amendment, let me just say from the beginning. 
This amendment directs the Secretaries of Energy and Commerce to jointly establish an energy enterprise competition to promote youth interest in careers in science, technology, engineering, and math, especially as those fields related to energy. 
Dean Kamen, probably the best inventor of our time. He has, on his own, started just a wonderful program employing hundreds of thousands of youth all around the country, all around the world, a competition called FIRST Robotics, to really get high school and middle school students invested in looking at the science of so many different things in competitions that I participated in. 
in town tonight, was honored as I think the number one guy in the Nation earlier this year in Michigan. We are going to have the national competition in Detroit, I want to say, in 2 years. But I have been at the regional competition for this, and where kids and mentors and companies are invested, this is the future of science in so many different things. 
urge all my colleagues to vote for it. I know that, as I look at my friendship with Dean Kamen, he will probably never talk to me again if I oppose the amendment. It is a great amendment. It should have been done as part of our committee mark. 
Education committees and appropriators to make sure that it is funded. It is a good thing. I would urge all my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
thank the gentleman from Michigan. I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). 
want to thank my colleague from Texas for coming up with such a great program for young people. Listening to her and her sense of optimism about the future, I think that is what we need 
to encourage with our young people. I was so pleased to see that the chairman of our committee also supports it. 
Dean Kamen is a hero of all of us. As 
I said, the greatest joy that I have seen in my young people when I invite them out is going to NASA Johnson out in Houston and, as well, when I bring the astronauts either to their schools or, more importantly, when NASA goes out to the schools. But when I have this big Christmas party, Santa Claus comes, but I will tell you that the astronauts are enormously popular. 
well, for being committed to the energy and the dreaming and the inspiration and talent of our young people. That is what this amendment is about. I hope we can work together to find the funding but, more importantly, to get our young people engaged. I think they will have a lot of answers. 
amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MS . MENG  
to consider amendment No. 36 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following: 
House Resolution 542, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is simple. It seeks to strike the term ‘‘Oriental’’ from Federal law in the last two remaining instances it is used to refer to a person within the Federal law. 
not want either of my children to be referred to as ‘‘Oriental’’ by their teacher at school, I hope we can all agree that the term ‘‘Oriental’’ no longer deserves a place in Federal law. 
strikes the offensive term from 42 U.S.C. 7141 and 42 U.S.C. 6705, two sections of Federal law written in the 1970s that fall under the jurisdiction of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
pass laws such as the Chinese Exclusion Act and the Geary Act, but we also found it appropriate to repeal them. Times change. What is acceptable changes, and this Congress more often than not yields to that change. 
join me in striking the legal use of outdated terms that many in the community would find offensive. I thank the Committee on Rules for making this amendment in order. I thank the chairman for allowing me time to speak on what is an important issue to my district, and I thank, again, Mr. ROYCE for 
I urge support for the amendment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of 
the time in opposition, but again, I strongly support this amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Chair, I am delighted that Ms. MENGbrought this to 
our attention. Mr. R OYCE is a very dear 
friend. I know we all share the same thoughts. I also want to just thank PETESESSIONS , chairman of the Committee on Rules, for making this amendment in order. I would urge all my colleagues to support the amendment and appreciate it being offered tonight. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MENG. Mr. Chair, I thank the 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Chair, I rise today to speak 
in support of the amendment to H.R. 8 introduced by my colleague, the Gentlewoman from New York, Representative MENG. 
America today. We are a nation of immigrants that is proud of its diversity. 
correct the mistakes of the past. That is what this amendment is about. The Federal Code still contains language on ethnicity that is antiquated and inappropriate. Our society has progressed a great deal in the last 100 years. It is time for us to do the same to our Federal Code. 
This amendment eliminates outdated, disrespectful terms from federal law and replaces them with terms, such as ‘‘Asian American,’’ ‘‘Alaska Natives,’’ and ‘‘Hispanic,’’ that are more appropriate for our times and in keeping with our values. 
the U.S. Code is a simple means of demonstrating respect for our nation’s diversity, and it will have no effect on the underlying federal laws. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. MENG). 
AMENDMENT NO . 37 OFFERED BY MR . PALLONE  
to consider amendment No. 37 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of the bill, add the following 
This Act shall not take effect until the Energy Information Administration has analyzed and published a report on the carbon impacts of the provisions of this Act. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) and a 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, despite original efforts to pass a bipartisan bill to address some of our energy infrastructure needs, H.R. 8 has become an attempt by the Republican Party to create backwardfacing legislation that replaces many good provisions with legislation that would continue to reward polluters and contribute to our climate change issue. 
we heard time and again that climate change is not a priority for Republicans because they are more concerned with the economy and jobs. 
have us believe, a good economy and sound environmental policies are not mutually exclusive. We have actually experienced a boost in the economy under the Clean Air Act. 
real effect on our communities, from more frequent extreme weather events, like Hurricane Sandy, to the extreme drought in California, to the floods experienced in Florida. The emotional and economic tolls of these events have been great and will continue to increase the longer this Congress ignores these pressing issues. 
ignore climate change and disseminate misinformation. We are putting ourselves on a track towards irreparable damage. 
Climate change and energy are inexorably linked. Each are a facet of the other. Energy is the source of 84 percent of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions, and any energy bill has a large impact on the direction of energy investment. 
To that end, it is critical that legislation that is focused on developing U.S. energy policy move the country on the right path by helping to reduce carbon pollution, not to increase it. It is imperative that U.S. energy policy promote clean forms of energy and help make all energy use more efficient. 
potential impact on emissions is to have the energy bill scored before it is enacted, and my amendment would do just that. The energy bill would be submitted to the Energy Information Administration, who would determine the overall short and longterm impacts of the bill on U.S. greenhouse gas emissions: the Climate Pollution Score. The bill should not be enacted until such an analysis is complete. 
higher levels of greenhouse gases will continue to perturb our climate and impact public health. The responsible choice is to ensure that we are not contributing to the problem. 
our responsibility to protect the interests of Americans, which includes protecting Americans from the devastating effects of climate change while we still can. This amendment will allow us to do just that by giving us necessary information to analyze the effects of this legislation. 
vote to protect Americans by voting for this amendment. 
properly stated, would provide that the bill should not take effect until the Energy Information Administration has done a study and prepared a report on the carbon impacts of the provision. 
So, in essence, it would delay implementation of the bill indefinitely. And we believe that that would be a diversion, as the focus of this bill is to modernize our energy infrastructure and ensure access to affordable, reliable energy in a strong economy as fast as we can. 
An economy based on reliable, affordable energy provides the means for the prosperity for future generations and the economic strength to respond and adapt to future challenges. It is particularly true when it comes to risks of climate change, whether natural or maninfluenced. 
The bill promotes technological innovation; the development of resilient, efficient energy infrastructure; and a strong economy to withstand climate events, regardless of the causes. Delaying the measures in this bill denies the public a direct path to a stronger, more resilient energy infrastructure and greater economic growth. 
urge my colleagues to vote against my friend’s amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
would be done by the Energy Information Administration would not indefinitely delay the bill. They have the ability to do the scoring. 
the Energy Department that was created on a bipartisan basis. It is nonpartisan. It collects energy data for the United States. And once the score was attributed, the bill could move forward. 
what the impact is going to be on the environment, on air pollution, and on climate change. 
that this legislation was scored negatively, and that is the reason why I think we need to have a score. It is certainly not going to delay the bill indefinitely, as was suggested by the chairman. I urge a vote in favor of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . NORCROSS  
to consider amendment No. 38 printed in House Report 114–359. 
At the end of title III, add the following 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall transmit to Congress a report on the weaknesses in currently available smart meters’ security architecture and features, including an absence of event logging, as described in the Government Accountability Office testimony entitled ‘‘Critical Infrastructure Protection: Cybersecurity of the Nation’s Electricity Grid Requires Continued Attention’’ on October 21, 2015. 
House Resolution 542, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ) and a 
First of all, I appreciate the chairman and ranking member bringing this bill to us. 
this is about energy security. Well, my amendment is very simple and direct. We are urging and specifically directing that the Secretary of Energy study the potential cybersecurity weakness in smart meters and to report back on this in 1 year. 
smart meter? For the consumer, it is that little box outside your air conditioner or by the panel. It provides savings to the consumer, and to the utility provider, it is about providing that secure, reliable electricity at a competitive price. 
before the world as we know it today. Now we have to think of things very differently and think of them before they happen. 
40 million to 50 million of these meters that are already installed in hospitals, churches, homes, and in industry that could potentially be a target for hackers. That is why we should be concerned. 
The CIA report spoke about that malicious activity against IT systems and power systems overseas. Our society has become so reliant on the very electricity that we are standing under today that those who would do damage to our country might have a vulnerability here. And we need to act before they do. This is why I bring this amendment forward. 
years ago, so I understand the power side of it. I sit on the Emerging Threats Subcommittee. I hear those threats each and every day. We have to make sure that we keep our homes, our businesses, and, most importantly, our military safe. 
We are talking about damaged equipment and potentially massive blackouts, not just like the ones we had in New York almost a decade ago but potentially taking down our entire grid. 
fabric of what we do day in and day out. This amendment very carefully identifies those vulnerabilities. I would urge members to support this. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Michigan is recognized for 5 minutes. 
amendment that is part of this. Both are good. We adopted the Grayson amendment a little while ago. It was a good amendment. 
This amendment directs the Secretary of Energy to study weaknesses in the security architecture of certain smart meters currently available and promulgate regulations to mitigate those weaknesses. 
We want every home to be safe, absolutely. We need to take all those steps, whether it be people’s individual billing, whatever it might be. It is a good amendment. As I told Mr. GRAYSON , it 
I appreciate the gentleman’s amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. NORCROSS. I certainly appreciate the support. This is just one of many items that we have to look forward to before those who want to do us harm. So I appreciate it, and I urge the passing of this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. NORCROSS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. ALLEN ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
WOODALL , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 8) to modernize energy infrastructure, build a 21st century energy and manufacturing workforce, bolster America’s energy security and diplomacy, and promote energy efficiency and government accountability, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
WOODALL ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, although there are apparently those in the media that think it is fun to belittle people who express their great sympathy, thoughts, and prayers for the victims and their families out in San Bernardino, California, right now, those of us who care do extend our thoughts and prayers for those people. 
We don’t know quite yet who the perpetrators were. I think this is important, as we have been talking about Syrian refugees quite a bit the last few weeks, and the President’s intention to bring Syrian refugees into this country. 
provided a list of 12 vetted refugees from areas where we actually had material, where we had information. Unlike the Syrian refugees, the FBI and Homeland Security felt they had plenty of information to vet these individuals, did vet them, thoroughly checked them out, and then brought them into the country. 
list of 12 vetted refugees who quickly joined jihad plots to attack the United States. 
turnedjihadis because he’s trying to prod GOP leaders into halting Congress’ normal practice of giving the President huge leeway to import foreign migrants and refugees into the United States.’’ 
It goes on: ‘‘Obama says the new refugees will be vetted. But top security officials say the Syrians can’t be vetted because the U.S. doesn’t know what they were doing in Syria before they applied for refugee status.’’ 
in the United States are launched by the children of Muslim refugees and 
migrants. That list include the two Chechen brothers who bombed the Boston Marathon, and Anwar alAwlaki who was killed by a U.S. missile strike when he fled to Yemen after the 9/11 atrocity. That means the Americans’ federal government is actively importing nationalsecurity problems that will eventually cost billions of dollars to manage, but cannot be eliminated.’’ 
may be many more from 2015. There are certainly many more from prior years. 
But here are just some of the individuals that this administration completely vetted, made sure they were not a threat to the United States and our people, and, yet, brought them in only to find they were and are terrorists. 
States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, a Federal warrant was unsealed for the arrest of Liban Haji Mohamed—a native of Somalia who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee, adjusted to lawful permanent resident status, and subsequently and applied for and received citizenship. 
the U.S. on July 5, 2012, with the intent to join AlShabaab in East Africa. Mohamed previously lived in the metro D.C. area and worked as a cab driver, and is believed to have snuck across the border to Mexico after being placed on the nofly list. Carl Ghattas, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI’s Washington, D.C. Field Office, emphasized the importance of locating Mohamed: ‘Because he has knowledge of the Washington, D.C., area’s infrastructure such as shopping areas, Metro, airports, and government buildings, this makes him an asset to his terrorist associates who might plot attacks on U.S. soil.’’’ One refugee. 
a native of Somalia came to the United States as a refugee. And this was done under the Bush administration. Abdinassir Mohamud Ibrahim came at the age of 22, in 2007, and then was later adjusted to lawful permanent resident status. 
to 15 years in federal prison for conspiring to provide material support to AlShabaab, a designated foreign terrorist organization. He lied on his application for citizenship, lied on his request for refugee status, and falsely claimed—these are what he was convicted of and charged with—falsely claiming that he was a member of the minority Awer clan in Somalia and subject to persecution by the majority Hawiye clan. However, Ibrahim was actually a member of the clan that was the persecutor and not the persecuted. That was Mr. Abdinassir Mohamud Ibrahim. 
Pazara, a native of Bosnia, came to the United States as a refugee, completely 
resident status, was made a citizen in 2013, 5 years into the President’s administration. 
with five other individuals as a terrorist. He is thought to be dead, but the others listed provided material support to Pazara who allegedly left the United States to go to Syria and fight with ISIS just 11 days after becoming a U.S. citizen. 
Hodzic. A native of Bosnia, he is a purported Bosnian war hero who came to the United States as a refugee. He is charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists and providing material support to terrorists. 
Hodzic, wife of Ramiz Zijad Hodzic, also a native of Bosnia. She came to the U.S. as a refugee. She is charged this year with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists and providing support to terrorists. 
came to the United States as a refugee from Bosnia and subsequently had that adjusted to lawful permanent resident status. He is charged with providing material support to terrorists. He collected money from third parties and wired it and his own funds to terrorists. 
native of Bosnia, who sources indicate came to the United States as a refugee. He applied for and was granted citizenship and has been charged with conspiring to provide material support and actually providing material support to terrorists. 
mixed martial arts fighter. He previously had been charged with endangering the welfare of a child after punching a woman in the face while she held a child. In a separate incident, he was charged with assault after allegedly beating his girlfriend. But, apparently, nothing came of those charges until he was charged with supporting terrorism. 
Bosnia, came to the United States as a refugee, applied for and was granted citizenship, was also charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists and providing that support to terrorists. 
with a cargo company that deals with items coming in and out of Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport, another refugee alleged by this administration to now be a terrorist. 
came as a refugee, applied for and was made a citizen, was charged with conspiring to provide material support and resources to terrorists and providing that support to terrorists by this administration. 
Daud, born in a refugee camp in Kenya. He came to the United States as a refugee when he was a child and was subsequently adjusted to a lawful permanent resident, has been charged with conspiracy to attempt to provide material support to ISIS. He and another individual are alleged to have driven from Minnesota to San Diego to attempt to get passports, cross the border in Mexico, and fly to Syria. 
Omar, born in a Kenyan refugee camp. He came to the United States as a refugee. The United States gave him citizenship. This administration has charged him with conspiracy and attempting to provide material support to ISIS. 
Mohamed Ali Omar, was convicted in March of threatening Federal agents when they came to the residence to interview Guled Omar. 
Minnesota said that Omar ‘‘never stopped plotting’’ and had previously attempted to leave the United States, another one of the refugees turned U.S. citizen, all the while, at least part of the time, a terrorist. 
native of Uzbekistan, Fazliddin Kurbanov, came as a refugee in 2009, was found guilty on charges he conspired and attempted to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization and possessed an unregistered destructive device. 
John Carlin stated that he conspired to provide material support to the Islamic movement of Uzbekistan and procured bombmaking materials in the interest of perpetrating a terrorist attack on American soil. 
began his life as a Muslim, supposedly faced persecution when his family converted to Christianity and came to the United States with his family as a refugee, and, as it turned out, he is Islamic and radicalized. 
So it is interesting. This administration assures us we have nothing to fear, nothing to be concerned about. I am not afraid, but I am concerned about the oath that every one of us take. 
common defense in this country. It is an obligation we have. I think it is the most important obligation we have. We are supposed to protect the Constitution against all enemies, foreign and domestic. 
this past week in one of his articles on National Review Online, it should be important not merely to check to see if we have any information about an individual wanting to come here as a refugee or gaining a visa, however they intend to come, illegally, as millions have, more are every day. 
simply is this person a terrorist right now, but it would also be important to ask: Are you one of the twothirds or so that have been reported to be in the United States or wanting to come into 
the United States as a Muslim who believes that Shari’ah law should replace the Constitution? 
Because, if those reports are accurate, that twothirds of the Muslims here believe Shari’ah should replace the Constitution, and they are immigrants and they become citizens, then it means that they absolutely perjured themselves in their oath. 
their citizenship. And if it can’t be used as such, we need to make sure it is used as such by what we do here in Congress. 
Rhodes and so many others say: Oh, yeah. No. The FBI, Homeland Security, are going to be able to vet everybody really well. 
publicly—regardless of what he said privately, that does not change anything he said publicly. Publicly he has made clear: Yeah. We will vet them. But when you tell us their names, we have nothing to either verify or disprove what they have said. 
any records from Syria. We don’t know if they are even from Syria. We don’t know. We don’t have the information to vet them. 
FBI had more information to vet people coming from Iraq, and we know that they missed a couple of terrorists that were in Kentucky that were allowed in. I think it was 2009. And it turns out they just missed that their fingerprints—at least one of them—was on an IED in Iraq. The guy is a terrorist. 
tries to assuage, the borders are open. We have Syrian refugees that the President is bringing into the United States, even when Governors say: We understand you can’t vet these people, so you are not bringing them into our States. 
I see this afternoon that the Governor of my State, Greg Abbott, has sued the administration because the administration has made clear: We don’t care what you think, we don’t care that you are Governor of your State, and we don’t care about the 10th Amendment. We say we are putting Syrian refugees in Texas, and there is nothing you can do about that. 
of the kind of things that King George and his bureaucrats used to say before the Revolution. When King George decided he would put his British soldiers anywhere he wanted to and there was nothing the people here could do about it, he would put them in their houses. He didn’t care what it did to their property values. He didn’t care anything about that. We don’t need a revolution. We just need to have Congress hold the President accountable for his administration’s lawlessness. 
secure our borders. He is putting American lives at risk every day. He is putting American lives further at risk since we know now we routinely have people that are completely vetted by the FBI, Homeland Security, and it turns out they are terrorists. The Tsarnaev brothers, even after Russia warned the CIA and the FBI that this guy, this older brother, has been radicalized, the FBI talked to him. He said: I am not radicalized. It is not his exact words. You talk to his mother, she said: No, he is a good boy. And then he went and killed people at the Boston Marathon with his brother. 
are alerted that they are terrorists, how in the world does this President and this administration think they are going to keep the American people safe? 
LoBianco with CNN, said: ‘‘President Barack Obama’s former top military intelligence official said Tuesday that the White House ignored reports prefacing the rise of ISIS in 2011 and 2012 because they did not fit their reelection ‘narrative.’ 
‘‘‘I think they did not meet a narrative the White House needed. And I’ll be very candid with you, they just didn’t,’ retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, the former head of the Defense Intelligence Agency . . . ‘I think the narrative was that al Qaeda was on the run, and Osama bin Laden was dead . . . they’re dead and these guys are, we’ve beaten them,’ Flynn said, but the problem was that despite how many terrorist leaders they killed they ‘continue to just multiply.’ 
‘‘Obama has been criticized by opponents for referring to ISIS as the ‘JV squad’ and apparently underestimating the group’s threat.’’ 
President has underestimated ISIS as a threat, clearly underestimated them, and there is no clear strategy to deal with them, what makes us think that this administration is going to do a better job of vetting potential terrorists coming into this country and underestimating them the way they have so many other refugees that have been brought into the country? 
Another article from Jim Hoft, December 2, 2015, quoting the President: ‘‘Yes. He really said this. 
it’s flooding in high tide on a sunny day, the fish are swimming through the middle of the streets.’’’ 
same thing, the same quote. But The Wall Street Journal reported: ‘‘We go down to Miami with some frequency and have never seen any such thing. And believe us, we know how to troll.’’ 
streets of Miami that nobody else seems to see, but he can’t seem to notice how wide open our border is, what a threat to our security it is, and what a threat refugees are who we cannot determine who they are, where they 
came from, what they did, if they kill people, if they are terrorists. He didn’t see any of that. 
actually, from Adam Kredo from freebeacon.com: ‘‘More than 179,000 illegal immigrants convicted of committing crimes, including violent ones, continue to roam free across the United States, with reports indicating that these illegal immigrants commit new crimes ‘every day,’ according to lawmakers and the director of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency, also known as ICE. 
‘‘Sarah Saldana, ICE’s director, disclosed to Congress on Wednesday that the agency is apprehending and removing fewer illegal immigrants than in past years. 
‘‘Somewhere around 179,029 ‘undocumented criminals with final orders of removal’ from the United States currently remain at large across the country and are essentially untraceable, according to Sen. Chuck Grassley, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, who disclosed these numbers during a Wednesday hearing. 
immigrants in the United States is in the millions. 
known to be committing new crimes ‘every day,’ according to Sen. Jeff Sessions, another member of the committee. 
‘‘Focus on the threat of criminal illegal aliens comes amid a wider national debate on immigration to the United States and the threat posed by potential terrorists and other criminals. 
‘‘The Washington Free Beacon disclosed in August that the Obama administration had been keeping secret the release of violent criminal illegal immigrants and only began notifying local law enforcement agencies about this within the last several months. 
policy of hiding information about this issue, as ‘several administration officials informed the committee they were unable to testify because the hearing wasn’t ‘‘in response to a particular crisis,’’’ Grassley said. 
that somewhere between 30,000 and 40,000 illegal immigrants previously convicted of crimes have been released from custody in recent years due to legal restrictions on how long the agency can detain an individual.’’ 
said: ‘‘‘Whether it’s a result of protracted appeals or refusal of a country to accept its nationals back, this decision accounts for somewhere between 30,000 and 40,000 convicted criminal alien releases in recent years’ . . . noting that the number has dropped over time. 
the Obama administration is dragging its feet when it comes to taking action to deport criminal illegal immigrants. While President Obama has vowed that this would be a priority for his administration, these criminals continue to be released into the United States. 
‘‘‘Many criminals remain in our communities,’ Grassley said. ‘When will enough be enough? Even those with violent criminal histories aren’t being removed as promised . . . American citizens are paying the price while law enforcement officers are instructed to look the other way.’ 
‘‘There have been ‘thousands of victims’ of crimes committed by illegal immigrants and ‘many of the agency’s own officers are unable to do the job they signed up to do,’ Grassley said. 
‘‘The Obama administration is removing fewer total illegal immigrants from the United States than it was just a few years ago, according to Senator Sessions. 
but the number of removals of criminal aliens from the interior of the United States, the socalled priority, has decreased significantly,’ he said. ‘The reason for this decrease is not because there are fewer criminal aliens in the U.S. today than just a few years ago, there are hundreds of thousands of known criminal aliens in the United 
day by criminal aliens, so while we’re not seeing a decrease in crimes committed across this country, we are seeing a decrease in removals of criminal aliens,’ Sessions said. 
financial resources, Sessions said, as Congress has increased funding. Still, deportations have plummeted and the administration is ‘doing substantially less with substantially more.’ 
‘‘‘Our goal should be to keep 100 percent of all criminal aliens out of the United States ....  There’s nothing 
‘‘Saldana confirmed that ‘overall apprehensions on the border are declining’ and the agency’s ‘removal numbers are lower than they have been in recent years.’ 
administration is removing ‘at a greater proportion’ dangerous criminals. 
‘‘Of the 235,000 deportations, 59 percent of them were convicted criminals, according to Saldana . . . Yet she said, ‘there are also times when despite our best efforts’ criminal illegal immigrants ‘get released from our custody.’’’ 
‘‘The State of Texas is suing the federal government and the International Rescue Committee, after the New Yorkbased aid agency announced plans to resettle Syrian refugees in Dallas later this week over the strong and repeated objections of Gov. Greg Abbott. 
‘‘The State Health and Human Services Commission, filed on Wednesday the suit in U.S. District Court, saying those groups worked to resettle ‘refugees in Texas without consulting with 
‘‘The agency, citing ‘reasonable concerns about the safety and security of the citizenry of the State of Texas’ is seeking a temporary retraining order. 
with the International Rescue Committee to find a solution that ensures the safety and security for all Texans, but we have reached an impasse and will now let the courts decide.’’’ 
from Tanya Somanader, President Obama on the shooting in San Bernardino. Here is the transcript of the President’s comments. This is in an interview with CBS that President Obama spoke about the ongoing situation in California—going on right now—and the unacceptable pattern of mass shootings the U.S. is facing. 
Mr. Speaker, let me just parenthetically insert before reading his quote, we don’t know who these shooters are yet. We don’t know. We don’t know their reason for doing what they did. I mean, some on the left have already tried to report that it was right by a Planned Parenthood facility when that was a mile away, trying to do whatever they can to try to avert responsibility—any responsibility—that the administration has. We have seen Kathryn’s Law come about because Kathryn was shot in California in a sanctuary city that protected people who were illegally in this country and criminals like the one that shot Kathryn. And this administration protects sanctuary cities and lets them continue to just ignore Federal law. The lawlessness of this administration seems to know no bounds. If lawlessness breeds lawlessness, then the lawlessness of this administration has put this country in severe jeopardy. 
part of his quote from this evening, about the shooting in California. And I am quoting the President. 
about terrorism, some may be aware of the fact that we have a nofly list where people can’t get on planes, but those same people who we don’t allow to fly could go into a store right now in the United States and buy a firearm, and there’s nothing that we can do to stop them. That’s a law that needs to be changed.’’ 
been in office, has tried to subvert the Second Amendment to our United States Constitution and our Bill of Rights. He has tried every which way he can, whether using Social Security laws or all kinds of ways, to take away Americans’ Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. 
has been knowingly allowing criminals into this country illegally and allowing refugees to come into this country that were terrorists and even finding out, 
getting word that there were people who have become terrorists and not taking action to stop the death that followed, how dare anyone allow people to come into the United States illegally, knowing that there are some criminals coming in with people that are coming in illegally, knowing that there are criminals in the United States that this administration has allowed to be released after they have committed crimes. 
today where he says, you American citizens are going to have to give up your Second Amendment rights to keep and bear arms because I have allowed so many people who are terrorists in here and we don’t want terrorists to get guns. That is an outrage. It should not be allowed to stand against any kind of legitimate reasoning. 
country that are a threat to the country and then, because all these people are here and they might get a gun, you are going to keep lawabiding people from getting guns. That is wrong, and it has to be stopped. 
stand up and stop the lawlessness and say, we are not letting you bring more refugees into this country that will have some terrorists within their group, as you have already done, and then tell us we have to give up our constitutional rights because you brought terrorists into the country that may want to go buy a gun. Shame on you. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
PELOSI ) for today on account of a medical appointment. 
to an enrolled bill and joint resolutions of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1170. An act to amend title 39, United 
States Code, to extend the authority of the United States Postal Service to issue a semipostal to raise funds for breast cancer research, and for other purposes. 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection 
Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 20 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 3, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3595. A letter from the Associate Administrator, Specialty Crops Program, Promotion and Economics Division, Agricultural Marketing Service, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s termination 
3596. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Stanley E. Clarke III, Air National Guard of the United States, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
3603. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Burma that was declared in Executive Order 13047 of May 20, 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; The Boeing Company Airplanes [Docket No.: FAA20154205; Directorate Identifier 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Limited Helicopters [Docket No.: FAA20154345; 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
House Resolution 546. Resolution providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 22) to authorize funds for Federalaid highways, highway safety programs, and transit programs, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–360). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Health Service Act to clarify liability protections regarding emergency use of automated external defibrillators; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to establish a pilot program to test the impact of early intervention on the prevention, management, and course of eating disorders; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
ROYCE , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. S ALMON ): 
H.R. 4154. A bill to direct the President to 
H.R. 4155. A bill to require the Center for 
Medicare and Medicaid Innovation to test the effect of including telehealth services in Medicare health care delivery reform models; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CA ´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. 
ELLISON , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. C LARKE of 
New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. 
H.R. 4156. A bill to ensure equal access for 
HUBZone designations to all taxpaying small business owners; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 4157. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide tax incentives to meet the needs of the American manufacturing workforce, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4158. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to reinstate the abilityto benefit eligibility; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 4159. A bill to limit the fees charged 
by the National Archives and Records Administration to veterans for military service records, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 4160. A bill to amend the Rural Electrification Act of 1936 to increase regional telecommunications development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. JONES (for himself, Mr. GRIFFITH, Mr. M ASSIE , and Ms. G ABBARD ): 
Servicemembers Civil Relief Act to require the consent of parties to contracts for the use of arbitration to resolve controversies arising under the contracts and subject to provisions of such Act and to preserve the rights of servicemembers to bring class actions under such Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
development and deployment of clean energy technologies required for the 21st century; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4163. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to make premium and costsharing subsidies available to lowincome Medicare part D beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico or another territory of the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
RIBBLE , Ms. F OXX, and Mr. A MODEI ): 
agencies from using or purchasing certain firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Mr. ADERHOLT , Mr. C ULBERSON , 
GIBBS, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. S ALMON , 
H. Res. 545. A resolution calling for an end 
to the abuse of the Standing Rules of the Senate and to improve the debate and consideration of legislative matters; to the Committee on Rules. 
TAKANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. L ANGEVIN ): 
for designation of December 3, 2015, as the ‘‘National Day of 3D Printing’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4152. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4153. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 4154. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4155. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 3 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 4156. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 4157. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United 
States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
H.R. 4158. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4159. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4160. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or office thereof. 
H.R. 4161. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, the reported bill is authorized by Congress’ power to ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces.’’ 
H.R. 4162. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States (clauses 1, 2, and 18), which grants Congress the power to provide for the general welfare of the United States; to borrow money on the credit of the United States; and to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers. 
H.R. 4163. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of the Congress to provide for the general welfare of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution; to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution such power, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution; and to make rules and regulations respecting the territories of the United States, as enumerated in Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 4164. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 358: Mr. K INDand Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 731: Mr. G OWDY . H.R. 814: Mr. P ALAZZO . 
H.R. 1076: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. T HOMPSON  
of California, Mr. B ERA, and Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 1192: Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania, and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 1197: Mr. D OLDand Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. F LEMING . 
H.R. 2043: Mr. R EED, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
H.R. 2264: Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
H.R. 2403: Mr. F ORBES and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2680: Mr. C OHEN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
TONKO , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
ENGEL , Mr. D EUTCH , and Mr. G ALLEGO . 
H.R. 2715: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Ms. C LARK  
H.R. 2880: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. Y ARMUTH , 
H.R. 2902: Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , 
Mr. S ABLAN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. C A´RDENAS and Mr. V ALADAO . 
H.R. 3068: Mr. N ORCROSS and Mr. F ATTAH . 
H.R. 3229: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
H.R. 3411: Ms. E STYand Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 3766: Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
H.R. 3784: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 3799: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. H UDSON, and Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia. 
H.R. 3815: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C RAWFORD , and Mr. B OST. 
H.R. 3932: Mr. C RAMER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
H.R. 3940: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. Y ODER , and Mr. R OSKAM . 
H.R. 4012: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 4018: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. J OLLY , and Ms. 
H.R. 4032: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. W ILSON of 
H.R. 4058: Mr. B ISHOP of Utah and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 4075: Mr. F LORES . 
H.R. 4087: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H.R. 4088: Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. S IRES, and 
H.R. 4122: Mr. V ELA, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. 
H.R. 4126: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
POSEY , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. B ABIN, Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
H.R. 4135: Ms. J ACKSON LEEand Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 4144: Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. C OHEN , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H. Con. Res. 97: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. 
BARR, Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. C OLE, Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. P EARCE , 
Mr. A LLEN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. G ARRETT , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
H. Res. 265: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
H. Res. 467: Mr. H ONDA and Ms. E DWARDS . 
H. Res. 469: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia 
H. Res. 544: Mr. B ARTON , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C OLE, Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. B ROOKS  
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8247 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 2, 2015 No. 174 