Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I object 
to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
from Texas (S AMJOHNSON ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
to draw the American people’s attention to NASA Astronaut Scott Kelly as he prepares to make history tomorrow when he embarks on a yearlong mission to the International Space Station. 
Johnson Space Center in Houston, Texas, I have had the pleasure of meeting Mr. Kelly several times to discuss his historic mission. This will mark the first time that an American has spent an entire year continuously in space. 
On the eve of this important moment, I would like to thank Mr. Kelly for his heroic commitment, leadership, and dedication to advancing America’s human spaceflight program. 
International Space Station provides a tremendous boost to our human spaceflight program, while furthering our understanding of the effects that longer term exposure to weightlessness has on the body. This understanding will pave the way for crewed missions to Mars. 
On behalf of a proud American public, Scott, we wish you all the best, and thank you. 
flight. In my district alone, we have seen the sound barrier broken for the first time and the ultimate airspeed record set, and many other flights from the F–80 through our beloved F–22. We have also seen my district build all of the space shuttles, all of the B–1s, all of the B–2s, and most of the fighters that fly over our friendly skies. 
history in flight, and Aerospace Week culminates that production and that test. Our State and my district have continued to put America in the lead over the skies, and we will continue to do so in the future. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
a great opportunity before us today to not only provide certainty for healthcare providers and seniors by repealing the flawed SGR for Medicare, but also to fund rural schools and rural forested counties. So I commend my colleagues for their work on this with me. 
worth of funding for the Secure Rural Schools program. Now, this is like one of those cans of FixAFlat, if you will. It is an emergency repair on the side of the road to solve a shortterm problem, when what we really need is a permanent fix for our forested counties. But this is an emergency, and what we are doing here today is providing that lifeline to our schoolchildren in the classrooms in our rural counties that are forested under Federal land and making sure that our local law enforcement 
folks have the resources they need and, in my own State of Oregon, protecting some counties from actually going bankrupt because of lack of management and lack of activity on our Federal lands. 
So I remain fully committed to working on forestry legislation that puts people back to work in the woods, reduces the threat of wildfire, and produces the revenue to allow for selfsustaining counties and the people in them. I just hope this time with a new Senate we will be able to move forward. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
rise to comment on the budget that was passed yesterday out of this House by the Republicans. 
the birthplace of our Vice President. Our Vice President is often heard to say that people talk about family values all the time, family values this, family values that. He says: Look, don’t talk to me about your values. Show me your budget, and I will tell 
This Republican budget was something that I could not support because it will have the effect of cutting over 1 million jobs over the next year. Even worse than that, it will turn Medicare into, effectively, a voucher program. If you are on Medicare and you need treatment and they give you a voucher, you had better hope that that voucher covers the services you need; otherwise, you are out of luck. 
jobs and employment in this country and taking care of our seniors, that Republican budget was not the one to vote for. 
OF H.R. 2, MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 27, 2015, THROUGH APRIL 10, 2015 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 173 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in the report of the Committee 
period from March 27, 2015, through April 10, 2015— 
House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. 
purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman 
pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, House 
Resolution 173 provides for consideration of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, under a closed rule, reflecting the careful, intricate, bipartisan negotiations which brought this legislation to the floor. 
The rule provides for 1 hour of debate, equally divided among the chairs and ranking members of the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
minority to offer a motion to recommit on the bill. 
Finally, the rule provides for the customary district work period authority. 
that many of us have worked on for our entire congressional careers. This bill reflects years of bipartisan 
work, work across committees, and even work across the Capitol with the other body. We brought together Members of all ideological groups, as well as diverse outside groups. We coalesced around a policy that will help patients, help doctors, help providers to get out from under the constant threat of payment cuts under the Medicare sustainable growth rate formula. 
Everyone agrees that Medicare’s sustainable growth formula has got to go. Today, we are considering a bill to realistically accomplish that goal. 
of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 in an attempt to restrain Federal spending in Medicare part B. We now know that that is not working. 
The SGR consists of expenditure targets which apply a growth rate designed to bring spending in line. 
Since 2002, the SGR formula has resulted in a reduction in physician reimbursement rates. However, even though Congress has consistently passed legislation to override the formula, these patches have resulted in hundreds of billions of spent funds that could have gone to improving the Medicare system. 
continue, physicians would face a 21 percent reduction in reimbursement rates on April 1. The sustainable growth rate’s unrealistic assumptions of spending inefficiency have plagued the healthcare profession and our Medicare beneficiaries for over 13 years. 
The bill before us repeals the sustainable growth rate formula, avoiding potentially devastating acrosstheboard cuts slated to go into effect next week. We do so at a cost lower than what Congress has already spent or is likely to spend over the next 10 years. The Congressional Budget Office has found that enacting H.R. 2 will cost less than if we patched this formula over the next 10 years. 
years of payment transition. It allows improved beneficiary access and allows medicine to concentrate on moving to broad adoption of quality reporting and, most importantly, allows Congress to move past the distraction of the SGR formula and to begin identifying Medicare reforms that can further benefit our citizens. This will also allow providers the time to develop and test quality measures and clinical practice improvement activities, which will be used for performance assessment during phase II. 
During the stability period, physicians will receive annual increases of one half of 1 percent. It seems small, but it is above what has been provided over the past several years. 
The quality measures are implemented in what is called the Merit Based Incentive Payment System. That will be evidencebased and developed through a transparent process that values input from provider groups. Quality reporting will measure providers against their peers rather than a onesizefitsall generic standard. Providers will also selfdetermine their measures. 
programs into this incentive payment system, easing administrative burdens and furthering the congressionally established goals of quality, resource use, and meaningful use. 
ensures continued access to highquality care while providing physicians with certainty and security in their reimbursements. They will be aware of the benchmark they are competing against and, unlike current law, all penalties assessed on those not meeting the benchmark will go to those who do, keeping the dollars in the Medicare system. 
by professional organizations in conjunction with existing programs and will incorporate ongoing feedback to physicians, further ensuring that optimal care is provided to the patient. 
through registries and performance data. Physicians will be encouraged to participate in the process through data reporting. For eligible professionals who choose to opt out of the feefor service program, alternative payment models will be available. 
may include a patientcentered medical home, whether they are in primary or specialty care, bundled care, or episodes of care. Qualifying practices that move a significant amount of their patients into these alternative payment models could see a 5 percent quality bonus. By encouraging alternative payment models and care coordination, this legislation will foster and facilitate innovation. 
taking these important steps toward ensuring quality care, the bill specifically states that these quality measures are not creating a Federal right of action or a legal standard of care. 
this bill is about access: access for our seniors, access for those who utilize the Nation’s 9,000 community health centers, and, very importantly, the over 8 million children who receive their care at some point during the year through the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
The bill also addresses health programs that have become known as ‘‘extenders.’’ Most are extended for 2 years under the bill. By resolving the SGR, Congress will have the ability to commit itself to working through these policies in the future. 
The bill also puts into place important structural reforms to Medicare that are the first steps toward starting the Medicare program on a really long term trajectory towards fiscal stability. 
and streamline the administrative burden; increase predictability and provider’s interactions with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services; build transparency into systems; encourage innovation of delivery of services; and keep providers in the driver’s seat. 
America’s providers agree: ‘‘The American Osteopathic Association views this bipartisan legislation as a clear and definitive approach toward comprehensive reforms in our health care system for children, seniors, and our Nation’s physicians.’’ 
Here is one from the American Academy of Family Physicians: 
‘‘This legislation is the result of bipartisan negotiations that have produced legislative responses to some of our Nation’s most pressing health care issues.’’ 
truly bipartisan major health care legislation in years. Please do not let this opportunity pass you by—approve H.R. 2 as swiftly as possible.’’ 
close to 800 organizations spanning the political spectrum who have come together to endorse this bill. From primary care, to specialists, to surgeons, to organized nursing, our Nation’s hospitals, and everyone in between, they have supported this policy. 
For that reason, I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the rule and ‘‘yes’’ on the underlying bills. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
to thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) for the customary 30 
minutes. I also want to thank him for his work on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, for far too long, Congress has shirked its responsibility when it came to permanently fixing the sustainable growth rate formula. Since its inception, our Nation’s doctors and hospitals were held hostage to a misguided funding formula that was included as part of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997. 
Act back then when I was a new Member of Congress. It was plain to me that the Medicare cuts and proposed financing included in that bill were simply impossible to sustain. I am glad that 18 years later Congress is finally doing the right thing and repealing the sustainable growth rate formula and replacing it with a payment system based on value. 
misguided formula that has wreaked havoc throughout our healthcare system. Year after year after year, Congress, whether controlled by Democrats or Republicans, was forced to 
temporarily patch this formula. And year after year after year, Congress did the bare minimum, providing a temporary fix without actually addressing the real problem and permanently repealing the formula. 
right thing. That alone is worth supporting. But this bill does more than just repeal the sustainable growth rate formula. Instead, it provides a clearly defined schedule of payment adjustments that will give physicians and healthcare providers the stability they need while ensuring quality and value in the services patients require. 
In addition, H.R. 2 also provides critical funding through September 2017 for our Nation’s community health centers, funding that was initially provided under the Affordable Care Act, and it also provides support for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. 
hospitals in my district about why this bill is good for them and good for their patients. UMass Memorial Medical Center, in my hometown of Worcester, is one of the Nation’s most distinguished academic healthcare systems and is the safety net hospital for all of central Massachusetts. The folks there are pleased to see the delay in additional cuts to safety net hospitals and the delay in the implementation of the twomidnight rule. 
around here is ever perfect—but this is the result of long and careful bipartisan negotiation. Even though there are many very positive aspects of this bill, there are some provisions that are more problematic, and I would be remiss if I didn’t at least mention some of them. 
Hyde amendment and its application to the funding for the community health centers. It is important to clarify that this language is not a permanent extension or codification of the Hyde amendment. It only applies to the funding for community health centers and expires when that funding expires. It does not affect nonFederal funds. In fact, it is the same language that has been included in annual appropriations bills for nearly three decades. 
Let me be clear: I do not support the 
Hyde amendment. However, the language in this bill mirrors both President Obama’s executive order and the language included in the annual appropriations bills. 
for 4 years rather than 2. But in this environment, I think that having a 2 year extension is a good thing, is an accomplishment, is a step in the right direction. 
Mr. Speaker, this is an important accomplishment, and I want to thank both Speaker BOEHNER and Leader 
compromise, a deal that will finally enable this House to move away from annual docfix patches and toward providing stability and certainty for Medicare physicians and patients. 
to reach this agreement. For a Congress that I might say accurately has been called ‘‘broken,’’ ‘‘hopeless,’’ ‘‘helpless’’—a Congress plagued by gridlock and extreme partisanship— this bill represents what I hope will be a renewed commitment by my friends in the majority to work across the aisle with Democrats to address some of our country’s most pressing issues. It is, and has always been, the way Congress passes important, substantive, and even historic legislation. 
together. Just look at what this House has done over the past few weeks. We responsibly kept the Department of Homeland Security open, and now we are on the verge of passing an incredibly vital bipartisan bill to repeal the sustainable growth rate, fund community health centers, and reauthorize CHIP. 
contagious. I hope this is not the exception but becomes the rule. Every Member represents the same number of constituents, and every voice in this House needs and deserves to be heard. 
and so many others—we are doing something that we can feel good about, something more than a campaign slogan, something that is more than red meat for the political base. 
This is something that will help seniors, kids, and lowincome families. It deserves our support. 
Before I reserve my time, Mr. Speaker, I include for the RECORD the Statement of Administration Policy, which begins with the following: 
passage of H.R. 2 because it would reform the flawed Medicare physician payment system to incentivize quality and value’’ and ‘‘would make reforms that could help slow health care cost growth, and would extend other important programs such as health care coverage for children.’’ 
The Administration supports House passage of H.R. 2 because it would reform the flawed Medicare physician payment system to incentivize quality and value (a proposal called for in the President’s Fiscal Year 2016 Budget), would make reforms that could help slow health care cost growth, and would extend other important programs such as health care coverage for children. 
Medicare payments to physicians are determined under a formula, commonly referred to as the ‘‘sustainable growth rate’’ (SGR). This formula has called for reductions in physician payment rates since 2002, which the Congress has overridden 17 times. Under the SGR, physician payment rates would be reduced by about 21 percent on April 1, 2015. A cut of this magnitude could 
beneficiaries throughout the country. H.R. 2 would replace this system with one that offers predictability and accelerates participation in alternative payment models that encourage quality and efficiency. The proposal would advance the Administration’s goal of moving the Nation’s health care delivery system toward one that achieves better care, smarter spending, and healthier people through the expansion of new health care payment models, which could contribute to slowing longterm health care cost growth. 
The Administration also supports the legislation’s inclusion of a continuation of policies and funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP). The President’s Budget includes a fouryear extension of this program, which has provided meaningful health coverage to over eight million children; extending CHIP would ensure continued, comprehensive, affordable coverage for these children. H.R. 2 also includes other important proposals in the President’s Budget, such as an extension of the Home Visiting Program and additional funding for the Community Health Center (CHC) Fund, although the legislation includes restrictions on the use of the CHC Fund which would be unnecessary given Executive Order 13535. The Administration supports the legislation’s provision to make permanent the Qualifying Individual program, which pays the Medicare Part B premiums for certain lowincome Medicare beneficiaries. 
what is needed to hold Medicare payments to physicians fixed at their current level. The savings would come from sensible reforms, which are expected to cover a larger share of the bill’s costs over the long run. These include costsaving changes to Medicare provider payments as well as increases in the incomerelated premium for certain highincome Medicare beneficiaries, who represent about five percent of those covered by Medicare. A similar proposal was included in the President’s Budget to help improve the financial stability of the Medicare program by 
reducing the Federal subsidy of Medicare costs for those who need the subsidy the least. The bill also would, starting in 2020, prohibit Medicare Supplemental Insurance (Medigap) policies from covering the Part B deductible (currently $147) for new beneficiaries. This would encourage more efficient health care choices, lowering Medicare costs and Medigap premiums. 
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. FLEMING ). 
2. As a family physician who has been in private practice since 1982, I have seen a lot of things happen with Medicare, and this idea of sustainable growth rate, SGR, which came up in 1997—a Republican idea—is not only flawed, it is idiotic. 
throughout the country the entire volume of services provided, something that is absolutely impossible to do. It actually has had the opposite effect that was desired, and it has actually increased the amount of activity because of the loss of the valuable economic foundations that are necessary to make this system work. 
number one, actually show what the cost of this is. We have been hiding it, 
like a shell game, for years with temporary patches that last, oh, maybe a year and sometimes less. 
Not only will this pay for itself in the 
second decade, but it actually begins to lower that cost even in the first decade, and it does so by using several mechanisms but with two important reforms that my colleagues need to know about. 
which gives patients skin in the game. It makes patients, once again, a part of the decision team so that they, by having some element of price sensitivity, can work with the doctors to decide what is necessary and what is not, what is affordable and what is not; also, it asks higherincome seniors to do their share. 
system is a highly subsidized system for everybody, including for Warren Buffett, a $40 billion billionaire who gets his health care subsidized. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. BERA). 
Mr. BERA. I want to thank my colleague from Massachusetts for yielding me this time. 
cared for hundreds of seniors on Medicare, this is an important step forward because, for over a decade, we have had this flawed formula that has put the security of seniors’ health care access at risk. 
I want to applaud Dr. BURGESS , and I 
Caucus. You will hear from a lot of doctors here in Congress that this is a step forward because, when we took our oath to practice medicine, we took an oath to put our patients first. 
This is a good bill that puts our patients first: our seniors, folks who have worked their whole lives and who now, in retirement, need that security of being able to see their doctors. This bill repeals a flawed formula that has been patched 17 times over the years, and it replaces it with a better formula, a formula that moves us away from this feeforservice model and that moves us toward practicing higher quality care and putting our patients first. 
It is not a perfect bill. Like many, I 
am disappointed to see the Hyde amendment included in this bill. I have always stood against the Hyde amendment and against other attempts to restrict a woman’s right to make her own reproductive health decisions. 
rider that expires every year; and we, along with many women across this country, look forward to the day when it will end. I came to Congress to put people first. I came to Congress to work across the aisle in a bipartisan way and to put our country first, and this is a great attempt. 
Again, I applaud the doctors in Congress. I applaud the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee, the 
members of the Ways and Means Committee, the Speaker, and the leader of the Democratic Party here in the House for working together to put people first. 
This is a good bill as 7.4 million patients will still have access to care at community health centers, 8 million lowincome children and pregnant women will still have access to care through the CHIP program, 49 million patients are enrolled in Medicare, and another 10,000 baby boomers enroll every day. This is a good thing. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
to honor the promises that we have made to our constituents and to the people of America. We have got to honor the promises that we have made to our patients and doctors. This is a good bill. 
I look forward to voting for and passing this bill today and to continuing to move America forward. 
minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ). 
Chairman. Thank you for all of your good work on this piece of legislation. 
payment rate was enacted in 1997, Congress has kicked the can down the road and has passed 17 different patches to avoid devastating cuts to Medicare. These patches have cost the taxpayers almost $170 billion, more money than it will cost to permanently fix this problem right now. 
actually fix a major problem and pass meaningful legislation that will help keep Medicare solvent and ensure that seniors are able to get the medical care they deserve. 
As a doctor who has taken care of patients in northern Michigan for over 30 years, I know how terrible it would be if we failed to act today and how seniors would bear the brunt of that failure. Today’s legislation may not be perfect; it is a bipartisan compromise that will ensure that Medicare continues to provide necessary health care for my constituents in northern Michigan. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. AGUILAR ). 
Mr. Speaker, this bipartisan compromise that we will address this afternoon over SGR will strengthen Medicare by lowering costs and by ensuring that seniors have the doctors of their choice. While this agreement has important provisions, including critical 
families, and children, it does fall short in a few ways. 
As a member of the ProChoice Caucus, I am disappointed that this deal both ignores the need for women to have access to their healthcare providers and that it includes an antichoice provision. Today’s bill falls short of measures to increase women’s access to necessary health measures, such as annual exams or prescription medications. 
bill is the inclusion of the Hyde amendment, as the gentleman from Massachusetts mentioned. This is clearly another attack to block access to reproductive care. The inclusion of this language is disappointing because it permits antichoice language in an otherwise pragmatic, bipartisan compromise in exchange for community health center funding. 
I plan to support this bipartisan compromise because it solves longstanding problems and is a step in the right direction. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas has 18
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Massachusetts has 21 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMIWALTERS ). 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act, which is a bill to repeal and replace the sustainable growth rate. 
This bill presents an historic opportunity for Congress to end the doc fix and comprehensively reform the Medicare physician payment system once and for all. SGR has been broken for over a decade, and Congress has passed a temporary patch for this law 17 times. The price of putting off a permanent fix has cost the taxpayers almost $170 billion and has masked the insolvency of Medicare. 
According to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office, Mr. BURGESS ’ 
legislation to repeal SGR would save $900 million over the next decade, compared to freezing payment rates for physician services. 
the flawed SGR formula, it is finally time to permanently repeal and replace the system once and for all. I urge my colleagues in the House and in the Senate to pass this bill and finally fix the doc fix. 
Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I include the following statements for the RECORD in support of H.R. 2: the statement by the Massachusetts Hospital Association, a statement by the Massachusetts Medical Society, a list of a number of groups in support of H.R. 2, statements by the American Hospital Association, SEIU, and others. They are all in support of this bill. MASSACHUSETTS HOSPITAL ASSOCIATION  
gives its full support to H.R. 2, the U.S. House bipartisan package to permanently repeal the Medicare physician Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR). 
have been 17 shortterm SGR fixes over the past few years, nearly all of which included significant reimbursement cuts to hospitals and other providers for nothing more than a couplemonth band aid. This bill draws these short term patches to an end. We are relieved that Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) funding, community health center funding, and a continued delay to enforcement of the twomidnight rule are included. 
We support the bill not only for what it 
does, but also for what it does not do; it rejects cuts to graduate medical education, Medicare bad debt, site neutral cuts to hospital outpatient departments and inpatient rehabilitation facilities, and it does not include unsound and inequitable area wage index and rural floor policies. 
of the offsets to help pay for the package, but we are realistic and especially so because we realize that if this deal falls through and Congress must consider another oneyear SGR delay, then these cuts to providers will still be in play to pay for a meaningless, additional oneyear delay. We strongly prefer a permanent SGR fix and therefore give our full support to this bill. 
Most importantly, we thank our congressional delegation for their efforts on behalf of hospitals. Given the political environment that has been a barrier to collaboration on major legislation, this bill represents an exceptional accomplishment that benefits hospitals, physicians, other providers, and most notably, the long term health of the Medicare program. 
writing you as President of the Massachusetts Medical Society to urge you to vote in support of HR 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. Your support for this legislation will be critical to its success and our members’ ability to continue to treat Medicare and Tricare patients who need and deserve quality health care. Moreover this bill will continue funding for the CHIP program at increased levels for two years and provide necessary funds for our Community Health Centers, a vital component of our health care system. 
ongoing support for SGR reforms in the past. As you are well aware, Congress has passed 17 temporary measures which ultimately have cost the government more money than a permanent solution. We believe the time has finally come to pass permanent Medicare physician payment reform. 
The importance of the SGR reforms extends well beyond the 26,000 members of the Massachusetts Medical Society. It will impact the nearly 71,597 military families who receive their health insurance through Tricare, the 74,525 people employed by physicians and the over 1,104,483 Medicare beneficiaries who live in the Commonwealth. This bill will also impact every hospital in the state that employs physicians, every medical device manufacturer who sells products to physicians’ offices and the myriad of organizations that rely on Medicare dollars. 
This bill is about ensuring seniors and military families’ access to care. It is about sustaining physician practices. Of equal importance, this legislation will significantly foster and reward changes in the health care delivery system that we all hope to achieve. 
We also strongly support provisions reauthorizing the CHIP program. The MMS has been a strong supporter of this program since its inception. This legislation provides an opportunity for Congress to address the health care needs of children and lowincome Americans by extending funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program and providing critical support for Community Health Centers. We believe a straightforward 2 year reauthorization of the CHIP program at the 23% increased rates set by the ACA would be critically important to the patients served by this program. Should the program not be reauthorized at these levels it is estimated that Massachusetts could lose millions of dollars—funds that this state desperately needs. 
would never be easy. But we are truly at that point where we believe the leadership has developed a SGR strategy that is achievable. 
Society I want to thank you for your ongoing support for Medicare payment reform and urge you to continue your support by voting for HR 2 when it comes to the House floor. 
MEDICARE ACCESS AND CHIP R EAUTHORIZA TION ACT OF 2015 
USA, Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP), National Coalition on Health Care (coalition of over 80 groups), Healthcare Leadership Council, March of Dimes, JDRF (Juvenile Diabetes), Georgetown Center for Children and Families, National Association of Community Health Centers, Third Way, Bipartisan Policy Center, American Medical Association, American College of Physicians, American College of Surgeons, American College of Cardiology, American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Academy of Pediatrics, American Osteopathic Association, American Academy of Family Physicians. 
Immunology, American Association of Medical Colleges, Digestive Health Physicians Association, American College of Radiology, Council of Academic Family Medicine, American Society of Cataract and Refractive Surgery, American Hospital Association, Federation of American Hospitals, America’s Essential Hospitals, Children’s Hospital Association, Catholic Health Association of the United States, American Health Care Association, National Center for Assisted Living. 
Association of Colleges of Nursing, American Association of Nurse Practitioners, American Association of Nurse Anesthetists, American College of NurseMidwives, Gerontological Advance Practice Nurses Association, National Association of Clinical Nurse Specialists, National Association of Nurse Practitioners in Women’s Health, Medical Group Management Association, Premier healthcare alliance, VHA Inc., LUGPA (Large Urology Group Practice Association), National Association of Psychiatric Health Systems, National Retail Federation. 
the nearly 5,000 members of the American Hospital Association, I am writing to express our support for H.R. 2, bipartisan legislation to repeal the flawed Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula for physician payments under the Medicare program. We believe Congress should move forward and address this issue on a permanent basis. 
would be looked to as an offset given that Medicare already pays less than the cost of delivering services to beneficiaries, the package strikes a careful balance in the way it funds the SGR repeal and embraces a number of structural reforms to the Medicare program. Equally important, the legislation rejects a number of flawed policy options, including reductions to outpatient hospital services (socalled ‘‘siteneutral’’ cuts), Medicare bad debt payments, graduate medical education, critical access hospitals and certain services provided in rehabilitative hospitals. Moreover, the bill rejects a further delay in the ICD–10 program, and prevents a potential 0.55 percent coding offset previously proposed by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. The legislation also eliminates cuts to the Medicaid Disproportionate Share Hospital program in fiscal year 2017. Finally, the bill includes a needed extension of a number of expiring provision (socalled extenders), including the Medicare Dependent Hospital program, the rural low volume adjustment, the rural ambulance addon, the partial enforcement delay on Medicare’s ‘‘twomidnight’’ policy, and the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
Democratic leadership in their design of this package, and urge the House to pass it. 
DEAR REPRESENTATIVE , The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) expresses its support for H.R. 2, legislation that would permanently replace the Sustainable Growth Rate (SGR) formula used to determine Medicare payments to doctors. We appreciate the bipartisan negotiations that led to this compromise, and, at this point in the process, urge House members to vote yes to move the process forward. 
Tens of millions of Americans, and approximately one million of SEIU members, have jobs that depend on a strong health care economy, and many work in environments that face considerable strains as a result of the uncertainty created by the SGR. For example, due to shortterm SGR patches, hospitals face the threat of problematic payment changes every several months, creating an unpredictable landscape that adversely affects the ability of hospitals to provide care as well as their ability to support the health care workforce. Longterm, the pressure that the SGR creates will continue to grow because the cost of replacing the policy, in both patches and in its entirety, only increases radically over time. H.R. 2 permanently replaces the SGR formula, offsetting $70 billion in costs, preventing significantly higher and potentially more harmful cuts to Medicare and other health care programs now and in the future. 
the costs of SGR patches and replacement place on the health care system, this legislation extends, and in some case makes permanent, programs that are essential to low and moderateincome families. H.R. 2 extends 
full funding under current law for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) for an additional two years. CHIP funding is set to expire in September 2015. Millions of families, including those of our members, depend on CHIP to provide health care coverage for their children. Though we support extending CHIP funding under current law for four years, extending CHIP funding under current law for two years does provide predictability that states need to appropriately administer the program and prevents problematic changes in eligibility and coverage that would limit access to care or increase costs for the CHIP population. In addition, this legislation provides an additional funding for Community Health Centers, a critically important source of health care for millions of families. Finally, the legislation makes permanent the Qualifying Individual (QI) program, which covers the cost of Medicare Part B premiums for lowincome people with Medicare, and the Transitional Medicaid Assistance (TMA) program, which supports families losing coverage. These important programs that protect lowincome populations are set to expire and, without passage of this legislation, face an uncertain future, as historically they have been extended only on a temporary basis. 
Like any compromise, this package has serious flaws. As previously stated, House Republican leaders should have agreed to fund CHIP under current law for an additional four years and should not have required changes to Medicare benefits in order to reach an agreement. While some of the changes to Medicare are mitigated because they only apply to consumers with truly higher incomes, we have concerns about the precedents set by these changes and changes to Medigap coverage policies. In addition, we continue to oppose any language that expands policies that deny millions of women the right to access the full range of reproductive health care services. Lastly, in order to avoid policy changes that put additional financial burdens on beneficiaries and providers—who have already faced significant SGRrelated cuts—other stakeholders should have been required to contribute more in terms of offsets. However, despite these concerns, when considering the potential impact of this package versus the adverse consequences that nonresolution of both the SGR and CHIP funding may have on all health programs and the populations they serve, we believe that this is an acceptable solution that House members should support. 
For these reasons, we urge you to vote yes 
on this compromise legislation. If you have any questions, please call Ilene Stein, SEIU Assistant Legislative Director. 
SCHWARTZ , SENIOR FELLOW DR. ZEKEEMANUEL, ANDVICEPRESIDENT FOR HEALTH POLICYTOPHER SPIRO 
the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act, or MACRA. This bipartisan legislation represents a significant achievement because it reforms Medicare’s payment system and maintains critical funding for health care for millions of lowincome children, families, and seniors. While we urge Congress to offer amendments that would improve the bill, enactment of this legislation would be far better than resorting to another short term fix that could put these programs in jeopardy. The addition of the Hyde language restricting abortions is unnecessary and frankly offensive, but we believe the deal is 
programs now, they will face tremendous uncertainty and risk and could be held hostage in partisan legislation later in the year. MACRA addresses this serious risk by including the following: 
The bill extends the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, for two years. Without this extension, about 2 million children would become uninsured, while millions more would lose their current coverage and face higher costs. Importantly, this is a ‘‘clean’’ extension that maintains policies and funding included in the Affordable Care Act—and that does not include detrimental policies or cuts proposed by the Republican leadership in Congress. This clean extension would be a significant feat given the political realities of this Congress and should not be discounted. Even so, we strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to extend CHIP for at least four years. 
health centers included in the Affordable Care Act. Without this funding, 7.4 million lowincome patients—including 4.3 million women—would lose access to health care. While not a change to current policy, the bill applies the Hyde Amendment, which restricts funding for abortions, to this funding. CAP opposes the Hyde Amendment, which harms lowincome women, and ultimately wants this temporary restriction to expire for good. The application of the Hyde Amendment is, at best, unnecessary and, at worst, an indication that Republican leadership in Congress will attempt to use every bill to restrict access to abortion, which is unacceptable. In this case, the offensive language does not change policy and—similar to the Hyde Amendment that has always applied to funding for community health centers—is temporary and expires along with the funding to which it applies. Even so, we strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to remove this language. 
Early Childhood Home Visiting program for two years. This funding supports evidence based programs that have been proven to reduce health care costs, improve school readiness, and increase family selfsufficiency and economic security. We strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to extend this program for at least four years. 
By permanently correcting Medicare payments to physicians, MACRA at long last provides muchneeded certainty and stability to the Medicare program. Importantly, the bill provides financial incentives to reinforce the country’s path toward a health care system that rewards value and quality of care. 
We recognize that any bipartisan compromise that could be enacted by Congress would need to pay for at least a portion of the additional spending that would result— and that the payfors would need to include a roughly equal mixture of cuts to providers and cuts to beneficiaries. We also recognize that the alternative—a neverending series of shortterm patches that are fully paid for—would likely result in deeper and more painful cuts to the Medicare program over time. 
Medicare premiums by $82.50 per month for couples with incomes from $267,000 to $428,000 and singles with incomes from $133,500 to $214,000. Because this premium increase is targeted to the top 2 percent of beneficiaries, it is the least objectionable beneficiary cut 
package. The bill does not otherwise increase premiums across the board by $58 billion, as some have asserted, compared to premium levels under current policy. 
more concern. Currently, about 12 percent of beneficiaries purchase Medigap supplemental policies to cover their outofpocket costs. The bill prohibits these policies from covering the deductible for physician services, which is $147 in 2015. The effect of this change is limited because it goes into effect in 2020 and applies only to new beneficiaries. In addition, because Medigap policies would no longer cover the deductible, premiums for these policies would go down. For most affected beneficiaries, the savings from lower Medigap premiums would actually exceed the costs from deductibles. However, it is possible that hundreds of thousands of beneficiaries with incomes below 300 percent of the federal poverty line would face net costs of less than $100 per year. We strongly urge Congress to amend MACRA to protect low income beneficiaries from this change—either by exempting primary care from their deductibles or by expanding costsharing subsidies for this targeted group. 
strengthened, as we have recommended above, this compromise legislation takes an important step in Medicare payment reform and ensures continued funding that improves the health and welfare of millions of children, families, and seniors. We urge Congress to enact it. 
Center (BPC) issued the following statement by BPC President Jason Grumet; Senior Vice President Bill Hoagland; and Health Policy Director Katherine Hayes regarding the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015: 
H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act introduced this week by chairmen and ranking members of the House Energy & Commerce and Ways & Means Committees. This bill would permanently replace Medicare’s sustainable growth rate (SGR) physician payment system, extend funding for the State Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), and implement structural reforms in Medicare to improve care delivery and slow rising costs. 
this legislation strikes a careful balance that will draw both praise and criticism. By reconciling these competing views, the proposed legislation offers a set of politically viable solutions that deserve broad bipartisan support. 
new incentives to improve quality and value in Medicare—would end the senseless perennial series of temporary patches to prevent payment cuts to physicians; it would also enable Congress to move forward on a broader set of reforms. 
with no programmatic changes, would provide nearterm certainty to states and low income families who rely upon this essential program. 
‘‘A balanced package of policy ‘offsets’—including cuts from providers and 2% of high income seniors—would pay for a significant portion of the legislation. Additional savings from improved Medicare payment incentives may accrue over the long term. 
‘‘A provision to make permanent the Medicare Qualifying Individual program would provide extra help to lower income seniors in 
‘‘We urge U.S. Senators and House members to act now to extend and improve these critical programs for our nation’s seniors, children, and health care providers.’’ 
said, it is not a perfect bill, but it represents, I think, a major accomplishment. 
no additional speakers at this time. I am prepared to close after the gentleman closes. 
balance of my time, and I will take this opportunity to close my side of the debate, Mr. Speaker. 
Mr. Speaker, let me begin by thanking all of those who have been involved in this compromise, especially Speaker BOEHNER and Leader P ELOSI . I want to 
thank Mr. B URGESS . I want to thank all 
of the members of the Energy and Commerce Committee. I am grateful to the staffs of all of the relevant committees for all of the work that they have put into this. 
incredible work of the staff who works in the Office of Legislative Counsel. They don’t always get thanked, but they do so much of the work around here, not only on important and complicated legislation like what we are debating here today, but on all legislation, so we are grateful to them. 
here except that I am happy we are doing something, and I am happy that we are actually putting forward a bill, a bipartisan bill, that will help a lot of the people who most need help. 
bill is about access, making sure our senior citizens have the access to the doctors and to the health care that they want. We are making that possible through this bill, as well as helping countless children and lowincome families and supporting our community health centers. 
week. It is hard to believe. First, we read that TEDCRUZ signs up for 
ObamaCare, and now, we have this bipartisan compromise on the doc fix, and it reauthorizes CHIP and provides money to our community health centers. 
Who knows. I mean, if this is contagious, maybe next week, we will deal with climate change, so I am feeling good as we close this week. Again, I hope this is a coming attraction of what we can see in the future: more bipartisan cooperation, more give and take. 
If we follow what we did here, we actually can accomplish a lot more for the American people, and I think that would be a good thing. 
Let’s get this done. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself the balance of my time. Today’s rule provides for the consideration of legislation addressing the pernicious sustainable growth rate formula, the most threatening issue in Medicare, risking patient access to care for our seniors. 
As I close, I would like to note that 
each committee’s work is represented in H.R. 2. The base policy of H.R. 2 has the backing of the House and Senate negotiators and of all three committees of jurisdiction. 
I certainly want to thank the Speaker and the minority leader and their staffs for building off of the policy work accomplished by the committees to present a political pathway forward for this bipartisan bill. 
Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means, as well as of the Senate Finance Committee, for coming together for our Nation’s doctors and seniors. 
I must note Chairman UPTON , Chairman P ITTS, Chairman R YAN, Chairman 
I would also like to thank all of the 
staffs who have worked on this issue— who have labored on this issue—for years. I know I will miss some people, but I do want to mention a few at the committee level who have dedicated themselves to getting us here today. 
roles, but their work from the beginning deserves recognition. Certainly I want to thank Clay Alspach, Robert Horne, Ryan Long, Dr. John O’Shea, Dr. Steve Ferrara, Amy Hall, Eddie Garcia, Tiffany Guarascio, Arielle Woronoff, Brett Baker, Brian Sutter, Matt Hoffmann, Erin Richardson, and J. P. Paluskiewicz on my staff. 
I also want to thank the unsung heroes at the House Legislative Counsel, namely, Jessica Shapiro, Ed Grossman, and Jesse Cross. 
point in this process was further than we had ever come before, and that involved a lot of work, a lot of negotiation, and a lot of overwhelming desire to see the process through to the end. 
can go to the White House, all of this will be worth it. I certainly do look forward to passage and hope that, given the positive signs evidenced over the past several days, the other Chamber will quickly embrace this package and ultimately get this badly needed policy into law. 
in support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. This bill funds Community Health Centers for two years at $7.2 billion dollars. These community health centers serve many of the newly insured people in my district. Thanks to the Affordable 
thanks to community health centers, they have health care. 
keeps over 8 million lowincome children and pregnant women in families from losing their health insurance. 
Medicare Sustainable Growth Rate. The SGR was an illconceived plan to control the growth in health care costs by slashing doctor pay. We were in danger of doctors dropping Medicare patients, putting seniors’ access to critical medical care at risk. The yearly shortterm fixes have cost us more over the years than it would have to get rid of it, so I am pleased we are finally doing the right thing today in a way that moves us toward quality health care for Americans. 
to clarify a provision in H.R. 2 and how it differs from S. 178—the Senate Justice for Victims of Trafficking Act of 2015 (JVTA). 
As you know, the Senate is having a debate 
about a provision to make the Hyde Amendment part of permanent law and to apply it to nontaxpayer funds. As cochair of the Pro Choice Caucus, I want to make this clear: the Senate bill creates a new Domestic Trafficking Victims’ Fund that would be funded—not by taxpayer dollars—but through fines imposed on defendants convicted of human trafficking, sexual exploitation and human smuggling crimes. The Hyde Amendment only applies to taxpayer dollars. Hyde Amendment restrictions have never been applied on a federal fund containing zero taxpayer dollars. This new fund is not federal dollars and therefore not eligible for Hyde. The prochoice senators who are fighting against this expansion have my full support. 
back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 402, nays 12, answered ‘‘present’’ 5, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted 
Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) 
Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita 
Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano 
Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman 
Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
O’ROURKE, HANNA, and SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
present for rollcall vote No. 143. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
vote No. 143, I voted ‘‘no’’ and I intended to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
House Resolution 173, I call up the bill (H.R. 2) to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to repeal the Medicare sustainable growth rate and strengthen Medicare access by improving physician payments and making other improvements, to reauthorize the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE 
of Texas). Pursuant to House Resolution 173, the amendment printed in House Report 114–50 is considered adopted. The bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
the ‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015’’. 
rate (SGR) and improving Medicare payment for physicians’ services. 
on use of express lane option under Medicaid and CHIP. 
States for State participation in medicaid data match program. 
GROWTH RATE (SGR) AND IMPROVING MEDICARE PAYMENT FOR PHYSICIANS’ SERVICES. 
AND END ING WITH 2014 ’’ after ‘‘ YEARS BEGINNING WITH  
ending with 2014’’ after ‘‘a year beginning with 2001’’; and 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w– 4) is amended— 
beginning with 2026, applicable conversion factor)’’ after ‘‘single conversion factor’’; and 
2017, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall submit to Congress a report on the relationship between— 
utilization and expenditures (and the rate of increase of such utilization and expenditures) of items and services for which payment is made under section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4); and 
the rate of increase of such utilization and expenditures) under parts A, B, and D of title XVIII of such Act. 
describe such relationship and the impact of changes in such physician and other health professional practice and service ordering patterns on total utilization and expenditures under parts A, B, and D of such title. 
2019, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission shall submit to Congress a report on— 
services applied under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act for the period of years 2015 through 2019; 
(ii) the effect of such update on the efficiency, economy, and quality of care provided under such program; 
(iii) the effect of such update on ensuring a 
sufficient number of providers to maintain access to care by Medicare beneficiaries; and 
(iv) recommendations for any future payment updates for professional services under such program to ensure adequate access to care is maintained for Medicare beneficiaries. 
subsequent payment year’’ and inserting ‘‘each of 2015 through 2018’’; 
(III) by striking ‘‘, but in no case shall the 
(ii) by adding at the end the following new 
subsequent year’’ and inserting ‘‘each of 2015 through 2018’’; and 
OF MIPS AND FOR CERTAIN PROFESSIONALS VOL UNTEERING TO REPORT .—The Secretary shall, 
(II) by adding at the end the following new 
OF MIPS AND FOR CERTAIN PROFESSIONALS VOL UNTEERING TO REPORT .—The Secretary shall, 
apply the payment modifier established under this subsection for items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2015, with respect to specific physicians and groups of physicians the Secretary determines appropriate, and for services furnished on or after January 1, 2017, with respect to all physicians and groups of physicians. Such payment modifier shall not be applied for items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019.’’. 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
MIPS shall apply to payments for items and services furnished on or after January 1, 2019. 
‘‘(II) for the third year for which the MIPS 
‘‘(III) for the performance period with respect to such year, does not exceed the low 
‘‘(iii) P ARTIAL QUALIFYING APM PARTICI PANT .—For purposes of this subparagraph, 
of such paragraph to 50 percent was instead a reference to 40 percent; and 
of such paragraph to 50 percent and 25 percent of such paragraph were instead references to 40 percent and 20 percent, respectively; and 
of such paragraph to 75 percent was instead a reference to 50 percent; and 
of such paragraph to 75 percent and 25 percent of such paragraph were instead references to 50 percent and 20 percent, respectively. 
lowvolume threshold to apply for purposes of clause (ii)(III), which may include one or more or a combination of the following: 
by the Secretary) of individuals enrolled under this part who are treated by the eligible professional for the performance period involved. 
by the Secretary) of items and services furnished to individuals enrolled under this part by such professional for such performance period. 
‘‘(III) The minimum amount (as determined by the Secretary) of allowed charges billed by such professional under this part for such performance period. 
of a professional who first becomes a Medicare enrolled eligible professional during the performance period for a year (and had not previously submitted claims under this title such as a person, an entity, or a part of a physician group or under a different billing number or tax identifier), such professional shall not be treated under this subsection as a MIPS eligible professional until the subsequent year and performance period for such subsequent year. 
that the provision is duplicative with a provision of this subsection. 
quality measures, resource use measures, and other measures used under the MIPS; and 
‘‘(II) assess and implement appropriate adjustments to payment adjustments, composite performance scores, scores for performance categories, or scores for measures or activities under the MIPS. 
access, such as same day appointments for urgent needs and after hours access to clinician advice. 
‘‘(II) The subcategory of population management, such as monitoring health conditions of individuals to provide timely health care interventions or participation in a qualified clinical data registry. 
‘‘(III) The subcategory of care coordination, such as timely communication of test results, timely exchange of clinical information to patients and other providers, and use of remote monitoring or telehealth. 
‘‘(IV) The subcategory of beneficiary engagement, such as the establishment of care plans for individuals with complex care needs, beneficiary selfmanagement assessment and training, and using shared decisionmaking mechanisms. 
practice assessment, such as through use of clinical or surgical checklists and practice assessments related to maintaining certification. 
use measures for hospital outpatient departments, except in the case of items and services furnished by emergency physicians, radiologists, and anesthesiologists. 
‘‘(iv) APPLICATION OF MEASURES AND ACTIVI TIES TO NON PATIENT FACING PROFES SIONALS .—In carrying out this paragraph, 
‘‘(II) may, to the extent feasible and appropriate, take into account such circumstances and apply under this subsection with respect to MIPS eligible professionals of such professional types or subcategories, alternative measures or activities that fulfill the goals of the applicable performance category. 
Secretary shall consult with professionals of such professional types or subcategories. 
PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT ACTIVITIES PERFORM ANCE CATEGORY .—In applying subparagraph 
‘‘(III) CLINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC TIVITIES DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘clinical practice improvement activity’ means an activity that relevant eligible professional organizations and other relevant stakeholders identify as improving clinical practice or care delivery and that the Secretary determines, when effectively executed, is likely to result in improved outcomes. 
prior to the first day of the first performance period under the MIPS, establish and publish in the Federal Register a final list of quality measures; and 
‘‘(II) not later than November 1 of the year 
prior to the first day of each subsequent performance period, update the final list of quality measures from the previous year (and publish such updated final list in the Federal Register), by— ‘‘(aa) removing from such list, as appropriate, quality measures, which may include the removal of measures that are no longer meaningful (such as measures that are topped out); 
measures on such list that have undergone substantive changes should be included in the updated list. 
DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘eligible professional organization’ means a professional organization as defined by nationally recognized specialty boards of certification or equivalent certification boards. 
list that is not endorsed by a consensus based entity shall have a focus that is evidencebased. 
‘‘(viii) CONSULTATION WITH RELEVANT ELIGI BLE PROFESSIONAL ORGANIZATIONS AND OTHER  
professional organizations and other relevant stakeholders, including State and national medical societies, shall be consulted in carrying out this subparagraph. 
under section 1890A is not required to apply to the selection of measures under this subparagraph. 
shall establish a performance period (or periods) for a year (beginning with 2019). Such performance period (or periods) shall begin and end prior to the beginning of such year and be as close as possible to such year. In this subsection, such performance period (or periods) for a year shall be referred to as the performance period for the year. 
USE OF CERTIFIED EHR TECHNOLOGY FOR RE PORTING QUALITY MEASURES .— 
REGISTRIES FOR REPORTING QUALITY MEAS URES .—Under the methodology established 
other performance categories, may take into account the improvement of the professional. 
‘‘(bb) FIRST 2 YEARS .—For the first and second years for which the MIPS applies to payments, the percentage applicable under item (aa) shall be increased in a manner such that the total percentage points of the increase under this item for the respective year equals the total number of percentage points by which the percentage applied under subclause (II)(bb) for the respective year is less 
‘‘(bb) FIRST 2 YEARS .—For the first year for 
‘‘(III) CLINICAL PRACTICE IMPROVEMENT AC TIVITIES .—Fifteen percent of such score shall 
‘‘(ii) ELECTION OF PRACTICES TO BE A VIR TUAL GROUP .—The Secretary shall, in accordance with the requirements under clause (iii), establish and have in place a process to allow an individual MIPS eligible professional or a group practice consisting of not more than 10 MIPS eligible professionals to elect, with respect to a performance period for a year to be a virtual group under this subparagraph with at least one other such individual MIPS eligible professional or group practice. Such a virtual group may be based on appropriate classifications of providers, such as by geographic areas or by provider specialties defined by nationally recognized specialty boards of certification or equivalent certification boards. 
clause, with respect to a performance period, shall be made before the beginning of such performance period and may not be changed during such performance period; 
‘‘(II) provide that an individual MIPS eligible professional and a group practice described in clause (ii) may elect to be in no more than one virtual group for a performance period and that, in the case of such a group practice that elects to be in such virtual group for such performance period, such election applies to all MIPS eligible professionals in such group practice; 
‘‘(IV) provide for formal written agreements among MIPS eligible professionals electing to be a virtual group under this subparagraph; and 
factors specified under this subparagraph for a year result in differential payments under this paragraph reflecting that— 
with clause (iii), with such professionals having higher composite performance scores receiving higher adjustment factors; and 
‘‘(II) MIPS eligible professionals with composite performance scores for such year below such performance threshold for such year receive negative payment adjustment factors for such year in accordance with clause (iv), with such professionals having lower composite performance scores receiving lower adjustment factors; 
‘‘(II) MIPS eligible professionals with composite performance scores that are equal to or greater than 0, but not greater than 
purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘applicable percent’ means— 
additional positive MIPS adjustment factor for such professional and year. Such additional MIPS adjustment factors shall be in the form of a percent and determined by the Secretary in a manner such that professionals having higher composite performance scores above the additional performance threshold receive higher additional MIPS adjustment factors. 
may the scaling factor applied under this clause exceed 3.0. 
the Secretary shall ensure that the estimated amount described in subclause (II) for a year is equal to the estimated amount described in subclause (III) for such year. 
‘‘(II) In the case that, with respect to a 
an easily understandable format, make available on the Physician Compare Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services the following: 
each such MIPS eligible professional and the performance of each such MIPS eligible professional with respect to each performance category; and 
available under this paragraph shall indicate, where appropriate, that publicized information may not be representative of the eligible professional’s entire patient population, the variety of services furnished by the eligible professional, or the health conditions of individuals treated. 
PRACTICES AND PRACTICES IN HEALTH PROFES SIONAL SHORTAGE AREAS .— 
‘‘(II) may make available confidential feedback to such professionals on the performance of such professionals with respect to the performance categories under clauses (iii) and (iv) of such paragraph. 
made available under this subparagraph shall be exempt from disclosure under section 552 of title 5, United States Code. 
the Secretary shall make available to MIPS eligible professionals information, with respect to individuals who are patients of such MIPS eligible professionals, about items and services for which payment is made under this title that are furnished to such individuals by other suppliers and providers of services, which may include information described in clause (ii). Such information may be made available under the previous sentence to such MIPS eligible professionals by 
mechanisms determined appropriate by the Secretary, which may include use of a web based portal. Such information may be made available in accordance with the same or similar terms as data are made available to accountable care organizations participating in the shared savings program under section 1899. 
services (as determined appropriate by the Secretary) for which payment is made under this title and that are furnished to individuals, who are patients of a MIPS eligible professional, by another supplier or provider of services during the most recent period for which data are available (such as the most recent threemonth period), such as the name of such providers furnishing such items and services to such patients during such period, the types of such items and services so furnished, and the dates such items and services were so furnished. 
other measures of the distribution if appropriate, of the total, and components of, allowed charges (and other figures as determined appropriate by the Secretary). 
(iv) provide recommendations for optimizing the use of such technical assistance funds. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, 
(II) makes recommendations on how to reduce the administrative burden involved in applying such quality measures. 
individuals entitled to, or enrolled for, benefits under such part A, or enrolled under such part B and individuals under the age of 65; and 
the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report examining whether entities that pool financial risk for physician practices, such as independent risk managers, can play a role in supporting physician practices, particularly small physician practices, in assuming financial risk for the treatment of patients. Such report shall examine barriers that small physician practices currently face in assuming financial risk for treating patients, the types of risk management entities that could assist physician practices in participating in twosided risk payment models, and how such entities could assist with risk management and with quality improvement activities. Such report shall also include an analysis of any existing legal barriers to such arrangements. 
purposes of implementing the provisions of and the amendments made by this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for the transfer of $80,000,000 from the Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund established under section 1841 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t) to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Program Management Account for each of the fiscal years 2015 through 2019. Amounts transferred under this paragraph shall be available until expended. 
occurring in 2016 and subsequent years, the Secretary may establish’’ after ‘‘shall establish’’. 
of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395ee) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
an ad hoc committee to be known as the ‘PhysicianFocused Payment Model Technical Advisory Committee’ (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Committee’). 
the Committee shall include individuals with national recognition for their expertise in physicianfocused payment models and related delivery of care. No more than 5 members of the Committee shall be providers of services or suppliers, or representatives of providers of services or suppliers. 
‘‘(iii) PROHIBITION ON FEDERAL EMPLOY MENT .—A member of the Committee shall 
General shall establish a system for public disclosure by members of the Committee of financial and other potential conflicts of interest relating to such members. Members of the Committee shall be treated as employees of Congress for purposes of applying title I of the Ethics in Government Act of 1978 (Public Law 95–521). 
initial appointments of members of the Committee shall be made by not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection. 
Committee shall be for 3 years except that the Comptroller General shall designate 
to fill a vacancy occurring before the expiration of the term for which the member’s predecessor was appointed shall be appointed only for the remainder of that term. A member may serve after the expiration of that member’s term until a successor has taken office. A vacancy in the Committee shall be filled in the manner in which the original appointment was made. 
as needed, to provide comments and recommendations to the Secretary, as described 
clause (ii), a member of the Committee shall serve without compensation. 
Committee shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates authorized for an employee of an agency under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from the home or regular place of business of the member in the performance of the duties of the Committee. 
for Planning and Evaluation shall provide technical and operational support for the Committee, which may be by use of a contractor. The Office of the Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services shall provide to the Committee actuarial assistance as needed. 
‘‘(ii) FUNDING .—The Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, such amounts as are necessary to carry out this paragraph (not to exceed $5,000,000) for fiscal year 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. Any amounts transferred under the preceding sentence for a fiscal year shall remain available until expended. 
‘‘(iii) UPDATING .—The Secretary may update the criteria established under this subparagraph through rulemaking. 
this subsection shall be construed to impact the development or testing of models under this title or titles XI, XIX, or XXI.’’. 
Section 1833 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395l) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
professional services furnished by an eligible professional during a year that is in the period beginning with 2019 and ending with 2024 and for which the professional is a qualifying APM participant with respect to such year, in addition to the amount of payment that would otherwise be made for such covered professional services under this part for such year, there also shall be paid to such professional an amount equal to 5 percent of the estimated aggregate payment amounts for such covered professional services under this part for the preceding year. For purposes of the previous sentence, the payment amount for the preceding year may be an estimation for the full preceding year based on a period of such preceding year that is less than the full year. The Secretary shall establish policies to implement this subparagraph in cases in which payment for covered professional services furnished by a qualifying APM participant in an alternative payment model— 
‘‘(ii) is made on a basis other than a fee 
forservice basis (such as payment on a capitated basis). 
this subsection shall be made in a lump sum, on an annual basis, as soon as practicable. 
Payments under this subsection shall not be taken into account for purposes of determining actual expenditures under an alternative payment model and for purposes of determining or rebasing any benchmarks used under the alternative payment model. 
purposes of this subsection, the term ‘qualifying APM participant’ means the following: 
2020, an eligible professional for whom the Secretary determines that at least 25 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for 
which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment entity. 
2022, an eligible professional described in either of the following clauses: 
Secretary determines that at least 50 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment entity. 
with respect to items and services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year), that at least 50 percent of the sum of— 
payer (other than payments made by the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Veterans Affairs and other than payments made under title XIX in a State in which no medical home or alternative payment model is available under the State program under that title), 
least 25 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment entity; and 
‘‘(II) the requirement described in this subclause, with respect to payments described in item (bb) of such clause, is that such payments are made under arrangements in which— 
‘‘(bb) certified EHR technology is used; and ‘‘(cc) the eligible professional participates 
risk if actual aggregate expenditures exceeds expected aggregate expenditures; or 
2023 and each subsequent year, an eligible professional described in either of the following clauses: 
Secretary determines that at least 75 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment entity. 
with respect to items and services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year), that at least 75 percent of the sum of— 
least 25 percent of payments under this part for covered professional services furnished by such professional during the most recent period for which data are available (which may be less than a year) were attributable to such services furnished under this part through an eligible alternative payment entity; and 
‘‘(II) the requirement described in this subclause, with respect to payments described in item (bb) of such clause, is that such payments are made under arrangements in which— 
‘‘(bb) certified EHR technology is used; and ‘‘(cc) the eligible professional participates 
risk if actual aggregate expenditures exceeds expected aggregate expenditures; or 
‘‘(iii) A demonstration under section 1866C. ‘‘(iv) A demonstration required by Federal 
entity’ means, with respect to a year, an entity that— 
losses under such alternative payment model that are in excess of a nominal amount; or 
small physician practices which may involve twosided risk and prospective patient assignment, and which examine riskadjusted decreases in mortality rates, hospital readmissions rates, and other relevant and appropriate clinical measures. 
‘‘other public sector or private sector payers’’ and inserting ‘‘other public sector payers, private sector payers, or statewide payment models’’. 
July 1, 2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a study that examines the feasibility of integrating alternative payment models in the Medicare Advantage payment system. The study shall include the feasibility of including a valuebased modifier and whether such modifier should be budget neutral. 
Human Services, in consultation with the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, shall conduct a study that— 
payment models that are vulnerable to fraudulent activity; and 
to such laws granted in support of such alternative payment models, including under any potential expansion of such models. 
PRACTITIONER , ANDOTHER STAKEHOLDER COMMUNITIES TOIMPROVE RESOURCE USEMEASUREMENT .— 
under parts A and B (with such target increasing over time as appropriate); and 
time items and services are furnished during an episode of care, such as the clinical conditions or diagnoses, whether or not inpatient hospitalization occurs, and the principal procedures or services furnished; and 
time of a medical visit, such as the patient’s combination of chronic conditions, current health status, and recent significant history (such as hospitalization and major surgery during a previous period, such as 3 months); and 
by the Secretary, such as eligibility status under this title (including eligibility under 
attribution of patients and episodes (in whole or in part) to one or more physicians or applicable practitioners furnishing items and services, the Secretary shall undertake the steps described in the succeeding provisions of this paragraph. 
shall develop patient relationship categories and codes that define and distinguish the relationship and responsibility of a physician or applicable practitioner with a patient at the time of furnishing an item or service. Such patient relationship categories shall include different relationships of the physician or applicable practitioner to the patient (and the codes may reflect combinations of such categories), such as a physician or applicable practitioner who— 
responsibility for the general and ongoing care for the patient over extended periods of time; 
‘‘(ii) considers themself to be the lead physician or practitioner and who furnishes items and services and coordinates care furnished by other physicians or practitioners for the patient during an acute episode; 
patient on a continuing basis during an acute episode of care, but in a supportive 
patient on an occasional basis, usually at the request of another physician or practitioner; or 
ordering physician or applicable practitioner (if different from the billing physician or applicable practitioner). 
resources used to treat patients (with respect to care episode and patient condition groups), the Secretary shall, as the Secretary determines appropriate— 
(with respect to care episodes and patient condition groups of such patients). 
patients by patient condition codes during a common period, such as 12 months; and 
‘‘(II) in the case of episodes with a hospitalization, during periods of time (such as the number of days) before, during, and after the hospitalization. 
charges for all services under part A and this part (and, if the Secretary determines appropriate, part D) for the analysis of patient resource use, by care episode codes and by patient condition codes; and ‘‘(ii) may, as determined appropriate, use 
other measures of allowed charges (such as subtotals for categories of items and services) and measures of utilization of items and services (such as frequency of specific items and services and the ratio of specific items and services among attributed patients or episodes). 
shall seek comments from the physician specialty societies, applicable practitioner organizations, and other stakeholders, including representatives of individuals entitled to benefits under part A or enrolled under this part, regarding the resource use methodology established pursuant to this paragraph. In seeking comments the Secretary shall use one or more mechanisms (other than notice and comment rulemaking) that may include open door forums, town hall meetings, webbased forums, or other appropriate mechanisms. 
the Secretary contracts with an entity to carry out any part of the provisions of this subsection, the Secretary may not contract with an entity or an entity with a subcontract if the entity or subcontracting entity currently makes recommendations to the Secretary on relative values for services under the fee schedule for physicians’ services under this section. 
44, United States Code, shall not apply to this section. 
payers and integrated delivery systems could be incorporated under title XVIII; 
‘‘(ii) describe how coordination, to the extent possible, will occur across organizations developing such measures; and 
practices and clinical practice guidelines should be used in the development of quality measures. 
this subsection, the term ‘quality domains’ means at least the following domains: 
draft plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall consider— 
plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall give priority to the following types of measures: 
‘‘(ii) Patient experience measures. ‘‘(iii) Care coordination measures. ‘‘(iv) Measures of appropriate use of services, including measures of over use. 
Not later than May 1, 2016, taking into account the comments received under this subparagraph, the Secretary shall finalize the plan and post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services an operational plan for the development of quality measures for use under the applicable provisions. Such plan shall be updated as appropriate. 
‘‘(ii) CONSIDERATION .—In selecting measures for development under this subsection, the Secretary shall consider— 
‘‘(II) clinical practice guidelines to the extent that such guidelines exist. 
2017, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall post on the Internet website of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services a report on the progress made in developing quality measures for application under the 
‘‘(ii) With respect to the measures developed during the previous year— 
quality measures developed and the types of such measures, such as an outcome or patient experience measure; 
‘‘(II) the name of each measure developed; ‘‘(III) the name of the developer and steward of each measure; 
an estimate of the total amount expended under this title to develop all measures of such type; and 
‘‘(iii) With respect to measures in development at the time of the report— 
‘‘(II) a timeline for completion of the development of such measures. 
out this subsection, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, of $15,000,000 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2019. Amounts transferred under this paragraph shall remain available through the end of fiscal year 2022. 
44, United States Code, shall not apply to the collection of information for the development of quality measures.’’. 
carrying out this paragraph, with respect to chronic care management services, the Secretary shall— 
provider for such services furnished to an individual during a period; 
visit (as defined in section 1861(hhh)) or an initial preventive physical examination (as defined in section 1861(ww)) be furnished as a condition of payment for such management services.’’. 
Policy of the Department of Health and Human Services and the Office of Minority Health of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; and 
underserved rural populations and racial and ethnic minority populations. 
The information made available under this section shall be similar to the type of information in the Medicare Provider Utilization and Payment Data: Physician and Other Supplier Public Use File released by the Secretary with respect to 2012 and shall be made available in a manner similar to the manner in which the information in such file is made available. 
available under this section shall include, at a minimum, the following: 
furnished by the physician or other eligible professional under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.), which may include information on the most frequent services furnished or groupings of services. 
other eligible professional that is available to the public, such as a national provider identifier. 
available under this section shall be searchable by at least the following: 
Beginning with 2016, the Secretary shall integrate the information made available under this section on Physician Compare. 
(ii) an agreement between a qualified entity and an authorized user. 
amounts collected pursuant to this paragraph shall be deposited in Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t). 
sold, including the number of such analyses, the number of purchasers of such analyses, and the total amount of fees received for such analyses; 
of the Employee Retirement Insurance Security Act of 1974). 
(ii) if the Secretary determines appropriate, claims data under the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act and the State Children’s Health Insurance Program under title XXI of such Act. 
following new sentence: ‘‘Beginning July 1, 2016, if the Secretary determines appropriate, the data described in this paragraph may also include standardized extracts (as determined by the Secretary) of claims data under titles XIX and XXI for assistance provided under such titles for one or more specified geographic areas and time periods requested by a qualified entity.’’; and 
under titles XIX or XXI’’ before the period at the end. 
than February 1, 2016, the Secretary shall make publicly available through an appropriate publicly accessible website of the Department of Health and Human Services information on the number and characteristics of optout physicians and practitioners and shall update such information on such website not less often than annually. 
‘‘(iii) Their geographic distribution. ‘‘(iv) The timing of their becoming optout 
physicians and practitioners, relative, to the extent feasible, to when they first enrolled in the program under this title and with respect to applicable 2year periods. 
practitioners who billed for emergency or urgent care services.’’. 
term ‘‘widespread interoperability’’ means interoperability between certified EHR technology systems employed by meaningful EHR users under the Medicare and Medicaid EHR incentive programs and other clinicians and health care providers on a nationwide basis. 
(ii) INTEROPERABILITY .—The term ‘‘interoperability’’ means the ability of two or more health information systems or components to exchange clinical and other information and to use the information that has been exchanged using common standards as to provide access to longitudinal information for health care providers in order to facilitate coordinated care and improved patient outcomes. 
made by this subsection shall apply to meaningful EHR users as of the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
study to examine the feasibility of establishing one or more mechanisms to assist providers in comparing and selecting certified EHR technology products. Such mechanisms may include— 
products that is made publicly available in a standardized format. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on mechanisms that would assist providers in comparing and selecting certified EHR technology products. The report shall include information on the benefits of, and resources needed to develop and maintain, such mechanisms. 
the meaning given such term under the Medicare EHR incentive programs. 
Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the following: 
various Federal programs and Federal efforts can inform the use of telehealth in the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). 
use of telehealth under the Medicare program under such title, including oversight and professional licensure, changing technology, privacy and security, infrastructure requirements, and varying needs across urban and rural areas. 
telehealth with respect to payment and delivery system transformations under the Medicare program under such title XVIII and the Medicaid program under title XIX of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
(ii) of the financial incentives in the private health insurance market relating to adoption of such technology; 
services under the Medicare program under title XVIII of the Social Security Act; 
(iv) that evaluates the patients, conditions, and clinical circumstances that could most benefit from remote patient monitoring services; and 
establishing appropriate valuation for remote patient monitoring services under the Medicare physician fee schedule under section 1848 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395w–4) in order to accurately reflect the resources involved in furnishing such services. 
The term ‘‘remote patient monitoring services’’ means services furnished through remote patient monitoring technology. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress— 
the development, recognition, or implementation of any guideline or other standard under any Federal health care provision shall not be construed to establish the standard of care or duty of care owed by a health care provider to a patient in any medical malpractice or medical product liability action or claim. 
term ‘‘Federal health care provision’’ means any provision of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), title I or subtitle B of title II of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–152), or title XVIII or XIX of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq., 42 U.S.C. 1396 et seq.). 
‘‘health care provider’’ means any individual, group practice, corporation of health care professionals, or hospital— 
Federal or State laws or regulations to provide health care services; or 
or certified but that is exempted by other statute or regulation. 
District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and any other commonwealth, possession, or territory of the United States. 
three months of 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2012 through 2017’’. 
claims denial percentage for therapy services under this part or is less compliant with applicable requirements under this title. 
billing for therapy services under this part that is aberrant compared to peers or otherwise has questionable billing practices for such services, such as billing medically unlikely units of services in a day. 
‘‘(III) The therapy provider is newly enrolled under this title or has not previously furnished therapy services under this part. 
that includes another therapy provider identified using the factors determined under this subparagraph. 
‘‘(iii) For purposes of carrying out this subparagraph, the Secretary shall provide for the transfer, from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841, of $5,000,000 to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account for fiscal years 2015 and 2016, to remain available until expended. Such funds may not be used by a contractor 
years 2011 through 2014 and fiscal year 2015 (before April 1, 2015),’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2011 through 2017,’’. 
striking ‘‘April 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’; and 
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1993 (42 U.S.C. 1395ww note) is amended by striking ‘‘through the first 2 quarters of fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through fiscal year 2017’’. 
months of fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘and $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017’’. 
of section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008 (42 U.S.C. 1395b–3 note), as amended by section 3306 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Public Law 111–148), section 610 of the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–240), section 1110 of the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–67), and section 110 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93), is amended— 
service’’ after ‘‘With respect to any portion of the’’; 
plan service’’ after ‘‘With respect to any other portion of such’’; and 
that is offering a reasonable cost reimbursement contract that may no longer be extended or renewed because of the application of clause (ii), or where such contract has been extended or renewed but the eligible organization has informed the Secretary in 
writing not later than a date determined appropriate by the Secretary that such organization voluntarily plans not to seek renewal of the reasonable cost reimbursement contract, the following shall apply: 
contract may be extended or renewed for the two years subsequent to 2016. The final year in which such contract is extended or renewed is referred to in this subsection as the ‘last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract’. 
new enrollee under such contract during the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract (but may continue to enroll new enrollees through the end of the year immediately preceding such year) unless such enrollee is any of the following: 
‘‘(aa) An individual who chooses enrollment in the reasonable cost contract during the annual election period with respect to such last year. 
time of the individual’s enrollment is an enrollee under the reasonable cost reimbursement contract. 
an employer group health plan that offers coverage through the reasonable cost reimbursement contract. 
to benefits under part A, or enrolled under part B, and was enrolled in a plan offered by the eligible organization immediately prior 
to the individual’s enrollment under the reasonable cost reimbursement contract. 
‘‘(III) Not later than a date determined appropriate by the Secretary prior to the beginning of the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract, the organization shall provide notice to the Secretary as to whether the organization will apply to have the contract converted over, in whole or in part, and offered as a Medicare Advantage plan under part C for the year following the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract. 
‘‘(III) During the last reasonable cost reimbursement contract year for the contract and the year immediately preceding such year, the eligible organization, or the corporate parent organization of the eligible organization, shall be permitted to offer an MA plan in the area that such contract is being offered and enroll Medicare Advantage eligible individuals in such MA plan and such cost plan.’’. 
‘‘(iii) the eligible organization that is offering such reasonable cost reimbursement contract provided the notice described in subclause (III) of such section that the contract was to be converted; 
the reasonable cost reimbursement contract described in clause (iii); 
‘‘(II) is offered by the same entity (or an 
organization affiliated with such entity that has a common ownership interest of control) that entered into such contract; and 
transitioning from the converted reasonable cost reimbursement contract to such plan to maintain current providers of services and suppliers and course of treatment at the time of enrollment for a period of at least 90 days after enrollment; and 
‘‘(II) during such period, pays such providers of services and suppliers for items and services furnished to the enrollee an amount that is not less than the amount of payment applicable for such items and services under the original Medicare feeforservice program under parts A and B. 
the sponsor of such plan is the same entity (or an organization affiliated with such entity) that entered into such contract. 
paragraph, the term ‘applicable MA plan’ means, in the case of an individual described in— 
‘‘(ii) LIMITATION OF ONE CHANGE .—An individual may exercise the right under clause 
‘‘(III) a description of the differences between such MA plan or MA–PD plan and the reasonable cost reimbursement contract in which the individual was most recently enrolled with respect to benefits covered under such plans, including costsharing, premiums, drug coverage, and provider networks; 
REASONABLE COST REIMBURSEMENT CON TRACT .—For purposes of applying paragraph 
with respect to months during the period beginning with January 1998, and ending with March 2015)’’. 
2015, and ends on December 31, 2015, the total allocation amount is $535,000,000; and 
for each subsequent year, the total allocation amount is $980,000,000.’’; 
PREVIOUS YEAR .—In the case of 2017, the allocation amount for 2016, or in the case of a subsequent year, the maximum allocation amount allowed under this paragraph for the previous year. 
monthly premium rate determined under section 1839 for the year divided by the monthly premium rate determined under such section for the previous year. 
average number of individuals (as estimated by the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services in September of the previous year) to be enrolled under part B of title XVIII for months in the year divided by the average number of such individuals (as so estimated) under this subparagraph with respect to enrollments in months in the previous year.’’. 
relating to the extension of eligibility for medical assistance for certain families who have received aid pursuant to a State plan approved under part A of title IV and have earned income, see section 1925.’’. 
additional $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ after ‘‘2015’’. 
2013, 2014, and 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2017’’; and 
on October 1, 2014, and ending on March 31, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2015’’; 
provision of this subsection, any other provision of law, or the terms of the TennCare Demonstration Project in effect for the State, the DSH allotment for Tennessee for fiscal year 2015, and for each fiscal year thereafter through fiscal year 2025, shall be 
of 2013 (division A of Public Law 113–67; 42 U.S.C. 1396a note), as amended by section 211 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 128 Stat. 1047) is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2017’’. 
pursuant to this section for fiscal year 2016 and fiscal year 2017 are subject to the requirements contained in Public Law 113–235 for funds for programs authorized under sections 330 through 340 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 254b–256). 
on October 1, 2016, and ending on March 31, 2017; and 
on April 1, 2017, and ending on September 30, 2017.’’. 
‘‘THROUGH 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘ AND THERE AFTER ’’; 
YEAR 2014 AND EACH SUCCEEDING EVEN NUMBERED FISCAL YEAR .—Except as provided in 
clauses (iii) and (iv), for fiscal year 2014 and each succeeding evennumbered fiscal year, the allotment of the State is equal to the sum of— 
2018, with respect to the allotment of the State for fiscal year 2017, any amounts of such allotment that remain available for expenditure by the State in fiscal year 2018 shall be reduced by onethird.’’; 
fiscal year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2014, or fiscal year 2016’’; 
‘‘(ii) the total of the amount of all of the 
ratio described in this subparagraph is the ratio of— 
$40,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2016 and 2017’’ after ‘‘2015’’. 
HHS ON USE OF EXPRESS LANE OPTION UNDER MEDICAID AND CHIP. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
the enactment of this Act, the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report that— 
so enrolled meet the eligibility requirements under Medicaid or CHIP (as applicable); and 
U.S.C. 1395ss) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
‘newly eligible Medicare beneficiary’ means an individual who is neither of the following: 
under such subsection so as to eliminate the coverage of the part B deductible for any medical supplemental policy sold or issued under such program to a newly eligible Medicare beneficiary on or after January 1, 2020. 
Medicare beneficiary, except as the Secretary may otherwise provide, any reference in this section to a medicare supplemental policy which has a benefit package classified as ‘C’ or ‘F’ shall be deemed, as of January 1, 2020, to be a reference to a medicare supplemental policy which has a benefit package classified as ‘D’ or ‘G’, respectively. 
‘‘If the modified adjusted gross income is: The applicable 
case of a calendar year beginning with 2020, August 2018)’’ after ‘‘August 2006’’; and 
‘‘(iii) S PECIAL RULE FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018 .— 
The increase factor to be applied under this subparagraph for fiscal year 2018, after the application of clause (ii), shall be 1 percent.’’; and 
following: ‘‘Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the home health market basket percentage increase for 2018 shall be 1 percent.’’; and 
made by this section shall apply to payments made after 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(ii) in clause (ii), by striking the period at 
(iii) by adding at the end the following new 
all that follows through ‘‘providing authority’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be construed as providing authority’’; and 
Services, in consultation with the Commissioner of Social Security, shall establish 
costeffective procedures to ensure that a Social Security account number (or derivative thereof) is not displayed, coded, or embedded on the Medicare card issued to an individual who is entitled to benefits under part A of title XVIII or enrolled under part B of title XVIII and that any other identifier displayed on such card is not identifiable as a Social Security account number (or derivative thereof).’’. 
process that involves the least amount of disruption to, as well as necessary assistance for, Medicare beneficiaries and health care providers, such as a process that provides such beneficiaries with access to assistance through a tollfree telephone number and provides outreach to providers. 
a process, similar to the process involving Railroad Retirement Board beneficiaries, under which a Medicare beneficiary identifier which is not a Social Security account number (or derivative thereof) is used external to the Department of Health and Human Services and is convertible over to a Social Security account number (or derivative thereof) for use internal to such Department and the Social Security Administration. 
purposes of implementing the provisions of and the amendments made by this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall provide for the following transfers from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund under section 1817 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395i) and from the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund established under section 1841 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1395t), in such proportions as the Secretary determines appropriate: 
$53,000,000, to be made available through fiscal year 2018. 
Limitation on Administration Account, transfers of the following amounts: 
$22,000,000, to be made available through fiscal year 2018. 
PAYMENTS FOR ITEMS AND SERVICES FURNISHED TO INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS, INDIVIDUALS NOT LAWFULLY PRESENT, AND DECEASED INDIVIDUALS. 
ESTABLISH POLICIES AND CLAIMS EDITS RELATING TO INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS , INDIVIDUALS NOTLAWFULLY PRESENT , AND DECEASED INDIVIDUALS .—Section 1874 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
ESTABLISH POLICIES AND CLAIMS EDITS RELATING TO INCARCERATED INDIVIDUALS , INDIVIDUALS NOTLAWFULLY PRESENT , AND DECEASED INDIVIDUALS .—The Secretary shall establish and maintain procedures, including procedures for using claims processing edits, updating eligibility information to improve provider accessibility, and conducting recoupment activities such as through recovery audit contractors, in order to ensure that payment is not made under this title for items and services furnished to an individual who is one of the following: 
present in the United States and who is not eligible for coverage under this title. 
Human Services determines that it is cost effective and technologically viable to use electronic Medicare beneficiary and provider cards (such as cards that use smart card technology, including an embedded and secure integrated circuit chip), as presented in the Government Accountability Office report required by the conference report accompanying the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2014 (Public Law 113–76), the Secretary shall consider such measures as determined appropriate by the Secretary to implement such use of such cards for beneficiary and provider use under title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395 et seq.). In the case that the Secretary considers measures under the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Ways and Means and Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, a report outlining the considerations undertaken by the Secretary under such sentence. 
IMPROPER PAYMENT OUTREACH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .—Section 1874A of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395kk–1) is amended— 
under such payment outreach and education program shall include information the Secretary determines to be appropriate, which may include the following information: 
most frequent and expensive payment errors over the last quarter. 
contractor shall give priority to activities under such program that will reduce improper payments that are one or more of the following: 
the Secretary determines could be prevented through activities under the program. 
that have the greatest total dollar amounts of improper payments. 
region that have the highest rates of improper payments. 
region that are responsible for the greatest total dollar amount of improper payments. 
reporting under the incentive program, including rewards based on information that leads to an administrative action; and 
Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395b–7) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
Secretary of Health and Human Services determines appropriate, the Secretary shall— 
and any such other statements and notifications on a more frequent basis than is otherwise required under such title. 
‘‘(iv) CONTRACTOR PERFORMANCE TRANS PARENCY .—To the extent possible without 
compromising the process for entering into and renewing contracts with medicare administrative contractors under this section, the Secretary shall make available to the public the performance of each medicare administrative contractor with respect to such performance requirements and measurement standards.’’. 
TO STATES FOR STATE PARTICIPATION IN MEDICAID DATA MATCH PROGRAM. 
Not later than one year after the date of 
later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health 
apply to ownership interests, compensation arrangements, or other relationships; 
and in an amount that is not less than the minimum of $50,000; and 
OF MANUAL MANIPULATION OF THE SPINE TO CORRECT SUBLUXATION. 
episode of treatment shall be determined by the underlying cause that justifies the need for services, such as a diagnosis code. 
‘‘(ii) ENDING APPLICATION OF PRIOR AUTHOR IZATION MEDICAL REVIEW .—The Secretary 
‘‘(iii) EARLY REQUEST FOR PRIOR AUTHORIZA TION REVIEW PERMITTED .—Nothing in this 
that medical review under this subsection does not apply in the case where potential fraud may be involved. 
the electronic means described in the preceding sentence as soon as practicable. 
in medicare administrative contractor (MAC) regions L and 11 (consisting of Delaware, the District of Columbia, Maryland, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, North Carolina, South Carolina, West Virginia, and Virginia). 
paragraph shall not apply to information required to be provided on or after July 1, 2016.’’. 
of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Finance of the Senate, and to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means of the House of Representatives— 
Except as explicitly provided in this subtitle, nothing in this subtitle, including the amendments made by this subtitle, shall be construed as preventing the use of notice and comment rulemaking in the implementation of the provisions of, and the amendments made by, this subtitle. 
Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 1395ddd note) is amended— 
6 months of fiscal year 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘through the end of fiscal year 2015’’; 
STATE LICENSURE FOR ENTITIES SUBMITTING BIDS UNDER THE MEDICARE DMEPOS COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION PROGRAM. 
NOT ACCEPT THE CONTRACT .—In the case of a 
bidding entity that is offered a contract for any product category for a competitive acquisition area, if— 
product category and area was at or below the median composite bid rate for all bidding entities included in the calculation of the single payment amounts for such product category and area; and 
‘‘(II) the entity does not accept the contract offered for such product category and area, 
such area shall be forfeited by the entity and the Secretary shall collect on it. 
implement the policy established in the final rule published on November 13, 2014 (79 Fed. 
Reg. 67548 et seq.), that requires the transition of all 10day and 90day global surgery packages to 0day global periods. 
shall be construed to prevent the Secretary from revaluing misvalued codes for specific surgical services or assigning values to new or revised codes for surgical services. 
Secretary shall through rulemaking develop and implement a process to gather, from a representative sample of physicians, beginning not later than January 1, 2017, information needed to value surgical services. Such information shall include the number and level of medical visits furnished during the global period and other items and services related to the surgery and furnished during the global period, as appropriate. Such information shall be reported on claims at the end of the global period or in another manner specified by the Secretary. For purposes of carrying out this paragraph (other than clause (iii)), the Secretary shall transfer from the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund under section 1841 $2,000,000 to the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account for fiscal year 2015. Amounts transferred under the previous sentence shall remain available until expended. 
Secure Rural Schools and Community Self Determination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by striking ‘‘2013’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘2015’’. 
year 2014 under title I of the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111 et seq.), as amended by this section, shall be made not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7111) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: 
in a State that will receive a share of the State payment for fiscal year 2014 has already received, or will receive, a share of the 25percent payment for fiscal year 2014 distributed to the State before the date of the enactment of this subsection, the amount of the State payment shall be reduced by the amount of that eligible county’s share of the 25percent payment. 
end the following new sentence: ‘‘If such twofiscal year period included fiscal year 2013, the county election to receive a share of the 25percent payment or 50percent payment, as applicable, also shall be effective for fiscal years 2014 and 2015.’’; and 
the second place it appears and inserting ‘‘2015’’; and 
Title II of the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7121 et seq.) is amended— 
by striking ‘‘September 30 for fiscal year 2008 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is practicable), and each September 30 thereafter for each succeeding fiscal year through fiscal year 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary concerned for the fiscal year)’’; 
striking ‘‘September 30, 2008 (or as soon thereafter as the Secretary concerned determines is practicable), and each September 30 thereafter for each succeeding fiscal year through fiscal year 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30 of each fiscal year (or a later date specified by the Secretary concerned for the fiscal year)’’; and 
Section 402 of the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act of 2000 (16 U.S.C. 7152) is amended by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2008 through 2013’’. 
budgetary effects of this Act shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 201 of S. Con. Res. 21 (110th Congress). 
shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided among and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. 
from Texas (Mr. B RADY ), and the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. L EVIN) each 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 2. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, sponsored by Congressman BURGESS of 
2, the bill I just referenced. Four years ago, upon taking leadership of the Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, I made it one of my goals to end the patchwork of doc fixes and repeal the sustainable growth rate. 
Now, we are here on the floor of the 
House with a bipartisan policy and a bipartisan set of payfors. There are many who thought that this day would never come. 
for all, with a system that allows greater freedom for physicians to practice medicine. We do this without threatening access to health care for seniors. Instead of unrealistic price controls, we are instituting a cooperative process to make our healthcare dollars go farther. 
projected savings with real entitlement reforms, reforms that could reduce spending by $295 billion in the coming decades. 
that this is saving Medicare. The bill makes important reforms that put the program on a better path, but there is much work to do before we achieve that goal. 
have understandable doubts about whether Medicare will be there when they retire. They pay into the program just as my generation did, but the current system of funding the program will not deliver on that promise for them. The extraordinary progress represented by the bill before us today is the result of a vision for the future and years of hard work. That vision was wholeheartedly supported by Speaker BOEHNER , and there 
are many more to thank: Chairman UPTON , for his persistence in leadership; current Ranking Member P ALLONE and former Ranking Member 
Waxman for working with us to get a policy we could all agree on; also Dr. BURGESS , the primary sponsor of today’s bill and the vice chairman of the Health Subcommittee in the two past Congresses. 
dedicated staff that spent countless hours and sacrificed weekends to make this happen: Dr. John O’Shea, Robert Horne, Josh Trent, Clay Alspach, Michelle Rosenberg, Heidi Stirrup, and Monica Volente, on my personal staff. 
first step toward strengthening and saving Medicare. This can’t be the end of the road. 
support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
had to temporarily fix the flawed sustainable growth rate, SGR, nearly 20 times since it was enacted. Well, today is the last time I will have to talk about the broken SGR. The House has come together to fix it once and for all. 
This bill is the result of a lot of hard 
work by the House Energy and Commerce Committee, Ways and Means and Senate Finance Committees and our leadership. Many of our Members have made important contributions to this bill, and I want to thank them all for being so diligent. 
replaces it with a reformed system that pays providers based on quality and value. It rewards health outcomes. It allows providers to give more focus to their patients, and most importantly, it provides stability and predictability to the Medicare Program for years to come. This is good for doctors, and it is good for seniors. 
for programs that improve the health and welfare of millions of children, families, and seniors. It makes permanent the qualified individual program which helps lowincome seniors pay their Medicare part B premiums. 
Medical Assistance program, which allows lowincome families to maintain their Medicaid coverage for up to 1 year as they transition from welfare to work. 
community health centers, the National Health Service Corps, and teaching health centers. This funding will help serve 28 million patients, and all three, together, strengthen access to primary and preventative health care in communities throughout America. 
year extension of CHIP, maintaining all of the improvements in the Affordable Care Act, but this is not just a 2 year extension; it is a robust extension. It keeps the promise made to States by maintaining the 23 percent bump in Federal matching rates and ensures that States, in turn, keep their promise to CHIP kids by leaving maintenance of effort requirements for child enrollment through 2019 untouched. 
This bill is not perfect. I wish my Republican colleagues would have agreed to fund CHIP for 4 years. I also remain concerned about the provisions that affect Medicare beneficiaries, but such is the nature of compromise. 
of my committee and of both of our leaderships. This agreement took courage from both sides, but what we have accomplished is truly significant. It is balanced and a thoughtful product, and I urge Members to support it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I am 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. HARPER ), 
an outstanding member of the Energy and Commerce Committee and a good advocate on health issues. 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act represents years of bipartisan effort to eliminate the fatally flawed sustainable growth rate formula and implement new payment and delivery models that will promote higherquality care while reducing costs. 
In addition to stabilizing the Medicare Program for our Nation’s seniors, the bill addresses the healthcare needs 
of children and lowincome Americans, while promoting the longterm sustainability of the Medicare Program through significant structural reforms to the Medicare Program. 
be modernized in order to avoid the program’s projected financial shortfalls. Republicans and Democrats have worked together to advance a blueprint to begin to place Medicare programs on a sound financial footing for both today’s and future retirees. 
policy once and for all and protect access to care for seniors. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ), the ranking member 
Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding to me, and I appreciate his leadership on this issue and many others in our committee. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. As an original cosponsor of this landmark legislation, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. 
H.R. 2 will reform the flawed Medicare physician payment system that will reward quality and value over volume, make reforms to slow the growth of healthcare costs, and extend other critical programs, including the Children’s Health Insurance Program and 
17 times to prevent steep payment cuts caused by the flawed SGR formula in order to preserve seniors’ access to care. 
choice, both fiscally and logically. More money has now been spent on shortterm patches than the full cost of the permanent repealing of the SGR. 
to repealing the flawed SGR formula and enacting meaningful reform that will strengthen the Medicare system for generations to come. 
years of funding for the community health centers program included in the package. These dedicated mandatory funds will avert an impending fiscal cliff set to take place in September. Without this extension, funding for health centers would be slashed by 70 percent, and 7.4 million patients would lose access to care. 
funding for the National Health Service Corps and the teaching health center program. Both programs further the goals of improving and strengthening access to primary and preventative care in our communities. 
Like any good bipartisan compromise, the legislation strikes a balance and offers a set of viable solutions that should have broad bipartisan support. 
the Energy and Commerce Committee and Ways and Means Committee for their leadership in working across the aisle to craft this commonsense, landmark legislation. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ), a 
a great day for America’s seniors. After years of flawed Medicare policy, we are finally creating a stable system that ensures Medicare patients will have access to their doctors. 
This new policy will move our Medicare system to one that is based on quality of care that is provided to our Nation’s seniors. In fact, for the first time in decades, we actually achieve real structural reforms in the program that will help save this critical program for future seniors. 
this legislation repeals CMS’ policy to eliminate bundled surgical payments. Eliminating surgical payment bundles would force doctors to spend more time billing CMS that could be used for caring for patients. 
PITTS, and I would also like to congratulate Speaker B OEHNER , Minority 
Leader P ELOSI , Chairman U PTON , and 
politics aside and putting America’s seniors first. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. SCHRADER ). 
I am proud to be here today to support real bipartisan compromise to finally repeal and replace this flawed SGR formula. 
I would like to give my congratulations to Congressman BURGESS and, 
frankly, former Congresswoman Allyson Schwartz also worked very hard for many years to make this thing a reality. 
bring stability to Medicare, so seniors will actually be able to continue to see their doctors. Meanwhile, the bill also allows physicians to focus on value and quality of care rather than quantity of care and extends, of course, the vital CHIP program aiding so many children in this country. 
this bill completely paid for, like many others in this Chamber, I recognize the nature of compromise means you don’t get everything you want, whether you are a House Member or a Senate Member. 
pointed out that at least part of the cost of this bill is covered by implementing crucial reforms to Medicare that will help improve its solvency for future generations, certainly compared to our current policy. 
both sides of the aisle for coming together on this agreement. It is long overdue and will greatly improve our system. I hope we vote for this bill. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ), the vice chair of the Energy and 
work that he has done on this, as well as the other members of our committee. 
I do rise today in support of H.R. 2. I think every one of us have constituents who are Medicare enrollees who tell us the stories and the stress that comes with not being able to see a doctor because they are no longer taking Medicare patients. 
What this does is go to the heart of 
the problem, the SGR, the sustainable growth rate. It was a big part of the problem—the sword of Damocles, if you will—because doctors never knew if they were going to get paid or what they were going to get paid or if it was going to be a doubledigit or a single digit cut. Let’s get that off the table and provide some certainty. 
the flawed SGR. It will be replaced with commonsense legislation which will provide healthcare providers with the predictability that is necessary to meet the needs of Medicare enrollees. 
In addition, H.R. 2 takes an important step to rein in healthcare spending, incentivizing doctors on quality, 
as opposed to quantity, getting at part of the problem of our entitlement programs. 
I congratulate all involved. I encourage a ‘‘yes’’ vote. 
minute to the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
I have always believed that our physician workforce deserves to be fairly compensated. The flawed SGR formula has failed to do this for over a decade, and it isn’t right that physicians have faced looming Medicare cuts year after year. Therefore, I am pleased that House Democrats and Republicans have come together to craft a fair, bipartisan compromise to this longstanding and expensive problem. 
want us to end gridlock. They want us to meet in the middle, and we are doing that today. I want to commend Speaker BOEHNER and Leader P ELOSI . And 
while I would have liked to have seen a 4year extension of CHIP funding and I am upset that unnecessary Hyde language has been attached to muchneeded community health center funding, overall, this is a good agreement. 
Medicare beneficiaries, their physicians, children, and our entire health care system will benefit from seeing CHIP and health center funding extended, SGR repealed, and quality based physician reimbursement incentivized. 
the House and in the Senate to support this compromise legislation, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), the 
chairman of the Doctors Caucus, who should be recognized for his tireless efforts to build support for this bill. 
today I rise in strong support of H.R. 2, which will permanently repeal the flawed SGR formula and replace it with meaningful reform that will ensure seniors’ access to Medicare. 
important things we have accomplished since I have been in Congress, and I couldn’t be prouder of the work done by the House Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means Committees, along with the GOP Doctors Caucus. 
NANCY PELOSI , without whose leadership this agreement would never have happened. 
This bill will ensure Medicare recipients have access to quality care and helps pave the way for entitlement reform by making important structural changes to the program. That is an important point. People over the years 
but it really should be called the ‘‘senior fix.’’ The cuts required by SGR were so severe that, had they been allowed to go into effect, seniors’ access to a Medicare physician almost assuredly would have been curtailed. 
billion spent to keep a flawed formula from doing lasting damage to Medicare, we are finally acting in a responsible manner, in a way that should give the American people renewed confidence in Congress’ ability to act on important matters. 
I thank all involved. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. PELOSI ), our Democratic 
leader, and I thank her for what she accomplished here today working with the Speaker. 
our ranking members on the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Ways and Means Committee, for their leadership and cooperation on this issue, as well as Chairman RYANof the 
Ways and Means Committee and Chairman UPTON of the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
This is a day that we really have to 
salute our staff. They have worked so hard. It was my honor to work with Speaker BOEHNER on this important 
issue to do what we came here to do— to legislate. We are the legislative branch. We are legislating. We are working together to get the job done for the American people. 
From Speaker BOEHNER ’s staff, I especially want to thank Charlotte Ivancic, who was extremely knowledgeable about health policy and was smart and fair about all of this. Wendell Primus of my staff was a strong voice for the concerns of seniors and children and the rest in those discussions. 
Legislative Counsel—for all the ideas that Members churned up, Legislative Counsel had to translate that into what the possibility was for legislative language. They worked 24/7, weekends included. 
the technical teams at CMS and HHS worked 24/7 for many days. 
the team at the Congressional Budget Office, having to score every change of idea that we may have had. 
Means Committee and the Energy and Commerce Committee on both sides of the aisle, I take the time to recognize them because in recognizing them, I really want to recognize the work that is done by staff on all that we do here. 
been working 18hour days for the past few weeks, and we thank them for their tireless hard work. 
This package includes many important victories for lowincome seniors, children, and families. There are many reasons to support this bill, four of 
care for many older Americans with additional funding for initiatives that help lowincome seniors pay their Medicare part B premiums. 
poor children with a 2year extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program at the same rates set by the Affordable Care Act. Many people wanted more, as did I. That does not diminish the importance of the 2year extension. 
Lastly, we have secured critical funding for community health centers over the next 2 years, expanding a vital investment in underserved communities. 
I am proud to rise in support of this 
historic, bipartisan package. It represents bold, necessary progress for our country. And it is not just about enabling our seniors to see their doctors, which was the original purpose of the bill. It is about how we can increase performance and lower cost; it is about value, not volume of service; it is about quality, not quantity of procedures; and this legislation is transformative in how it rewards the value, not the volume. So I am proud to support it. 
At long last, we will replace the broken SGR formula and transition Medicare away from a volumebased system toward one that rewards values, ensures the accuracy of payments, and improves the quality of care. 
With this legislation, we give America’s seniors confidence that they will be able to see the doctors they need and the doctors they like, liberating them and their families from the shadow of needless, annual crises. 
History Month, I am very proud of what the legislation means to women and their health issues. 
Speaker in a bipartisan way on this legislation. I hope it will be a model of things to come. 
thanking the minority leader for her role in achieving this bipartisan compromise. It is really historic. I think it is appropriate that this is happening on her birthday, and I join my colleagues in wishing her a happy birthday today. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from New Jersey has 7
minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), another member of the 
today to support H.R. 2, to repeal and replace the SGR. 
the MeritBased Incentive Payment System, or MIPS. MIPS means physicians are practicing better medicine to keep their patients healthier. Healthier people utilize less health care, which means a lower cost to the taxpayer. 
Nearly 150,000 seniors live in my district. This bill gives them certainty that their doctor will see them. It provides seniors with better care. 
community health centers funding, which is very important to my constituents. This bill is prosenior, pro doctor, and propatient. 
years in the making. We have a chance to make a huge difference for seniors. The benefits of repealing the SGR are clear. Support this bill. 
minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ). 
rely on Medicare and the doctors that take care of them can breathe easier today because of this bill. Medicare will be stronger, and it will be more efficient. We are going to put ‘‘modern’’ into modern medicine by transitioning the Medicare health system into one that focuses on quality rather than quantity. 
on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Chairman UPTON and Ranking 
Member P ALLONE , Mr. P ITTS and Mr. 
GREEN , and Speaker B OEHNER and Minority Leader P ELOSI for also adding 
into this important package new assurance for children across America, for our community health centers. The State Children’s Health Insurance Program now gets a very significant boost, along with our health centers that take care of so many of our neighbors. 
staff, to the great public servants in the Obama administration. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this important, landmark bill. 
pleased to yield at this time 1 minute to the gentlelady from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ), another valued member of the Health Subcommittee. 
Mr. Speaker, I just want to extend my thanks to all of the members who have worked so hard, both on the Energy and Commerce Committee, but my Democratic colleagues across the aisle, those who we are working with in the Senate. 
people, don’t look now, but we are actually governing. And this is what the American people want to see. 
I have a speech here to read, but I am 
actually going to go offline and tell you from my heart what this means for our seniors. 
governing. This is about giving solutions to a problem. Yes, it comes with 
look at things from a onedimensional perspective on something so important as health care—it is so multidimensional—we can’t stop ourselves from moving forward. 
will be when we are not trying to come up with another billiondollar bandaid to continue the SGR failed formula, when we can actually be looking forward for solutions in health care, continuing our work on 21st century cures, and showing our seniors and every American family in this country how important it is in the work that we are doing. 
minute to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ). 
Mr. BUTTERFIELD. I thank the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. P ALLONE ). 
medical providers and for our seniors. This is also a good day for the House of Representatives. This is bipartisanship at its best. 
will no longer have to worry about losing their physicians. Providers will have the certainty to continue to serve their Medicare patients. 
more than fixing Medicare. It also includes a 2year extension of the CHIP program, which is children’s health insurance, and funding for community health centers that is set to expire this fall. Both programs are vital to the lowincome vulnerable and rural communities that I represent in North Carolina. 
8 million children across the country, including many in my State. It helps provide health coverage to children who are not eligible for Medicaid but cannot afford other insurance. 
The community health center program funds 1,300 health centers across the country. Without this extension, the program would expire, and care for 7.4 million patients would be jeopardized. 
Supporting this bill is about providing access to care for the most vulnerable Americans. I urge my colleagues in the House and the Senate to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2. 
pleased at this time to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. BOEHNER), our Speaker, who deserves a lot 
of credit in coming up with this bipartisan compromise. 
Let me say a big thank you to Chairman UPTON , Chairman R YAN, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. L EVIN, and their staffs for all 
of the work that has gone into this product. Also, I want to thank Wendell Primus with Leader PELOSI ’s staff; 
staff; and, of course, Charlotte Ivancic on my team, all who have worked together to create this product that we have today. Thanks to their hard work 
and the work of this House, we expect to end the socalled doc fix once and for all. 
patched this problem 17 times over the last 11 years, and I decided about a year ago that I had had enough of it. In its place, we will deliver for the American people the first real entitlement reform in nearly two decades. I think this is good news for America’s seniors, who will benefit from a more stable and reliable system for seeing their doctor. 
It is good news for hardworking families who will benefit from a stronger Medicare program to help care for their elderly parents. It is good news for the taxpayers who, according to the CBO and a number of other fiscal experts, will save money now and well into the future. That means it is especially good news for our kids and grandkids, because today it is about a problem much bigger than any doc fix or any deadline. It is about beginning the process of solving our spending problem, and it is about strengthening and saving Medicare, which is at the heart of that problem. 
that we are just going to kick the can down the road one more time. But today, because of what we are doing here, we are going to save money 20, 30, and 40 years down the road. Not only that, we are strengthening Medicare’s ability to fight fraud, waste, and abuse. 
also extends the Children’s Health Insurance Program for another 2 years and extends the authorization for community health centers for another 2 years. 
accomplish when we are focused on finding common ground. But we can’t become complacent. We know more serious entitlement reform is needed. It shouldn’t take another two decades to do it, and, frankly, I don’t think we have got that much time. But I am here today to urge all of our Members to begin that process, and the process begins by voting ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 2 today. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ). 
today to support H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. 
As this legislation was under negotiation, several of our colleagues tried to add unnecessary language that would have expanded the Hyde amendment to embed this harmful policy into the Affordable Care Act and the Public Health Services Act. Thanks to the commitment of leaders for women’s health care rights, we secured important changes to this language. Current appropriation policies concerning the use of funds at community health centers will not change, and when the funding in this bill for community health centers, the National Health 
Service Corps, and teaching health centers expires, so will the funding restrictions. Also, this language is freestanding, and it does not amend the Affordable Care Act or the Public Health Services Act. 
amendment. It is backwards policy because it denies full reproductive coverage to poor women who need it the most of everybody in this society; but this bill does not restrict their access any further than current law, and the ProChoice Caucus will continue to fight for health parity in this country for all women. 
that has real advances in finally fixing the physician reimbursement, extending the important Children’s Health program, extending the special diabetes fund that helps so many Americans, and gives $7 billion to extend the important community health centers for the next 2 years. 
we did in a bipartisan way. I want to thank the majority, and I want to thank my colleagues on my side of the aisle for working together and only showing, as the Speaker just said, what we can do when we really do the job that Congress is supposed to do. I urge support of this legislation. 
pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ), the 
prime sponsor of the legislation, who deserves a great deal of credit for where we are today. 
to thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Health on Energy and Commerce. Mr. Speaker, I omitted one of the people that should have been thanked earlier in my remarks from the House Legislative Counsel, Michelle Vanek, who worked so hard on the language that is before us today. 
this floor, we had a similar vote, and I talked about how important it was to send a positive message, because last year it was the key that would get us through the door. Well, guess what, Mr. Speaker. This year, not only will the key get us through the door; we are going to knock the darned door down. 
saw it evidenced on the rule. I urge all of my colleagues to get behind this legislation. It may not have been everything you want, it may not have been what you would have done if you had done it by yourself, but this is a collaborative body. This is the work of a collaborative body. Now we need to send it over to the world’s greatest deliberative body. Let them deliberate for only a short period of time because of the thunderous approval that has come from the people’s House. 
SGR. Let us never speak of this issue again. 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), our Democratic 
aside, I was inclined to get up and ask that the gentleman’s words be taken down. Of course, when we do that, we do it in a different context. With those words, we ought to all be happy today. Whether we are for or against, the Congress is working today as the American people would have the Congress work. 
extraordinary staffs on both sides of the aisle, and Members have come together and dealt with some difficult issues. As the gentleman, Dr. BURGESS  
indicated—and I have worked with him on SCHIP for a very, very long period of time as I recall—we are making progress. We are not where we all want to be, but we are making progress. 
bill and thank the Democratic leader as well as Speaker BOEHNER , Ranking 
and others for getting us to where we are today. 
the broken Medicare sustainable growth rate formula that, frankly, I have been working to get rid of for almost a decade, if not longer, which has created uncertainty and instability in the Medicare program for over a decade. I am pleased that the parties were able to come together and craft a bipartisan bill that will ensure seniors’ access to their doctors and incentivize highquality, highvalue care. 
a robust reauthorization of the Children’s Health Insurance Program, known as CHIP, which has been a bipartisan success story. This is an issue, Mr. Speaker, I worked hard on when I was majority leader, and I am glad that we are moving forward today in a bipartisan way that recognizes how important the CHIP program is for children and for families. 
Another major component of this bipartisan compromise is the $7.2 billion in funding for community health centers. These centers serve some of our most needy citizens. These centers, in my home State of Maryland and throughout our country, provide essential health services for millions of underserved families. That is good for all of us. 
This, of course, as I said, is not a perfect bill. No compromise is ever perfect from everybody’s perspective. There are some parts I and other Democrats would have liked to see improved, just as there are some parts my colleagues on the other side of the aisle would change, but this compromise will provide muchneeded relief and certainty to seniors, children, and families. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this effort. It will be a good day for the Congress of the United States, and it will be a good day for America. I thank all of those whose leadership—Members and staff—who 
got us to this point for the work that they have done. 
I want to recognize one person in particular, Ira Burney, a career civil servant who, for more than 30 years, has worked tirelessly on Medicare issues at CMS. There is not one Medicare bill in this time that he has not been a part of. His hard work and technical knowledge have been instrumental in supporting our work here in Congress. 
So I want to thank Ira and all those 
on both sides of the aisle who worked so hard to make this day possible. This is an important and incredibly significant bill, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distinguished majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gentleman, and I yield to my friend on the other side of the aisle, Mr. HOYER . 
has a magic minute that I dearly miss. I forgot to articulate, and I should have articulated, I want to congratulate FREDUPTON . 
House who represents this institution so well because he is committed to working in a bipartisan fashion. We find ourselves sometimes not able to do that. But I want to say thank you to Mr. UPTON from Michigan for his leadership and his commitment to making sure this institution works as the American people want it to work. 
I thank my friend, the majority leader, for yielding. 
thank the gentleman for his words, and I hope all that are watching today see that this is a pattern of what works inside Washington. 
a common cycle: you have a problem, you kick the can down the road; you hit a cliff, then you rush to a short term fix that doesn’t actually fix the problem; then the cycle starts all over again. 
this cycle, problems usually get worse, and a lot of times the shortterm fixes get packed with addons that increase the size of government and cost people more and more. We have seen this with this doc fix again and again, 17 times over the last decade. Every single year I have served in this body, less than a decade, that has been the solution, to kick the can down the road. But today the House will vote on a bipartisan bill to end the cliff for good, stop the cycle, and, most importantly, provide stability to the Medicare program for the seniors and their doctors. Mr. Speaker, this is a big moment for 
Congress, and I think we should all realize it. The bill before us today will, once and for all, repeal and replace the flawed Medicare physician payment system. It will move us away from volumebased care to care based on quality, value, and accountability. 
Everyone knows that we need to reform programs like Medicare to save it for the future, but for so long, nothing has been done in this House—that is until today. Today marks the first step of what I hope will be many more to save our safety nets from collapse and to ensure it for a future generation. These reforms are permanent, they are bipartisan, and they lay the foundation for a Medicare that lasts. 
these big reforms without a lot of hard work. 
Caucus. There are many times I was in a meeting with frustration wanting to find a solution, and the first place to find a solution is policy. They spent their time together to find that policy. Then it was: How are we going to pay for it and how are we going to move forward? That is where the leadership of chairmen come through in FRED 
helped build with the Doctors Caucus, they led their own committees. 
place, it is going to be different from others. People aren’t going to sit and watch the sides to wonder whether it gets there and how close does it pass? People are going to watch how big the overall vote is going to be. 
to our districts. We will go back to our districts, hopefully in a different thought and a different time, that yes, we can solve a problem; yes, we can pick a problem that has lasted over a decade, that every Congress before it has kicked it down the road, but no, we found common ground. We found the ability to come together to solve something that many believed we could not. 
value. Today is a good day, but today should not be the last day. We should look for the other problems—and there are many—and ways that we can solve them permanently like we will do today. 
pleased at this time to yield such time as he may consume to close to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the 
chair of the Energy and Commerce, a master of bipartisan compromise who deserves a great deal of credit for being here today. 
be bipartisan if we didn’t have good people on both sides of the aisle to get things done. I appreciate all the leadership on this side and this side to really get this to a finish point today. 
Today, we do come together, we really do—Republicans and Democrats—to 
payment system, protect seniors’ access to care, and, yes, strengthen Medicare and extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
has been an axe over Medicare physicians and the seniors that they care for. It has sparked crisis after crisis for nearly 20 years, forcing this Congress to pass some 17 temporary measures to undo its faulty math and protect seniors’ access to their trusted doctors. Those 17 patches also served as a readymade vehicle for bigger government. Today, we put a stop to that gravy train, leave the SGR in the past, and begin to put Medicare on the right track. 
doctors who treat them. We repeal the flawed SGR formula and replace it with a bipartisan, bicameral agreement on a new system that promotes innovation and higher quality care. It removes the hassle and worry that so many seniors and physicians face from the cycle of repeated patches. 
Medicare for current and future seniors with structural reforms, which will not only provide cost savings today, but the CBO has confirmed those savings will grow over time. And the budget that we passed last night fully accounts for the cost of those permanent reforms. 
for millions of lowincome families and children by extending the Children’s Health Insurance Program for 2 years. This program provides highquality, affordable coverage for roughly 8 million children and pregnant women and has been an example of sound bipartisan success. 
issue from day one. He came to Congress to solve this problem and, today, we have a bill with his name on it to do just that. 
I also commend the great subcommittee chair, JOEPITTS. Four 
years ago, we embarked together on this effort to end the SGR, and that hard work has brought us to this point. 
and the Health Subcommittee ranking members, Mr. PALLONE , my good 
again, across the aisle from day one. We wouldn’t be standing here together if we hadn’t started together. 
Also, a big thanks to the folks at the 
House Legislative Counsel, CBO, and the committee staff: Clay Alspach, Robert Horne, Josh Trent, Paul Edattel, and Noelle Clemente. 
on the Ways and Means Committee and our leadership on both sides, from JOHN 
us came to Congress to fight for our Nation’s kids, seniors, and their families. Today’s vote is a defining moment 
for this Congress and for Medicare. Those who vote ‘‘no’’ are not only voting against seniors but against the future of the critical safety net. That is why we all need to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
Committee, in support of H.R. 2, a bill led by Dr. MICHAEL BURGESS , and I am 
joined by many of our colleagues, both here in the House and throughout the country. 
problem. Imagine you are a senior. You desperately need to see a doctor, but you learn that there are no local doctors who can treat you because they simply can’t afford to treat Medicare patients. Or they have been throughout the years faced each year with a 10, 20, 30 percent cut in their reimbursements and, as the sole practitioner or as a small business, have rethought their relationship with Medicare and are no longer, frankly, able to do that. That scenario has been played out across this country for far too long. If there is any group in America who needs to see doctors they know and who know them, it is our seniors. 
This bill takes the first real permanent step to ensuring our seniors can see local doctors when they need to see them, and it takes the first real step in saving Medicare not just for these seniors, not just for the next generation, but for generations to come. 
done by the leaders of the Ways and Means Committee; Chairman RYAN; 
and Commerce Committee; our physicians caucus, led by Dr. PHILROEand 
Dr. J OHNFLEMING ; as well as those in 
this Chamber who have come together to make this historic step today. 
This is about taking those first reforms permanently to save Medicare. And it really is about ending a formula and a reimbursement that simply works against our seniors. 
The flawed—they call it the ‘‘sustainable growth rate,’’ it dictates huge cuts to our physicians through Medicare. Congress had to intervene 17 times in recent years to stave off these cuts with shortterm fixes. This flawed formula regularly threatens access to care for seniors and really distracts Congress from making real reforms that are needed. 
face today would repeal that SGR once and for all and replace it with a value based system that provides certainty to our seniors and, really, finally reimburses doctors not on the number of procedures but on the quality they provide, and determined not by Washington but by our local physicians and practitioners themselves. 
only thing this did, is significant. It begins to move its way from that flawed feeforservice system. And it does in a way. The sole practitioner in rural Pennsylvania, as well as a doctor in a major institution in downtown Houston, can both practice to their highest capability and continue to practice until they decide to retire, not until Medicare or some flawed formula encourages them to retire early. 
In addition, this bill has two important reforms, and I think critical reforms, to strengthen the Medicare Program and offset the costs of this measure. Similar reforms have been included in the House Republican budget for years. This is a bipartisan effort to work together with absolute dedication to make sure Medicare is around for our seniors. 
First, it restricts first dollar coverage in Medigap plans. These are bipartisan recommendations experts believe will help reduce unnecessary costs and really strengthen programs over the years. 
Second, the agreement includes increased means testing for premiums in Medicare parts B and D, our doctors, and our medicines, with the wealthiest seniors paying higher premiums. And then there are savings from a broad range of other healthcare providers. 
reform alone will not save Medicare, but it takes us in the right direction for the very important first step, and the savings from this will grow over the long term. 
yet another cycle of shortterm fixes, leaving behind bipartisan structural reforms to Medicare and delaying the opportunity to actually save this program for our seniors. 
the important reform, and we stand up for seniors who need to see doctors. 
Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
was an event really waiting to happen because, a year ago, our committee, Ways and Means, chaired by Dave Camp, alongside the Energy and Commerce and Senate Finance Committees, reached a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to move the physician reimbursement system to one based more on quality, not quantity. This helped pave the way for the package in front of us today, negotiated with the key help of the Speaker and our Leader. 
heads for more than a decade. We have paid close to $170 billion in shortterm patches. With each patch, it becomes harder to find offsets, putting seniors in our healthcare system increasingly at risk. This is being done—and I emphasize that—while maintaining the 
Our approach to paying for this reform is a reasonable one. We are paying for additional benefits, but not to dig out of the hole created by the flawed budget formula. 
improvements across the healthcare landscape. It fully funds a 2year extension of CHIP at the increased level of funding that we included in the Affordable Care Act. It permanently extends the qualifying individual program that pays Medicare premiums for lowincome seniors. It permanently extends the transitional Medicare Medical Assistance Program, which helps Medicaid beneficiaries transitioning back to work to keep their insurance. It secures $7.2 billion in funding for community health centers, ensuring that 7 million Americans who depend on these establishments for care can get it. And it makes progress in fighting fraud and abuse in Medicare. 
a little more time—is to thank the staff. We don’t do that enough. So I want to thank Wendell Primus, Charlene MacDonald, Clay Alspach, and Matt Hoffmann. And, of course, the Ways and Means Committee health staff, particularly Amy Hall and Erin Richardson. 
drafters from the House Legislative Counsel Office, led by Ed Grossman, who I think is here today, along with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Office of Legislation, particularly Ira Burney, who is known for his deep knowledge of Medicare and who helped put the package together in a technically sound manner. And the CBO health team led by Tom Bradley, who worked expeditiously to meet our timetable. 
paying tribute to a Member who is not with us today, who worked for years on these issues, John Dingell of Michigan, for the years he put in protecting and strengthening Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP, including trying to fix SGR. 
strengthening Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP. This is a day where there was common ground, and today we stand on it. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), a successful 
small business person who has provided health care to his more than 100 employees for years, a key leader of the Ways and Means Committee. 
much a doc fix as a senior fix. And while our lives are usually defined by wins and losses, I would think that really in our lives we remember the losses far more than we remember the wins. And the reason I say that is, I have been there for the birth of my four children, and I have celebrated the 
birth of our 10 grandchildren. Those are great moments. But I have also sat by the bedside of my mother, my sister, and my father as they lay dying and were transitioning. 
never truly regain. Those are the times when, if you just had 1 minute left with those folks, wouldn’t you love to have that? Wouldn’t you love to be there with them to give them peace of mind? This bill gives them peace of mind, Mr. Speaker. That is what this bill does. This is a senior fix. 
people as they have passed—both friends and family—what they have wanted at their bedsides at that time is to have their faith with them so that they know they are surrounded by their God, so that they know that where they are going is best, and so that they know that somehow their futures are going to be okay. 
They also want the comfort of knowing that their families are there with them, helping them to get through the toughest parts of their lives, when they are at their most vulnerable, whenever they need the most help. 
want to know that that person who has guided them through the last several months and through their lives—the person they have always gone to for their health care—is going to be there and is not going to be taken away because of some government program that didn’t work. 
House, whether we are Republicans or Democrats—and our gallery is filled with people—we are people who are representing people and the best interests of people. 
truly a senior fix, but it is a fix for the most vulnerable. I can think of nothing that we could do that is more important than giving peace of mind to those who have given so much to us as families, as States, and as a country. This is a brilliant piece of legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. MCDERMOTT ), who is the 
today is, in a sense, an historic event. We are finally putting to rest a problem that has festered around here for as long as I have been here. 
Every year, as the deadline approached, providers faced draconian cuts, and Congress passed an eleventh hour patch that delayed the implementation of SGR. Doctors, patients, Congress—nobody—liked it. Nevertheless, 17 times, we have made temporary fixes. We have spent $174 billion in inadequate ways in dealing with the real problem that SGR was all about, which is cost control. 
This is a first step today. We can celebrate, but we have to go on because cost control is still a question, and we have replaced SGR with a system that we hope will make Medicare pay for value rather than for volume. That is not an issue that is for sure. We know that we are trying it. 
I thought of Franklin Delano Roosevelt, who once said: 
I will try something. If it doesn’t work, I 
looking at the future of cost control in health care. 
though, is that we have gotten back to regular order. The Republicans put this in 16 years ago. Some of us voted ‘‘no’’ because we knew it wouldn’t work, but we had all of our 17 years. Now, we come together to fix it together, and we have to fix things together in this House. Compromise is the essence of what we have here. 
so you understand, I have already had a phone call from a group in Washington State who told me they are going to take me off the board if I vote for this. 
It isn’t as though this is a nice thing 
for one side or the other side. It is a compromise, where some people get what they want and where some people don’t get what they want. Some people think it is not enough, and some think it is too much. 
and that is how the Congress has to work. It is what is going to have to work with the ACA, the Affordable Care Act. It is going to have to work on transportation. It is going to have to work on a whole series of issues if we, as a Congress, are going to function on behalf of the American people. 
This is a great day. This ought to be 
a unanimous vote today. When you look at all of the things that are in it and at all of the things we have dealt with, it ought to be unanimous. My view is that, when you reach a compromise, that is the kind of thing you can expect because nobody in this House ever gets all he wants. Nobody has the right to say: it is my way or the highway. 
American people. We have been damaging the healthcare system with these patches, spending all of that money, and not getting what we want. We hope this is the start of a better day for cost control in health care. Everyone should vote for this. 
am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN), who is a champion in health care 
and whose district has a large number of seniors. 
today in strong support of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
sustained bipartisan work, and, today, we can finish the job. This is a critically important piece of legislation for seniors because it is going to strengthen and preserve the Medicare Program, and it is going to put an end to the perennial drills that threaten seniors’ access to highquality care, the care that they deserve. 
H.R. 2 is a result of bipartisan compromise. I am sure my friends on both sides of the aisle can agree, as my good friend from Oregon identified, that it isn’t perfect, but I am pleased that they will also extend funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Just like our seniors, we need to make sure that our kids have access to high quality, affordable care. We also continue to support community health centers, which provide quality care for those of lesser means. 
patches to avert the SGR’s draconian cuts. These patches avoid crisis, but they don’t do anything to preserve or improve the Medicare Program for current and future seniors, so I am delighted that, together, we can finally forge a lasting solution. 
and for our healthcare workforce; it is a sign that partisan differences in Washington can be bridged to address our biggest challenges. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I hope the Senate will send it to the President and get it signed quickly. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Michigan has 8 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Texas has 7 minutes remaining. 
my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ), a distinguished member of 
gentleman’s courtesy, as I appreciate his leadership on this. 
for the entire debate—of both the Commerce and Ways and Means Committees—and it is really exciting. I was one of those people who didn’t vote for the balanced budget agreement back in the day, but I have been frustrated by this as much as anybody. I had legislation that would just simply reset the baseline, but, actually, this is better. 
Ways and Means, Commerce, and Finance Committees come together for several years and develop a reform that will strengthen opportunities for better payment. It is better because we have seen the minority leader and the Speaker of the House come together to empower the committees to do their job. 
Leader McCarthy when he said this was a good day, and he thinks that this will 
not be the last such day. I sincerely hope that that is the case, that it signals opportunities for us all to go forward. 
things in here like the SCHIP. We have even gotten Secure Rural Schools, funding extended which makes a big difference for people in the West, especially Oregon. 
I am hopeful that we can step forward. We have got another cliff that is facing us in 2 months: the transportation cliff. People are talking about 17 SGR fixes here when we have had 23 short term extensions for the transportation system. 
same spirit of cooperation and bipartisanship and listen to people in the outside world—organized labor, the AFL– CIO, the U.S. chamber, contractors, local government, environmentalists— who are all speaking with one voice: Congress, get your act together; give us funding to be able to fund the transportation bill for the first time in years and rebuild and renew America, to put people to work—and to show the same sort of bipartisan cooperation that I find really invigorating today. 
I hope the next thing we do is have 
the Ways and Means Committee, the committee of jurisdiction, step forward to solve the transportation problem. It is even easier than the SGR. 
years in health care as a nurse and as a smallbusiness owner. 
She is a member of the Doctors Caucus here and is a key leader in health care on the Ways and Means Committee. 
who is someone who has worked tirelessly on this issue and who is a leader on our healthcare committee. 
of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
permanent solution to strengthen the Medicare Program that our Nation’s seniors and their doctors rely on. It would repeal the flawed SGR formula that dictates draconian cuts to Medicare reimbursements, and it would do so in a fiscally responsible way that would provide important offset savings. 
billion on shortterm fixes that has staved off these cuts without making the real reforms that are needed, and this cycle has done nothing to address the real problems of our entitlement spending. 
I have been a nurse for more than 40 
years, as has been said, and I know that you can’t put a bandaid on a problem that needs to be corrected by surgery. The problems impacted and affected by these looming cuts were my patients and my colleagues. 
I urge this body to end the SGR crisis 
once and for all. Adopt these structural reforms, and help us move forward together to strengthen Medicare for today’s seniors and tomorrow’s retirees. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), a very vocal 
leader, Mr. L EVIN: you guys did a great 
job in keeping us together, and I think the words that I will take away are what Dr. BURGESS said about this being 
from Mars today into this Chamber, he would be shocked by the camaraderie. This is great. This is a good feeling. You have got to admit it is a good feeling. I know it is before Palm Sunday, but I have got a good feeling today, on Thursday. 
very good precedent for revitalizing the integrity of this Congress, of this institution. We here, Mr. BRADY and Mr. 
We love to hear ourselves. You know that. It is part of the DNA of being a 
and we actually listened to each other. That is shocking. If we can rise above our own attempts to be ideologues, we can accomplish a hell of a lot here for the people of the United States. They deserve no less. 
SGR ends the constant looming of deep payment cuts to Medicare physicians, which, as we have heard, jeopardizes the participation in the program and jeopardizes seniors’ access to their doctors. As a result of this law, our Medicare payment system will finally be rooted in the quality of services provided as opposed to the quantity, results rather than fee for service. 
my colleagues to vote for this legislation. It is good for America. 
am proud to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ), a 
new Member of Congress who is passionate about health care, reforming Medicare, and helping seniors. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015, and I would like to thank the Committee on Ways and Means and Committee on Energy and Commerce for taking bold leadership on such a critical issue. 
cap on physician services passed into law in 1997 to control spending. Unfortunately, the SGR formula is fundamentally broken. Since 2003, Congress has spent nearly $150 billion in 17 separate shortterm patches to prevent significant Medicare reimbursement rate cuts. This uncertainty is detrimental to providing our seniors and our doctors with the confidence that they deserve. 
outdated SGR formula and replaces it with a new permanent system that rewards quality and value and guarantees stability to Medicare beneficiaries and the physicians providing their treatment. 
thank our leaders for allowing us to have this special moment. Today, the American people have the Congress that they deserve, a Congress that is focused on advancing an agenda that can make the American people proud. Let us continue walking down this path together. 
Speaker, it takes a lot of time, energy, effort, hard work, and study to become a physician. I think they ought to be adequately compensated for the services they provide, especially when they serve the most needy health population in our country—our senior citizens. 
We call this the doctor fix, but it is 
really not about the doctor fix. It is about fixing health care. It is about CHIP. It is about community health centers that serve more than 23 million low and moderateincome citizens each and every year. It is about the National Health Service Corps training physicians. It is about the home visiting program. 
I represent a district that has 24 hospitals, four outstanding medical schools, and so we train and educate many doctors, nurses, and other health personnel. 
This is not just a good day for the 
doctors; it is a good day for health care, and it is a good day for America. 
and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 is a bill that determines how doctors get adequate pay for providing medical services to Medicare recipients. For the past 12 years, the Medicare sustainable growth rate (SGR) formula has impeded stability in the Medicare program for providers and beneficiaries. Seventeen times Congress have done short term fixes, known as patches, that range from 3 to 12 months. Physicians should and deserve equitable reimbursement and not a lower reimbursement rate for the services they provide to our seniors. This is one of the leading reasons why physicians are leaving their practice or not accepting Medicare patients. We should repeal SGR and establish a legislative longterm fix that offers payment stability for our doctors. H.R. 2 will do just that and allow doctors to develop longterm strategic planning for their practice and time to invest in electronic health information technology and other medical systems to improve access and quality care for their patients. 
Now is the time to capitalize on the lower 
offset now projected for the permanent repeal of the SGR formula otherwise failure to do so may cause problems for many providers to see Medicare patients. Ten thousand new enrollees enter Medicare each day. Access to physicians will suffer for the Medicare population as the gap between payments and practice costs continue to grow. H.R. 2 fully fund the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) for two years. CHIP is a partnership between the federal government and the States to provide healthcare coverage for over eight million children. Also, this legislation extends funding for two years to Community Health Centers to avoid draconian cuts to their services and operations in their communities. Community health centers play a critical role in the delivery of care to our most financially and medically vulnerable populations, and thus play an instrumental role in efforts to achieve health equity. Health centers serve one in seven Medicaid beneficiaries, one in seven uninsured, and one in three individuals living below poverty. African Americans, Asians/Hawaiians/Pacific Islanders, American Indians/Alaskan Natives, and persons with multiracial and ethnic backgrounds account for 36 percent of all health center patients. Approximately 34 percent of health center patients are Hispanic/Latino, and health centers serve one in four racial and ethnic minorities living in poverty. 
Community health centers are a local solution to the delivery of primary care—which is precisely how care works best—and services that are tailored to meet local needs, specific to each community. Health centers save the health care system money by keeping patients out of costlier health care settings, coordinating care amongst providers of different health disciplines, and effectively managing chronic conditions. Recent independent research shows that health centers currently save the health care system $24 billion annually in reduced emergency, hospital, and specialty care costs, including an estimated $6 billion annually in combined state and federal Medicaid savings. Despite serving traditionally atrisk populations, community health centers meet or exceed national practice standards for chronic condition treatment and ensure that their patients receive more recommended screening and health promotion services than patients of other providers. Health centers also have a substantial and positive economic impact on their communities. In 2009 alone, health centers across the country generated $20 billion in total economic benefit and produced 189,158 jobs in the nation’s most economically challenged neighborhoods. 
program, which I worked in a bipartisan and bicameral way in Congress to establish a national program that serves approximately 115,000 parents and children. Under this legislation this program will be extended to improve child health, child development, and readiness to learn. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in full support of H.R. 2 
and encourage all my colleagues to vote for this bill. 
I include in the RECORD a list of over 
100 healthcare organizations throughout America—and growing—who support the passage of this legislation today. I would like to point out that these represent physicians and healthcare providers who truly want to treat our seniors, to see them when they need to see them, but can’t today because of the way Medicare pays them. 
So we start with a fresh start, and I 
enter into the RECORD this list. Alliance for Academic Internal Medicine 
(AAIM); AMDA The Society for PostAcute and LongTerm Care Medicine American Academy of Allergy, Asthma, and Immunology (AAAAI); American Academy of Dermatology Association; American Academy of Family Physicians; American Academy of Neurology (AAN); American Academy of Ophthalmology; American Academy of Pediatrics; American Action Forum; American Association for the Study of Liver Diseases (AASLD); American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE); American Association of Neurological Surgeons/Congress of Neurological Surgeons; American Association of Nurse Anesthetists; American Association of Nurse Practitioners (AANP); American Association of Orthopedic Surgeons; American College of Allergy, Asthma and Immunology (ACAAI); American College of Cardiology (ACC); American College of Chest Physicians (CHEST); American College of Physicians (ACP); American College of Radiology. 
American College of Surgeons; American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists; American Gastroenterological Association (AGA); American Geriatrics Society (AGS); American Health Care Association; American Hospital Association; American Medical Association; American Medical Society for Sports Medicine (AMSSM); American Osteopathic Association (AOA); American Society for Blood and Marrow Transplantation (ASBMT); American Society for Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ASGE); American Society for Radiation. Oncology (ASTRO); American Society of Clinical Oncology; American Society of Hematology (ASH); American Society of Nephrology (ASN); American Thoracic Society (ATS); Americans for Tax Reform; Association of Departments of Family Medicine; Association of Family Medicine Residency Directors. 
Aurora Health Care; Billings Clinic; Bipartisan Policy Center; California Medical Association; Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); College of American Pathologists; Digestive Health Physicians Association; Endocrine Society (ES); Essentia Health; Federation of American Hospitals; Grace Marie Turner for the Galen Institute; Greater New York Hospital Association; Gundersen Health System; HealthCare Association of New York State; Healthcare Leadership Council; Healthcare Quality Coalition; HealthPartners; HealthSouth; Hospital Sisters Health System; Infectious Diseases Society of America (IDSA). 
Louisiana Rural Health Association; LUGPA; March of Dimes; Marshfield Clinic Health System; Mayo Clinic; McFarland Clinic PC; Medical Group Management Association; Mercy Health; Military Officers Association of America (MOAA); Minnesota Hospital Association; Minnesota Medical Association; National Association of Community Health Centers; National Association of Spine Specialists; National Association of Urban Hospitals; National Coalition on Health Care; National Retail Federation; North American Primary Care Research Group; Novo Nordisk. 
Health Systems; PhRMA; Premier Inc.; Renal Physicians Association; Rural Wisconsin Health Cooperative; Society for Adolescent Health and Medicine (SAHM); Society of Critical Care Medicine (SCCM); Society of General Internal Medicine (SGIM); Society of Teachers of Family Medicine; Tennessee Medical Association; Texas Medical Association; The 60 Plus Association; The American College of Gastroenterology; The Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania; The Iowa Clinic; The Society 
Wisconsin Collaborative for Healthcare Quality; Wisconsin Health and Educational Facilities Authority; Wisconsin Hospital Association; Wisconsin Medical Society. 
minute to the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
thank the distinguished gentleman from Michigan and my friend from Texas, and what a celebration of Members coming together, Republicans and Democrats. 
ensure and insist that I am here to protect seniors and to ensure that the vote taken today does not undermine the protection of Medicaid and Medicare, in particular Medicare for our seniors, and that any vote does not in any way hinder those and provide a burden for those who cannot pay. 
This provides a pathway for providing for our medical providers with the SGR fix; it provides seniors with quality healthcare services so they can go to the doctor they want; and, yes, it provides quality funding for our children and for our lowincome families. 
health clinics, and coming from the city of Houston with the Texas Medical Center, there are a lot of doctors. Those doctors serve the poor and they serve seniors, and I want to make sure they are able to do so. The CHIP program will be protected that has been a vital program to provide for those families for our children to be healthy. 
America. I am delighted to support this, and we are going to help physicianowned hospitals and look forward to a better day. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2, the 
‘‘Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015,’’ and the underlying bill. 
Physician Payment System and incentivizes quality care for seniors, children and low incomefamilies. 
I thank Chairman RYAN and Ranking Member L EVIN for their work in shepherding this 
I support the bill before us because it protects our seniors, our children, lowincome families, and equitably compensates physicians who provide critically needed health services. 
This bipartisan legislation represents a significant achievement because it reforms Medicare’s payment system and maintains critical funding for health care for millions of seniors, lowincome children, and families. 
Compensating our medical providers adequately to enable them to continue providing much needed services to our seniors is a moral imperative. 
Providing critical healthcare funding for children and low income families is also a moral imperative. Physicians from my congressional district in 
Texas, and others across the country, serve and provide remarkable healthcare to our seniors, children, and low income families. 
The 70,000 seniors in my congressional district are entitled to the security that comes from knowing that healthcare will be available to them when they need it the most. 
The 4.4 million low income families and children in the state of Texas and the 130,000 children in Harris County will benefit from this bill because it provides the resources needed to improve their quality of health. 
It is important that physicians who are willing to serve our seniors, children, and low income families not have to go broke doing so. 
Mr. Speaker, let me briefly list several of the 
more important aspects of this bill which I wholeheartedly support: 
For our seniors, the bill repeals the sustainable growth rate (also known as SGR) formula and phases in a value based payment system for physicians serving Medicare patients for the quality of care they provide. 
families, the new payment incentives in the bill encourage physicians to move towards alternative payment models such as bundled payment and shared savings which foster alignment of highquality and cost effective healthcare. 
This bill extends the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP, for two years. 
and 130,000 in Harris County, will benefit from this bill. 
bill maintain policies and funding that does not include detrimental policies or cuts. 
This funding supports evidencebased programs that have been proven to reduce health care costs, improve school readiness, and increase family selfsufficiency and economic security. 
funded community health centers located in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and six U.S. territories, distributed evenly between urban and rural areas, that serve 28 million patients. 
93 percent of patients served have incomes below 200 percent of the federal poverty line. 
visits to community health centers were for primary medical care. 
patients—including 4.3 million women provided by this bill would lose access to health care. 
This bill permanently corrects Medicare payments to physicians an provides muchneeded certainty and stability to the Medicare program. 
Importantly, the bill provides financial incentives to reinforce the country’s path toward a health care system that rewards value and quality of care. 
step in the right direction in Medicare payment reform and ensures continued funding that improves the health and welfare of millions of 
flawed Medicare physician payment system; incentivizes quality and value for our seniors; and extends coverage for our children and low income families. 
know Mr. LEVIN has additional speakers, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. LEVIN. I yield myself the balance of my time. 
moment. As I look back, it has been decade after decade of a struggle for health care for all Americans, a real struggle. 
Today, we have legislation that covers kids from infancy through seniors, for seniors throughout their years. That is the importance, really, of these provisions. I simply want to express, I think, the feeling of so many of us on this side. So we have this moment of coming together, and I hope in the days ahead that these notes of harmony will not be disturbed by notes of dissonance. We owe more, and all the bodies, all the institutions owe it to the people of this country to continue on this path so what should be a right is a reality. 
I don’t think anybody in this institution can imagine going to bed any night worried about having health care, and the same for their families, their kids, and their grandchildren. I hope we will take these few minutes when we come together and reassert 
the importance in this country of joining together so that everybody from birth until their last days has the ability to have what is so precious—the ability to have access to health care. I hope that is the significance of this vote. I hope, as a result, it will be a very strong vote, and I think it is a vote for health care for every American. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. I yield myself 
with being passionate about your ideas and principles, and nowhere is that more evident than in health care. When you can find, though, common ground on those principles that help our seniors, encourage our doctors to treat them, and make the first reforms to really save Medicare for the long term, we ought to do that. That is what this bill does. 
far as our lawmakers. We have dedicated staff who came together to work out the tough issues for us as well. On behalf of the Committee on Ways and Means Chairman PAUL RYAN and myself, I would like to thank our staff on the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Health—Matt Hoffmann, Brett Baker, Amy Hall, and Erin Richardson—for their tremendous work. 
common ground, and for Speaker B OEHNER, Charlotte Ivancic, and for Leader 
as well as legislative counsel; and for the Congressional Budget Office, Tom Bradley and Holly Harvey contributed greatly to this day. 
just retired from Continental, now United, walked over to my front porch and told me that after years of seeing his local doctor, his local doctor can’t see him anymore because he can’t afford to treat Medicare patients. 
for illnesses—I had an ear infection, and my local doctor I have known since he started his practice snuck me in at 6 at night. His staff had been there since 8 in the morning working and just looked frazzled. He just said, look, he doesn’t drive a fancy car, doesn’t live in a fancy home; he doesn’t have a fancy office; he just wants to help treat patients. But this formula just makes it harder and harder for him. My main physician, who is 66, told me the other day that he would like to practice for 5 more years. He said: I think probably just 1 more year. He said: I can’t handle the way Medicare pays today. 
Look, we can’t allow that to continue. Today, a simple question on this bill: Will you stand with our seniors, who need to see a local doctor and a doctor they know? Will you stand with our doctors, who want to treat our seniors, who don’t want to retire early or sell out to larger institutions? Will you take the first real step to save Medicare for the long term? That is the question we face today. 
those who have come together on this bill, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this measure. 
here’s what it all comes down to: This is a step toward patientcentered health care. 
And the way to do that is to reward what 
That’s what it means to have a patientcentered system. That’s how you strengthen Medicare. 
So what we say to doctors is, ‘‘From now 
on, we’re going to reward quality work. Do a good job, make people better, keep them out of the hospital, and you’ll get paid more.’’ 
I think we all can agree that’s better than 
And we can all agree that’s better than one 
Now I want to add that we make a couple 
of other good reforms in this bill. These reforms will save money. And those 
And we tell Medicare to share data with experts to help providers figure out what works. 
You all know I think we have a long way to 
I think this is just a start. But this is a firm step in the right direction. It’s a firm step toward a patientcentered 
And I ask all my colleagues to support it. 
your letter regarding H.R. 1021, Protecting the Integrity of Medicare Act of 2015, which was ordered reported by the Committee on Ways and Means on February 26, 2015. I appreciate your decision to facilitate prompt consideration of the bill by the full House. I understand that by foregoing a markup of the bill, the Committee on Energy and Commerce is not waiving its interest in the provisions within its jurisdiction. 
Per your request, I will include a copy of 
our exchange of letters with respect to H.R. 1021 in the Congressional Record during House consideration of this bill. We appreciate your cooperation and look forward to working with you as this bill moves through the Congress. 
rise today to express my disappointment that Hyde Amendment language was included in H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
The Hyde Amendment, which prohibits federal funding for abortion, has prevented women from accessing needed reproductive health care for decades. While the Hyde Amendment remains in law through the yearly appropriations process, every attempt to insert Hyde Amendment language into other legislation damages efforts to protect women’s health. 
It is unfortunate that today’s historic bipartisan deal—which will strengthen Medicare for millions of Floridians—was used as a vehicle to chip away at women’s access to reproductive health care. Every woman deserves the right to make her own personal health decisions. 
to thank our leaders for working so tirelessly to find a compromise to fix the SGR. For too many years this arbitrary budget device has worked to up end Medicare doctors and patients alike, creating turmoil when what was needed was common sense. Thankfully, today common sense wins out. 
But I have to say as well that I am 
disappointed that the bill includes unnecessary language on restricting women’s reproductive rights. The inclusion of a statutory reference to the Hyde amendment is bothersome in the least and very possibly a dangerous precedentsetting salvo by antichoice opponents to codify the Hyde language. Mr. Speaker, I don’t understand why 
Hyde had to be referenced at all in this bill. Everyone already knows that community health centers are already subject to Hyde restrictions. Including it in this SGR bill is redundant. Unfortunately, it is all too typical of this Tea Partyinfused Congress to sow discord rather than accommodation. Adding the Hyde language to the bill only causes heartburn in a bill that could much more easily have satisfied our hunger for bipartisanship. 
today in support of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. This legislation is a long overdue remedy to the flawed Medicare physician payment formula known as the Sustainable Growth Rate, or SGR. I look forward to putting an end to the temporary patches that Congress has repeatedly passed in place of a permanent fix. 
Replacing the SGR and bringing predictability to Medicare will encourage more providers to enter and remain in the program, which in turn will improve health care access and affordability for seniors. Additionally, H.R. 2 marks an important shift from feefor service payments to a system that rewards quality outcomes. 
This bill also includes several important reauthorizations to crucial programs, including the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the Qualifying Individual program, and the Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting Program. Although I would have supported a longer authorization of CHIP, which would bring more certainty to our states and the children and families they serve through the program, I hope we can work together during the next two years to develop a strong authorization before it expires in two years. 
I am also very pleased that this legislation includes an extension of the Secure Rural Schools and Community SelfDetermination Act. Hundreds of jurisdictions across the country—including timberdependent counties all across Oregon—rely on this essential funding for their schools, government services, and law enforcement. 
Lastly, H.R. 2 provides continued authorization for Community Health Centers, which provide important services in underserved communities. Although support for community health centers will prevent millions of patients from losing access to primary care, the funding will unfortunately remain subject to the Hyde Amendment—a harmful provision that undermines women’s health. I am deeply troubled with the continuation of this public law. 
set in this bill where we will begin charging some seniors more for their premiums. Medicare, like Social Security, is an earned benefit paid for over a lifetime. 
will support this bipartisan legislation. Congress must preserve access to primary care for vulnerable individuals 
Medicare for our seniors. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this comprehensive legislation and permanently fix the SGR. 
House has an opportunity to make historic reforms to Medicare that will provide certainty to doctors and patients across the country. 
I spent 30 years practicing as a heart surgeon, fighting to save lives on the operating table every day. 
patches and extensions injects tremendous uncertainty into the process, making it much more difficult to run a successful practice. 
Last week, I stood with a bipartisan group of 
Representatives and Senators to introduce the replacement legislation under consideration. 
This bill repeals the unworkable SGR, consolidates duplicative programs, and improves transparency for patients and doctors. It is a historic solution to a problem that has plagued doctors and providers for over a decade. 
full repeal of the unworkable Medicare outpatient therapy cap, something I’ve introduced legislation to address and will continue to work with my colleagues to make this law. 
But today, it’s time for Congress to do what 
we are elected to do: come together, find common ground, and pass a solution. 
this broken system in years—let’s not bypass this moment. 
support of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act, which repeals once and for all the flawed Medicare physician reimbursement formula, known as the SGR, and replaces it with a payment system based on quality of care, value and accountability. 
$170 billion on shortterm patches to temporarily avoid cuts under the SGR. This bipartisan, bicameral agreement will finally stabilize payments for medical providers and remove the persistent threat of rate cuts that have jeopardized access to care for our seniors. 
twoyear extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Although I would have preferred to see CHIP extended for four years, this measure allows us to take immediate action instead of waiting until the program expires in September, providing certainty to states like Rhode Island that are preparing their budgets for next year, while ensuring that over eight million children continue receiving the health coverage they need at increased funding levels set forth under the Affordable Care Act. 
I am also pleased to see the inclusion of 
over $7 billion for community health centers that provide front line care to millions of families across the country, as well as $620 million for the National Health Service Corps and $120 million for Teaching Health Centers. 
includes provisions I do not support, such as reforms to Medigap deductibles for new Medicare beneficiaries beginning in 2020. However, this measure seeks to protect our most vulnerable citizens by permanently extending 
the Qualifying Individual (QI) program that helps lowincome seniors pay their Medicare Part B premiums, and the Transitional Medical Assistance (TMA) program that assists families on Medicaid maintain their coverage for one year as they transition from welfare to work. 
decadelong cycle of annual SGR patches, restore certainty Medicare providers, and extend vital health care programs our constituents depend on. I am pleased that members on both sides of the aisle have come together to address this issue, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and provide continued health security for our seniors, children and families 
of H.R. 2, the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. 
was in the midst of a culture of excess—excessive spending, excessive regulation and excessive government. 
and replace Medicare’s SGR, an outdated reimbursement system that for over a decade Congress has passed patch after patch to fix the flawed formula while hiding the true state of Medicare. 
steps to change spending and improve health care for America. 
Today, we are voting to enact policy and reforms that generate savings and finally incentivize quality of care over quantity. 
I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2. Mr. VAN HOLLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today 
in support of H.R. 2, Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act. This bill is not perfect but on its whole, it extends critical funding to ensure that kids in the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) don’t lose access to health insurance and to keep community health centers open to serve hardworking American families. It funds the successful Home Visiting Program, makes permanent a program to assist lowincome seniors afford their Medicare premiums, and supports families on Medicaid who are transitioning to work. On top of preventing massive cuts to these programs, the legislation replaces a flawed payment system that wasn’t working for people in Medicare, their physicians, or taxpayers. 
funding for CHIP for two years—I don’t think the bill goes far enough. As a longtime supporter of CHIP, I advocated to extend funding for four years and included a fouryear extension in the budget I offered in the House. House Democratic leadership fought for a fouryear extension but was met with resistance from Republicans who have made quite clear that they would rather roll back coverage for kids in CHIP. Despite the twoyear compromise, I’m pleased that the legislation funds CHIP at current levels and maintains the safeguards we set in the Affordable Care Act (ACA) to ensure coverage for every eligible child in the nation. Failure to pass this bill and fund CHIP would cause millions of kids to become uninsured or lose access to services, or would cause their parents to face higher out ofpocket costs. 
funding for community health centers which provide primary care to families, seniors, people with disabilities, and veterans in Maryland 
and across the nation. Health centers keep people healthy and working by responding to the unique needs of their communities, create goodpaying jobs, and train the next generation of the health care workforce. Without this bill, funding for health centers would be cut by 70 percent and over 7 million Americans could be at risk of losing critical health services. Not funding very costeffective health providers is irresponsible and unfair to hardworking American families. 
colleagues would have liked to hijack this bill for their arsenal in their unending assault on women’s health. If you need any evidence, just look at what Republicans did in the Senate trying to use the human trafficking bill to expand the Hyde amendment to permanent funds and nontaxpayer funds. I applaud the Democratic Senators blocking that Republican antichoice effort. Let me be clear; this bill does not do that. I worked with Leader PELOSI  
and the cochairs of the House ProChoice Caucus, of which I am a member, to counter attempts to codify the Hyde amendment. As a result, this bill continues the current policy for funding for community health centers. Just like the Hyde language included in annual appropriations bills, the provision is limited to taxpayer funds and temporary—terminating when the funding expires in 2017. I strongly share the ongoing concerns of the reproductive health community and I remain deeply committed to protecting a woman’s fundamental right to choose her health care. 
Finally, the bill repeals and replaces a deeply flawed physician payment system for paying physicians that basically penalizes doctors for participating in Medicare. For more than ten years, doctors have faced the threat of steep rate cuts required by a mindless formula in the law. Congress has repeatedly adopted short term patches to prevent these cuts from taking effect. This crisisdriven approach to paying physicians makes it difficult for doctors to participate in Medicare, which ultimately is unfair to their patients—the seniors and disabled workers who rely on Medicare for access to the health care services they need. The bill rights this wrong with a smarter physician payment system that improves quality of care for people with Medicare. 
Congress must move forward with this bipartisan agreement to protect the health of America’s families, children and seniors. I urge support H.R. 2. 
support of the Medicare and CHIP Reauthorization Act, H.R. 2. 
I commend Energy and Commerce Chairman FREDUPTON and ranking member F RANK  
PALLONE as well as Ways and Means Chairman P AULRYANand ranking member S ANDER  
LEVIN for their hard work in putting this bill together. 
of the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 but has proven to be far less than sustainable. 
In fact, according to the Congressional Research Service, since 2003 Congress passed 17 laws overriding the SGRmandated reductions in the Medicare physician fee schedule. 
This bill may not be perfect but it seems to 
strike enough compromises that many of us are willing to support a good bill rather than hold out for a perfect one. 
I am particularly pleased that the bill includes a two year extension of the Health Center Fund, which will provide an additional $3.6 billion per year to the nation’s community health centers. 
expand the health centers program and increase access to care, the fund is set to expire after 2015. 
facing a 70% cut in funding which would force devastating reductions and closures at many of the more than 9,000 health centers nationwide. 
We simply cannot allow that to happen. Community health centers are critical to the 
health care equation, meeting the needs of approximately 23 million people every year. They provide access to primary and preventative health services that keep patients from seeking or eventually needing more costly care. And that benefits all of us. 
are located in every corner of our country and are distributed evenly between urban and rural areas. I am fortunate in my own district to have 7 community health centers treating more than one hundred thousand patients every year. In fact, as we recognize the 50th anniversary of our health centers, I am proud to acknowledge that the first community health center in the United States, Geiger Gibson, is located in my district. 
Democrat and Republican, young and old, black, white or brown. they are vital to all our communities, and that is why this program has strong bipartisan support. 
Act or not, I think we all can agree that access to affordable health care helps to keep health costs down. Our community health centers provide that access. They are doing a terrific job for people across the nation. 
centers and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on passage of the bill will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 392, nays 37, not voting 4, as follows: [Roll No. 144] 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek 
Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blumenauer Boehner Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty 
Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick 
Kline Knight Kuster LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Pascrell Paulsen Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Reed 
Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schock Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Blum Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Buck Cooper DeSantis DesJarlais Garrett Gohmert Graves (GA) Grothman Huelskamp 
Hultgren Issa Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan King (IA) Labrador Loudermilk Lummis Marchant Massie McClintock 
Meadows Mulvaney Nadler Palmer Ratcliffe Sanford Schakowsky Schweikert Sensenbrenner Visclosky 
So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. 
The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
legislation that will put an end to the flawed Medicare sustainable growth rate, the socalled doc fix, and extend the Children’s Health Insurance Program. 
used a bandaid to address the sustainable growth rate, rather than offering permanent reforms. Having served in a nonprofit health care setting for nearly three decades, I experienced firsthand the uncertainty and the anxiety that patients and their providers experienced annually, wondering if draconian cuts to reimbursements would occur. This bipartisan, permanent solution will replace the sustainable growth rate with a more stable system that will ensure our seniors do not lose access to their healthcare providers. 
means perfect, but it is a move in the right direction for children, seniors, and our medical providers. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
passed a bipartisan bill that addressed an issue, as the previous speaker said, that needed to be addressed. 
Court handed down a decision in Alabama Legislative Black Caucus v. Alabama which ought to give every Member pause regarding the position that Federal voting protections are no longer needed to ensure that all Americans can register and vote. 
The Court found that Alabama legislators may have drawn congressional districts after the last census in a manner that diluted the voting strength of African American citizens. The Court raised disturbing questions, Mr. Speaker, about how African Americans are represented in Alabama’s congressional districts and returned the case to a lower court for further consideration. 
prides itself on its unflinching willingness to confront its sins of segregation and voter suppression that kept millions of Americans from participating equally for generations. 
marked the 50th anniversary of the Selma marchers finally reaching Montgomery. Such anniversaries are reminders of how much—or how little progress—we have made to realize the principles and rights embodied in our Constitution. 
urge us to proceed, as we did today, in a bipartisan fashion to restore the Voting Rights Act to its full force and effect to protect all Americans. And I urge my colleagues to work together to bring the bipartisan Voting Rights Amendment Act to the floor and restore the full power of the Voting Rights Act without delay. We acted in a bipartisan fashion 
today. Let’s do it tomorrow on the Voting Rights Act. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Brain Awareness Week. 
around the world reached out to students and the public with educational activities that helped illustrate the wonders of the human brain. Since 1996, organizations around the world have come together during Brain Awareness Week to inform us about brain research and brain awareness, about brain disorders and diseases that affect nearly 100 million Americans. 
supported a number of projects that have led to discoveries in neuroscience. These projects include gene editing that allows scientists to understand the biological origins of complex brain disorders and provide new potential treatments. On another front, increasing the resolution of optical microscopes has allowed scientists to view the brain in more detail and helped them understand Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease. 
supporting Brain Awareness Week and to support researchers in their own districts who are working to improve public health worldwide. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
just witnessed an opportunity that should not be singular, and that is the coming together of Members of the United States Congress to address some very important issues. 
I have already spoken on the importance of providing for the Children’s Health Insurance Program that this legislation, H.R. 2, has provided for and securing Medicare for our seniors and ensuring funding for our federally qualified health clinics, the very clinics that I advocated for so many years ago. And we have seen a growth in them. The ones that are in my congressional district, they opened their doors to lowincome and those without insurance in years past. 
We are trying to get in front of the 
issue and the crisis of health care in America. But I want to make sure that as we pass this legislation, we do not forget physicianowned hospitals, which are prevalent in the State of Texas, and there are many in my neighborhood. These are doctors who have sacrificed to open the doors of hospitals in lowincome areas. It is important for CMS to make sure that their applications are expeditiously and efficiently reviewed and that they 
have the opportunity to expand. This is language that we have put into the Affordable Care Act so the doors of these hospitals can remain open to the sick and those who are in neighborhoods where access to health care is not strong. 
push forward on good health care in America and to help physicianowned hospitals in the way that they should be under the Affordable Care Act. 
today to honor the life of a longtime friend, Mary Edwards, a State Democratic executive committeewoman and board member for Tarrant County Stonewall Democrats. 
town next to Paris, and moved to Fort Worth with her family when she was a kid. 
others and making a difference to anyone she came across. I can personally attest to the leadership and activism she displayed throughout the years in the Fort Worth community, as well as when she worked alongside longtime former State Representative Lon Burnam. 
the community. She was very active in the LGBT community and was very proud of her work. She was also a member of the Communications Workers of America. And she was very active in the neighborhood that she lived in. 
her younger brother, Longe, and her niece, whom she greatly adored. 
going to be sad to go to the Democratic meetings and pull up into the parking lot and not see Mary’s big red truck there. But I can attest to you that while Mary was here, on this side, she did everything she could to make life better for others and truly, truly cared for the community. 
Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Texas. Mr. Speaker, the U.S. Congress relies upon inspectors general, IGs, as a key component of the Federal accountability community. When IGs themselves engage in illegal, unethical, or inappropriate behavior, Congress has an obligation to investigate them. 
on Science, Space, and Technology launched a bipartisan investigation of 
General Todd Zinser. The evidence the committee obtained regarding Mr. Zinser’s personal misconduct and professional mismanagement of his office is overwhelming. 
Any one of the multiple issues highlighted in my extended remarks would be sufficient to justify the removal of this IG. This serious step is made necessary by the abundant and deeply disturbing evidence that I am making public today. It gives me no pleasure to provide this account to the Congress, but I believe it is my obligation to report on what we have found. 
Todd J. Zinser has been the Inspector General of the Department of Commerce (DOC) since December 2007. Prior to his present post, he served as Acting IG and Deputy IG at the Department of Transportation’s Office of Inspector General (OIG). He has had a thirty year career in the federal accountability community. 
IG’s office to identify and investigate issues of waste, fraud, abuse and mismanagement within agencies under the Committee’s jurisdiction, including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), which encompasses the National Weather Service (NWS) and National Hurricane Center, as well as the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST). The Committee also has wide ranging oversight jurisdiction over all nonmilitary research and development, which touches upon other components of the Department of Commerce. 
Issues relating to Mr. Zinser’s conduct in office first came to the attention of the Committee in 2012. As some of you may recall, the Chief Financial Officer at the National Weather Service was removed after it was found that he had established an improper and illegal process for moving tens of millions of dollars across appropriated accounts at NWS in violation of the Antideficiency Act. Subsequently, the thenhead of the NWS also retired as a result of this scandal. The Committee learned of this improper conduct the same way the rest of the world did: we read about it in the Washington Post on May 28, 2012. 
by the Inspector General Act to notify Congress when they become aware of significant problems in their agency. The Inspector General Act of 1978 as amended says very clearly that it is a purpose of the establishment of inspector generals that they are ‘‘to provide a means for keeping the head of the establishment and the Congress fully and currently informed about problems and deficiencies relating to the administration of’’ that agency. 
General shall report immediately to the head of the establishment involved whenever the Inspector General becomes aware of particularly serious or flagrant problems, abuses, or deficiencies relating to the administration of programs and operations of such establishment. The head of the establishment shall transmit any such report to the appropriate committees or subcommittees of Congress within seven calendar days, together with a report by the head of the establishment containing any comments such head deems appropriate.’’ Mr. Zinser never suggested that he had followed this provision and there is no evidence that the IG ever communicated any report to the 
Secretary of Commerce regarding ongoing violations of the Antideficiency Act within the National Weather Service. 
In this case, Mr. Zinser did not notify our 
Committee by any means that NWS had been running a huge, illegal accounting scam. That failure to notify came as a grave disappointment to me and to other Members of the Committee. When staff met with Mr. Zinser to understand what had happened in this case, and the role of his office in the investigation, they were astonished to learn that in November 2011 the IG had concluded that a violation of the Antideficiency Act had likely occurred. That meant that the IG went six months without mentioning this significant matter to the Congress, letting us instead learn of the issue in the press. 
In that meeting with staff, Mr. Zinser disclosed that he had no idea that his office had received multiple tips regarding financial misconduct at NWS. He admitted that his office had actually misplaced some of these allegations. The Commerce OIG received its first of several Hotline complaints about this issue in June 2010. Mr. Zinser also claimed he had no idea that his audit staff were conducting an examination of these allegations until a memorandum on the topic—eleven months in the making—hit his desk on November 18, 2011. It seemed impossible that, with his years of experience, he would have established a system for receiving whistleblower tips that could actually lose those tips. It also seemed impossible that he could not know that his staff was conducting a ‘‘preliminary audit’’ on matters involving possible illegal activity by one of the top officials at the NWS. 
At the time, his office only had about 120 
employees and misconduct at the National Weather Service would be a very, very high profile matter. Even if Mr. Zinser’s account is true—and my staff have gathered significant evidence that Mr. Zinser is actually a micromanager who has been personally involved in assignments of hotline complaints and held weekly reviews of ongoing work at the time, back in 2011—such failings suggest an extraordinary lack of personal engagement in the work of his office and a serious lack of competence in Mr. Zinser’s management of significant, potentially criminal, allegations. 
in this meeting was that Mr. Zinser declined to conduct a formal investigation into these financial improprieties even after he said he became aware of them. Instead, the IG gave the investigation back to the agency. Given the vast scope of the financial shenanigans that occurred at NWS over many years, it is reasonable to question whether others in the agency knew about this conduct or played some role in allowing it to go on. In letting the agency essentially investigate itself on this violation of the law, the IG created a situation where there could have been a coverup. In the end, the agency’s report on this incident found only one official—the NWS Chief Financial Officer—to have been responsible for years of illegal accounting practices. 
IGs exist to carry out investigations precisely when allegations of illegal activity have been made. Members and staff found it impossible to understand why the IG had failed in what can only be described as a ‘‘core responsibility’’ to investigate this misconduct and to keep the Congress informed. My staff has posed this scenario to several other IGs who 
work at agencies in our jurisdiction, every one of them has said they would never have given such an investigation back to the agency. Such a decision is inexplicable. 
law, to inform the Congress of significant issues at his agency, or to effectively manage his own office led to doubts among Committee Members regarding Mr. Zinser’s reliability as an IG. As a result, our staff began to examine the work of Mr. Zinser’s office in more detail. 
Let me be clear: Mr. Zinser came to our attention because of Mr. Zinser’s own misconduct. We know from sources on other Committees as well as correspondence he has sent, that he has tried to explain away our interest in his conduct as the result of former IG staff with an ax to grind coming to us with false stories, or even that my own Committee staff are personally hostile to Mr. Zinser. Nothing could be further from the truth. Mr. Zinser has only himself to blame for drawing our attention to him. 
In the wake of a hearing in which Members 
heard directly from Mr. Zinser regarding his mishandling of the NWS AntiDeficiency Act violations, my staff began looking into the IG’s hotline system. How could tips involving illegal activity and the potential waste of millions of dollars get set aside without any action? While the staff and Members were wondering how this bizarre conduct on the NWS could be explained, another item in the Washington Post caught our eye. Mr. Zinser’s office was the subject of a whistleblower retaliation complaint that had been taken up by the Office of Special Counsel (OSC)—the Federal government’s whistleblower protection office. 
reported on this case because the OSC had to take the extraordinary step of issuing instructions that Inspector General Zinser vacate a gag agreement with the complainants. This gag agreement, which OSC ultimately found had been essentially extorted from the complainants, had barred them from communicating about their experiences in Mr. Zinser’s office to the press, OSC or Congress. 
This press account was every bit as shocking as the revelations Mr. Zinser had made to the Committee regarding his mishandling of the NWS case. It seemed impossible that an IG, or his top aides, would establish a gag order to silence former staff from talking to the press, the OSC, or Congress. That such a gag order was the result of retaliation for suspected whistleblowing conduct by the former employees made this situation even more disturbing. By law, IG offices are to be a safe haven for whistleblowers. That an IG, or his senior staff, would attempt to punish and silence whistleblowers within their own office flies in the face of everything we expect of an IG. 
This story opened up new lines of communication between whistleblowers remaining in Mr. Zinser’s office and our staff. For the remainder of the 113th Congress we worked to understand how the office operated and why so many problems seemed to emerge from the IG’s office. Over time, this initiative expanded from work done solely by the Minority staff of the Committee to become a fully bipartisan investigation with participation by the Majority as well. My friend from Wisconsin, the thenVice Chairman of the Committee, Representative SENSENBRENNER , was particularly 
and forging a bipartisan effort. Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER has a long history of taking action to 
I want to touch on some of the most outrageous things that we uncovered during the two years of our work. I may depart from a chronological treatment in an effort to bring the most disturbing elements to the attention of the House in the most expeditious way. 
For those who wonder how I know what I 
am saying is true, let me share a summary of the work our staff engaged in. 
who have worked for or with Mr. Zinser, including more than 60 current or former Commerce OIG employees. The Committee has also obtained thousands of pages of supporting documentation, court records and other evidence from informed sources. Most of the material that has informed our investigation has come to the staff through whistleblowers sharing materials. Despite two bipartisan document request letters in the last Congress, Mr. Zinser provided very little responsive material, particularly to our second request in August 2014 that specifically focused on the conduct of Mr. Zinser and some of his senior most officials targeting whistleblowers in his own office. 
more detail later, six days—let me repeat, six days—after Mr. Zinser received the Committee’s bipartisan document request regarding efforts to identify and retaliate against whistleblowers in his office, he was seen using his personal handcart to remove two bankers boxes of materials from his office to his car on a holiday weekend. Although we don’t know what was in those boxes, the timing of this removal is extremely suspicious. 
sources that provided accurate, contemporaneous insights into actions within the office. The stories and documents these whistleblowers provided paint a deeply disturbing picture of an IG’s office ruled by fear and intimidation, where unethical conduct is rewarded at the top, while the line staff are largely prevented from conducting the good work expected of an IG’s office. 
public successes of Mr. Zinser’s: he produced two reports in 2014 on misconduct at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) that received extensive press coverage and inspired a joint hearing by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform and the House Judiciary Committee. Each of these seeming successes, though, points to core problems in the credibility of Mr. Zinser and the work of his office. 
Deborah Cohn announced plans to retire by the end of 2014. According to her online biography, she worked at PTO for over 30 years, and retired in January, 2015. At the time of the release of the report, IG Zinser was quoted in the press as saying the OIG investigation found Ms. Cohn exerted ‘‘undue influence in the hiring process’’ and ‘‘intervened and created an additional position specifically for the applicant.’’ The Commerce OIG report 
also said that beyond the letter of the law, the PTO official’s actions ‘‘reflected poor judgment.’’ The take away quote for the press: ‘‘As a longterm senior manager in the federal government, she should have known about the federal laws governing hiring and should have steered clear of any appearance of impropriety,’’ the report said. 
this hiring case in the manner that she did, but she is to be congratulated for choosing to retire in the face of these significant findings that called her judgement into question. But as my staff learned, Mr. Zinser is really not in a very credible position to lecture anyone on hiring irregularities. 
record of inappropriate hiring in the Commerce IG’s office. For example, since coming to the IG post in December of 2007, he personally intervened to save the career of one of his closest friends as it was imploding at the Department of Transportation due to mismanagement issues. This person is one of the same people who ultimately had the OSC complaint lodged against him that I referenced above. Mr. Zinser also personally intervened to get his own son’s friend an internship position in the OIG and then directed his senior staff to push the Department of Commerce Security Office to issue credentials for the young man when a security issue arose. The friend of Mr. Zinser’s son was eventually hired into a permanent position in the OIG with a starting salary of more than $42,000. 
that substantial evidence and witness testimony reveals was involved in a ‘‘romantic’’ relationship with Mr. Zinser at the time he hired her in August 2010. At that time, she was in the middle of her probationary year as a candidate for the Senior Executive Service (SES) at an office within the Department of Commerce. Notified by her managers that she would be removed from her SES probationary position immediately due to significant conduct problems, she asked her supervisor if she could have an extra day because ‘‘Todd Zinser’’ would hire her. Mr. Zinser then personally intervened to have her detailed to his office within days. This required a frantic push among all levels of his office to get the paperwork done and signed before her SES position at DOC was vacated—which would have washed her out of the SES probationary program. 
had been involved in the transfer say there was an extreme, personal urgency in Mr. Zinser’s actions to have this employee detailed to his office. In addition, the Committee has confirmed that Mr. Zinser never contacted this woman’s former supervisors at the other DOC agency where she worked to ascertain why she was in the process of being removed from her SES position. This would seem to have been a reasonable action for anyone hiring a person into an SES position, even more so for an IG who routinely handles sensitive personal information and criminal investigations. 
Commerce ‘‘officially’’ approved her detail to the IG’s office, she was provided with a window office, desk, computer and phone in the Commerce Office of Inspector General, according to former OIG employees and contemporaneous emails. In the wake of this effort, the thenDirector of Human Resources in the IG’s office emailed the Counsel to the IG: ‘‘you can add illegal appointments to my annual performance discussion. With [Todd’s son’s friend] and this one, I am going to be an entire series in the Washington post [sic].’’ 
OIG on detail, Mr. Zinser appointed his friend to the position of Assistant Inspector General for Administration—a SES position that paid $150,000 a year. Subsequently, Mr. Zinser directly approved three SES Performance Bonuses for her from January 2011 to October 2012 totaling $28,199. 
Let me be clear, I am not making any comment on the qualifications or skills of the woman hired by Mr. Zinser, and I am attempting to limit my comments about the broader situation of their relationship out of sensitivity for the feelings of innocent parties. However, Mr. Zinser’s personal conduct in this case is deplorable. His conduct undermined the integrity of the SES process and the Federal hiring system more generally. 
It is clear that he hired this intimate friend to 
do her a favor given her difficult professional circumstances. No one interviewed by the Committee staff who worked in the IG’s office at the time of her detail or subsequent appointment believes that she was hired because there was a pressing need for someone with her skill set. The universal reaction among the staff was that this behavior was highly irregular, and right from the beginning there were some in the office who had knowledge of his relationship with this person. The result was that rumors began immediately regarding this person’s special status. Witnesses indicate she wielded unusual authority in the office due to the close nature of her relationship to Mr. Zinser. This is the kind of personnel action that destroys the effectiveness of an organization and that IGs themselves often investigate. 
Zinser’s private affairs than the Congress would have in Ms. Cohn’s daughter’s fiance ´. 
However, Todd Zinser just as blatantly entangled his personal affairs with his public duties as Ms. Cohn had done when he used his position of trust to advance a romantic partner’s position. This has created not simply ethically troubling behavior on his part but potential violations of federal law. His actions to further the career of a romantic interest compromises the credibility of the IG and his office to investigate inappropriate hiring by others, even when justified. 
There is one more twist in this tale. In January 2011, an anonymous complaint about Mr. Zinser’s inappropriate hiring of the Assistant IG for Administration was received by the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE). The complaint went to their Integrity Committee to investigate. On February 22, 2011, CIGIE’s Integrity Committee wrote to Mr. Zinser regarding the complaint asking that he respond within 30 days. On April 11, 2011, Mr. Zinser provided a written response completely denying that there was anything improper in his hiring of this woman. He told CIGIE that he had a critical need to hire someone with her skills. In the letter Mr. Zinser wrote, ‘‘. . . her assignment was based solely on business necessity, not on a personal relationship.’’ 
Committee staff who worked in the Commerce IG’s office at the time believes she was hired because there was a pressing need for someone with her skill set. The position of Assistant IG for Administration had been vacant in the Commerce OIG for over two years before it was given to Mr. Zinser’s romantic interest, and numerous former OIG employees recall that Zinser had refused to fill that position on a number of occasions claiming he did not see a need for it. Not until his close friend was in desperate need of a job did Mr. Zinser discover a necessity to fill the post. 
the Commerce IG in response to our Committee’s July 2014 document request regarding records related to Mr. Zinser’s hiring of this person supports IG Zinser’s declaration to CIGIE that he hired her into the position of Assistant IG for Administration ‘‘based solely on business necessity, not a personal relationship.’’ There is no contemporaneous record confirming that Mr. Zinser had been pushing for filling that position prior to the quick detail of his intimate friend to the office. 
acknowledged that he did have a personal relationship with his new Assistant Inspector General for Administration, and that they were ‘‘avid long distance runners and trained together on a fairly regular basis.’’ ‘‘Contrary to the insinuations of the anonymous complaint,’’ he wrote, ‘‘our relationship is neither romantic nor sexual in nature,’’ and while he said there are no rules ‘‘against maintaining personal friendships with colleagues or subordinates, to minimize any potential appearance of impropriety, we curtailed our running together’’ after she came to his office. It may be true that their running relationship was ‘‘curtailed’’, but the staff has convincing evidence that other aspects of their relationship, more pertinent to the allegation, continued outside of the work place after her hiring and were ongoing at the time of the CIGIE inquiry. 
to CIGIE that the anonymous complaint they received was from his friend’s husband who was attempting to use the complaint ‘‘as a tool to gain advantage in divorce proceedings.’’ It is true that this woman’s husband filed for divorce in March 2011—the divorce was granted in January 2012—but it is not true that her nowformer husband was the source of the CIGIE complaint. Despite Zinser’s speculation, designed to throw the CIGIE Integrity Committee off his trail, Committee staff has spoken at length on multiple occasions to the individual who filed the anonymous complaint. The complainant is a person in the IG community not related to either Zinser’s girlfriend or her former husband. This counterallegation by Mr. Zinser fits with a long pattern of behavior he has displayed in trying to deflect criticism or questions by making assertions about the motivations or integrity of those who question 
and his Assistant IG for Administration, The Washington Post asked Mr. Zinser about it for an article they wrote about him on July 17, 2014. According to that article, ‘‘Zinser said there was nothing improper about him hiring a highly qualified manager who was a close personal friend. He said the romantic nature of their relationship predated her coming to work for him.’’ Mr. Zinser seems to have forgotten that he told CIGIE that there was no romantic element to their relationship. 
Zinser made to CIGIE regarding both his relationship with the close friend he hired and the ‘‘business’’ necessity of hiring her into his office appears to be an intentionally false narrative spun by Mr. Zinser to cover up his own unethical behavior. CIGIE’s Integrity Committee accepted Mr. Zinser’s explanation on April 28, 2011 and closed the complaint without further investigation. The Integrity Committee was operating in the dark regarding the extensive evidence my own Committee’s staff has obtained that this hiring was improper and that Mr. Zinser was misleading them as to the real facts of his conduct. 
Mr. Zinser has corrupted the Federal hiring process and the Senior Executive Service appointment process. That Mr. Zinser was willing to make false allegations about another to avoid having to answer for his own actions. That Mr. Zinser was willing to mislead the Integrity Committee of CIGIE, a body established to investigate questionable activities or mismanagement of IGs. That Mr. Zinser was willing to lecture another senior official for conduct that is no more disturbing than his own. All in all, this does not sound like the conduct we should expect from an Inspector General. We also have learned that Ms. Cohn was willing to act with accountability for her actions— she retired in the wake of the IG’s report— while Mr. Zinser clings to his position in the face of substantial evidence that he is not fit to serve. 
IG’s office to capture public attention involved abuse of time and attendance practices. In July 2014, the DOC OIG released a report entitled, ‘‘Review of Waste and Mismanagement at the Patent Trial and Appeal Board,’’ OIG Case 13–1077–I, U.S. Department of Commerce, Office of Inspector General, Office of Investigations, July 28 2014. In a memorandum dated the same day, Zinser wrote to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Intellectual Property regarding their findings. Mr. Zinser’s summary of findings said, ‘‘Our investigation uncovered waste in the PTAB that persisted for more than four years (2009–13) and resulted in the misuse of federal resources totaling more than $5 million. The bulk of the wasted resources related to PTAB’s paralegals, who had insufficient workloads and considerable idle time during those years.’’ According to the July 2014 OIG report as 
many as 95% of the PTAB paralegals were involved in the PTO’s Patent Hoteling Program (PHP), the agency’s largest telework program. 
different light when one realizes that in February 2012 the Commerce OIG released an audit of the PTO’s Patent Hoteling Program that labelled it a great success. The title of the IG’s audit report, ‘‘The Patent Hoteling Program Is Succeeding as a Business Strategy,’’ and news headlines at the time reporting on the IG’s findings described how the IG audit praised the PTO’s telework program: ‘‘Teleworking PTO employees process more patents, less expensive,’’ declared one headline. 
It is difficult to know how auditors from the 
IG’s office could have so completely missed the signs of waste, fraud and abuse that have now been widely identified in this program. Just as hard to explain is why Mr. Zinser initially turned these allegations over to the agency to investigate, just as he had in the NWS financial misconduct case. Again, there may have been violations of law, and the sums of money involved were not insignificant. 
On November 18, 2014 the House Oversight and Government Reform and Judiciary Committees held a joint congressional hearing about the PTO’s telework program. During his sworn testimony Mr. Zinser was asked by my friend, Ms. Lofgren of California, why his office turned the PTAB investigation back to the PTO. His response was because ‘‘none of those allegations made specific allegations against specific individuals that would warrant us opening up a criminal investigation,’’ he said. 
however. One complaint that the IG’s office received on its Hotline in February 2013 identified ONE DOZEN specific individuals at the U.S. Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB) by name, including the chief judge of the Board and two administrators, who were knowingly approving nonproduction time of PTO employees, according to the allegation. Despite the fact that ‘‘specific allegations’’ were made ‘‘against specific individuals’’ this complaint was referred to PTO by the Commerce OIG, which requested PTO conduct an administrative inquiry. 
did a thorough evaluation of the PTAB time and attendance issues, substantiated the allegations, concluded that there were problems with time and attendance reporting, and that steps should be taken to clean up the system with significant savings possible. 
The IG’s staff received the PTO’s audit report of the PTAB time and attendance issues, and senior leadership at the IG’s office realized they could not claim the significant monetary savings, in the millions of dollars, associated with the PTO report because they can only claim savings associated with their own work. To attempt to take credit for those savings, the OIG launched an audit that redid the PTO’s work. That OIG report was released in July 2014 and received widespread media coverage with story titles such as ‘‘IG uncovers substantial waste at USPTO, says paralegals ‘paid to do nothing,’ ’’ and ‘‘This May Be The Worst Abuse of Federal Telework Ever.’’ Thus, to claim savings already identified by the agency, the IG wasted staff time and resources on a repetitive audit, and then worked the press to claim the credit for finding the 
that nearly 21⁄2years earlier, the IG was praising the very same telework program that he later said had wasted money during that same time period. 
Zinser was willing to spend taxpayer dollars to get the credit for saving taxpayer dollars. It also shows that he was willing to mislead a senior Member of the House regarding why he had initially passed on carrying out this investigation. Finally, Mr. Zinser promised to provide documentation in response to Ms. Lofgren’s questions, but in his submission for the record he went back on that promise by saying he would only provide those materials if he received a letter from the Chairman of the Committee. 
because, on balance, Mr. Zinser is one of the least productive IGs in the federal government. According to the GAO, which is working to report on this office’s productivity based on my request, the average Cabinetlevel IGs recovered $22.64 for each dollar they spent from 2011 to 2013. By comparison, the Commerce OIG recovered just $4.18 for each dollar it spent. In addition, 95% of the Commerce OIG’s savings came from joint investigations with other federal law enforcement agencies, and so much of these savings were claimed on work that may have been led by another IG or office. 
Now, let me return to the story that gave additional momentum to our investigative activities: the fate of the whistleblower retaliation case before OSC. As I said, I learned of that case through reading of it in the press in December of 2012. Much of my staff’s subsequent work was about getting more information regarding that case, which was being investigated by OSC. Everyone in this institution knows that the Congress relies on whistleblowers to do our oversight work. IGs are in the same position: they must be trusted by whistleblowers or they will not learn of problems in their agency. Congress feels so strongly about this that there is an entire section in the IG Act, Section 7, which addresses the role of IGs in receiving allegations and in protecting whistleblowers from retaliation. The idea that senior officials in the IG’s office would retaliate against whistleblowers is inconceivable, but that is what the OSC case suggested happened in Mr. Zinser’s office. 
very diligently. The OSC issued a report in September 2013 that found Mr. Zinser’s two closest aides—his legal counsel and the Principal Assistant Inspector General for Investigations and Whistleblower Protection—had engaged in what amounted to a coordinated effort to gag whistleblowers in the IG’s own office from reporting misconduct to the OSC, the Congress or the press. 
Practices’’ concluded: ‘‘In this matter, OSC’s investigation uncovered willful, concerted acts of retaliation that necessitate disciplinary action. Holding management accountable for engaging in prohibited personnel practices is essential to assuring employees that they can blow the whistle or engage in other protected activity without fear of reprisal.’’ 
also replete with evidence establishing that PAIGI [Rick] Beitel retaliated against the whistleblowers by drafting their unfounded failing interim performance appraisals. . . . The evidence demonstrates that PAIGI Beitel was motivated to retaliate against the whistleblowers for their engagement in protected activity and/or their perceived whistle blowing. . . . PAIGI Beitel’s behavior is particularly egregious based on his position as the OIG’s expert on whistleblower protection,’’ the OSC determined. 
evidence’’ that Mr. Zinser was involved in the case, every member of Mr. Zinser’s staff that the Committee staff has spoken with who had experience of Mr. Zinser’s management practices indicates that he rarely writes his directions down, instead relying on facetoface meetings and oral directions. These witnesses also indicate that the PAIGI, Mr. Beitel, would never act on something this significant without clearing it with the IG. This is the same close, personal friend whose career Mr. Zinser saved by bringing him in from the Department of Transportation. The two had worked together since the early 1990s and were perceived by staff across both IG offices to have a very close working relationship of a mentor and mentee. In court documents unrelated to their federal employment Rick Beitel acknowledged that Todd Zinser was his ‘‘close friend and personal confidant’’ and that they routinely socialize with one another outside of work. 
Mr. Zinser took no significant steps to punish either his good friend Rick Beitel or the other Commerce OIG official after receiving the OSC report. As a result of the OSC investigation and findings IG Zinser agreed to take twelve minimal actions, including the destruction of the coerced ‘‘interim performance appraisals’’ the whistleblowers were forced into signing, Mr. Beitel was removed from ‘‘supervisory’’ duties for one year, both officials were required to take ‘‘performance counseling,’’ and the Commerce OIG was required to hire an ‘‘employee relations’’ specialist. 
to threaten to destroy the professional careers of whistleblowers if they did not agree to gag orders denying them access to the Congress or the OSC should really not be in senior leadership positions in any office of the government, and especially not in an IG’s office. That is my strong view, and I am not alone in thinking so. 
learning that no significant punishment had been meted out by Mr. Zinser, all seven Members of our Subcommittee on Oversight—four Republicans and three Democrats—wrote to Mr. Zinser on April 1, 2014. The real driving force in pushing this letter was my friend, Mr. Sensenbrenner. The letter said that Mr. Zinser should ‘‘immediately terminate’’ the two senior Commerce OIG officials who were found by OSC to have engaged in prohibited personnel practices against whistleblowers in his office. 
Mr. Zinser responded on April 15, 2014, expressing doubts about the credibility of OSC’s work and the legal basis for their findings. Incredibly, Mr. Zinser reiterated all of the knowingly inaccurate claims about the whistleblowers—essentially repeating the lies that OSC had found Mr. Beitel to have concocted to damage their careers and reputations. OSC thoroughly documented those claims to be inappropriate, misleading and simply false. Nevertheless, Mr. Zinser knowingly used those false claims again, further defaming his former employees. This was not the first time Mr. Zinser had 
used these false, derogatory allegations to protect his office from tough questions. On January 7, 2013, Mr. Zinser wrote a 52 page letter to then Congressman Frank Wolf, Chairman of the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. Wolf had raised questions regarding the OSC investigation that was then underway. 
his two top aides and reiterated the false allegations they had made against whistleblowers in the IG’s office as if those claims were unshakable truths. For someone who claimed to OSC that he knew nothing about his aides’ actions, Zinser seemed very comfortable defending their behavior and attacking the victims. 
It is important to note that even after the 
OSC report found that there was no merit to any of these allegations, Mr. Zinser continued to leave his letter to Chairman Wolf up on his public web site, perpetuating false claims that defamed innocent former employees, and standing as a warning sign to other whistleblowers that their reputations were at risk should they challenge Mr. Zinser. 
and his refusal to take any noteworthy steps to punish them for their significant misdeeds even in the wake of OSCs findings, Mr. Zinser suddenly changed direction in August 2014 when he announced that both officials were to be placed on leave and a decision about termination would be made within 30 days. In the end, Mr. Zinser’s legal counsel was terminated and his PAIGI—and close friend—was allowed to retire. This was a dramatic 180 degree turn from his previous public statements about the actions of these top aides. 
botched management choices, Mr. Zinser was not found by OSC in their 2013 report to have known about the treatment of the whistleblowers. The OSC, however, was careful to say they found no ‘‘documentary evidence’’ regarding Mr. Zinser’s knowledge of the actions of his two senior most staff. This lack of documentation saved him from any personal consequences as a result of the OSC report. 
However, I believe it is important to tell my 
colleagues that Mr. Zinser had been named in a prior OSC report. That earlier report found he had personally engaged in retaliation against a whistleblower in his office. The similarities between the 1996 case and this 2013 case—both built around a concocted tissue of lies to remove or silence a whistleblower—are striking enough to suggest that perhaps OSC should have looked harder for evidence of Mr. ZinserIs involvement in the more recent case. 
in which Todd Zinser, then the Deputy Assistant IG for Investigations at the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General (DOT OIG), personally retaliated against Mr. John Deans. We have all the relevant filings and my staff has even spoken with Mr. Deans. Retired from law enforcement now, at the time of this case Mr. Deans was a former FBI agent working as a DOT OIG GS–12 Special Agent, criminal investigator. Deans was assigned to the Denver office, and while there he found what he believed to be compelling evidence that federal funding for the Denver International Airport was being illegally redirected to support local projects. 
DOT OIG officials on his case. Importantly, Deans suggested to others that very senior Federal officials may have been aware of this possible diversion of federal funds. 
after he learned of Deans’ comments about the potential knowledge of senior Federal officials regarding this alleged diversion. Soon after, Mr. Zinser flew to San Francisco to see if the SpecialAgentinCharge (SAC) of the San Francisco office of the DOT OIG would be willing to have Deans detailed to his office. It is not clear what Zinser told the Special Agent in Charge about Deans but the Special Agent advised Zinser to have an ‘‘impartial investigator’’ look into the allegations against Deans. Instead, Mr. Zinser decided to investigate the Deans matter himself. Zinser had Mr. Deans transferred to San Francisco, then had him placed on administrative leave and ultimately had him fired. 
appealed to the Office of Special Counsel (OSC), which supported his complaint that this was retaliation for his work. OSC sought a stay of the transfer of Deans to San Francisco. On the same day the Merit Systems Protection Board (MSPB) ordered that Mr. Deans be returned to his post in Denver, Mr. Zinser placed Deans on administrative leave. 
outlandish by the OSC that the Office filed a ‘‘Petition for Enforcement’’ against Todd Zinser with MSPB. OSC asked that, ‘‘The [Merit Systems Protection] Board should order Zinser to immediately assign Deans the duties of his former GS–12 special agent, criminal investigator, position. Moreover . . . the Board should order that Todd Zinser not receive payment for service as an employee from May 23, 1996, until Deans is returned to his former position, i.e., until the agency complies with the Board’s May 23, 1996, Opinion and Order.’’ 
What did OSC think of the substance of the 
Zinser, Deans had to be rehired and restored to a post in Denver. Deans was repaid almost a year of back pay and benefits. On top of this, the government had to pay over $10,000 in Mr. Deans’ attorney fees. In short, the taxpayer had to pay the bill for Mr. Zinser’s outrageous and indefensible conduct towards this whistleblower. 
to wonder how someone with this kind of history of abuse against a whistleblower could possibly have been confirmed by the Senate 
to the post of Inspector General. I wondered that too. It turns out, based on witness testimony and extant documents, that Mr. Zinser never disclosed the OSC case to either the White House or the Senate during his confirmation process. 
to potential IGs with questions that must be filled out. That questionnaire asks about legal, ethical or other cases that the Committee should be aware of in considering his nomination. In response to that specific question Mr. Zinser wrote, ‘‘I have never been disciplined or cited for a breach of ethics.’’ The questionnaire also asked: ‘‘Please advise the Committee of any additional information, favorable or unfavorable, which you feel should be disclosed in connection with your nomination.’’ Mr. Zinser wrote simply ‘‘None.’’ 
None? A potential IG does not think it is relevant to the confirmation process to acknowledge that he was found to have engaged in prohibited personnel practices? Mr. Zinser was asked by a Washington Post reporter why he did not disclose this case during his confirmation. In a story on Mr. Zinser published by the Washington Post on July 17, 2014, Mr. Zinser told the Post that he did not disclose the case because, ‘‘I just never thought of myself as a subject [of the investigation], although maybe I was’’. 
responded to a Question For the Record (QFR) from my friend, Ms. LOFGREN , regarding 
the same matter. In that response, Mr. Zinser gave a lawyerly answer, ‘‘it is my understanding that the subject [of the investigation] was the Department of Transportation, Office of Inspector General.’’ Technically that is true because under the law, cases filed with the OSC name the office that is responsible for the alleged misconduct, not the individual. Similarly, lawsuits filed against an agency name the head of the agency in their official capacity regardless of whether that official has any personal knowledge of the matter or not. However, this artful response suggests that the case had nothing to do with Mr. Zinser. Let me be clear: The case only existed because of Mr. Zinser’s personal misconduct, and he was squarely the subject of the allegations of prohibited personnel practices. 
Deans case—the OSC’s ‘‘request for stay’’— refers to Todd Zinser BY NAME 53 separate times in a 26page report. In addition, this document makes it exceedingly evident that Todd Zinser was the sole individual in the Department of Transportation IG’s office who was believed to have retaliated against John Deans. Looking at the OSC records, it is evident that the Office found Mr. Zinser personally investigated Deans, personally constructed unsupported findings against Deans to be used to justify adverse employment actions, personally ordered those actions, and personally resisted setting things right when OSC and the MPRB ordered the DOT OIG to do so. Of all the employees at the DOT OIG’s office, only Todd Zinser was singled out by OSC for punishment by way of seeking that his salary be withheld. 
Zinser’s misconduct just as the 2013 report by OSC is specifically about misconduct by Mr. Zinser’s two closest (now former) aides. Had Mr. Zinser divulged his role in the Deans case at the time of his confirmation, it is highly unlikely he would have been confirmed as the Commerce Inspector General. The actions taken by Mr. Zinser in the John Deans case, and described in detail in the OSC documents, are all antithetical to the behavior and ethical 
grounding that the public deserves and that Congress expects of an Inspector General. He showed no remorse about his conduct at that time. Similarly, he showed no sympathy for the victims of his aides’ abuse in 2013. His initial reaction to the 2013 report was to protect those officials from the consequences of their actions as documented in the OSC report. He maintained that position for months, even under pressure from the Committee on Science, Space & Technology where I am the Ranking Member. 
For any IG to be associated with two whistleblower retaliation cases of this kind would be an indelible stain on their reputation. However, as my staff talked to more employees of 
the IG’s office, we learned that these two cases do not mark the end of whistleblower retaliation at his office. We know of other recent instances of Mr. Zinser expressing his belief that specific individuals that he personally named were cooperating with our Committee or making protected complaints to OSC. We also know that these individuals were targeted in different ways for adverse actions in order to convince them to leave or to remove them from the office. Separately, one senior OIG official was placed on ‘‘Administrative Leave’’ immediately after they contacted the Office of Special Counsel. That individual has since left the IG’s office for another federal agency. We also know that the current Deputy Inspector General had, as of several months ago, obtained and retained the entire email records of two former and one current high level IG staff, including two of her predecessors—all of whom were viewed by Mr. Zinser as disloyal to him or untrustworthy with the secrets of his office. One of those predecessors is a sitting, Senateconfirmed Inspector General at another Federal agency. 
There is no legitimate reason to have collected and then retained the emails of those three senior staff, including two former Deputy IGs. There is certainly no justification for the current Deputy IG, widely viewed as being the closest current personal aide to Mr. Zinser, to be carrying those records on her laptop computer’s hard drive. What would such records be used for? It is impossible to know, but we do know that there was a search and analysis of one of those former Deputy IG’s email records. A memorandum was prepared based on that search documenting the exchanges between the formerDeputy and a woman who had applied for a position within the OIG, who was a family friend. Mr. Zinser was clearly aware of this relationship since the woman was a reference for the former Deputy IG who was called as a reference by Mr. Zinser when the former Deputy IC applied for his job. 
Based on information obtained by Committee staff it seems clear that Mr. Zinser was simply searching for anything he might uncover in his former Deputy’s emails that Mr. Zinser might be able to use against him, since the former Deputy had fallen out of favor with Mr. Zinser. 
there is a policy in place at the DOC Office of Inspector General that requires Mr. Zinser to personally sign a memorandum to the Chief 
Information Officer requesting specific materials be produced. This policy has been in place since October 2012. However, in the last year, in particular, this policy has been largely set aside, permitting other OIG staff in Mr. Zinser’s chain of command to authorize the collection of Commerce OIG employees’ emails invoking Zinser’s authority and with his clear knowledge and, in some cases, specific direction but without his actual signature. That occurred in the case of the former Deputy IG. 
The IT staff in the IG’s office has had to 
comply with these requests even though they violate a policy Mr. Zinser himself put in place. This is an example of a longstanding issue in Mr. Zinser’s management style—he establishes policies and then ignores or stretches them without any warning to those who work for him. This creates an environment where it is easy for the IG to claim someone has violated policy if he wants to punish them because the policy environment is constantly and mysteriously shifting. 
suspected whistleblowers, the adverse employee actions taken in retaliation for protected disclosures are all widely known and discussed by employees within the Department of Commerce OIG’s office. We have heard from many whistleblowers that they fear that if Mr. Zinser is not removed, there will be—in the words of more than one of these individuals—’’a bloodbath’’—in the office. As soon as Mr. Zinser believes no one is looking, he will begin to take steps to invent allegations against individuals he wants to retaliate against—as he did against Mr. Deans and as his close aides did against OIG investigative staff in 2011—the case which led to the 2013 OSC report—and then take steps to remove them. People are frightened, and given Mr. Zinsers prior conduct they have good reason to fear him and his potential actions. 
However, the OSC has confirmed to Committee staff that the Commerce OIG’s whistleblower protection certification required under 5 U.S. Code § 2302 lapsed in September 2014. Six months later the Commerce IG’s office still has made no attempts to recertify. According to multiple Commerce OIG sources as well as 
documentary evidence obtained by the Committee, Mr. Zinser’s new Deputy IG Morgan Kim has specifically directed multiple OIG staff not to attempt to recertify. 
accounts of all the misconduct that has been going on in Mr. Zinser’s office, but the truth is that Mr. Zinser refused to comply with the Committee’s document requests. Mr. Zinser and his Deputy IG actively worked to obstruct the Committee’s investigation. These two top officials have been behind a campaign to intimidate staff into not cooperating with the Committee by pushing some to get lawyers, even though they were not the target of the investigation, and by reminding people that if they say something quotable during interviews with the Committee it may end up in the Washington Post or a Committee Report. 
One individual widely known within the office to be particularly close to Mr. Zinser pressured OIG staff to call the Committee to report the ‘‘positive’’ aspects of Mr. Zinser’s management. Several individuals have told the Committee they felt this was both completely inappropriate and an attempt to coerce individuals into taking part in these efforts to obstruct the Committee’s investigation. 
Committee with a voluminous production of materials wildly unresponsive to our document requests. Since the Committee’s August 2014 request letter, the Committee has received less than two boxes of responsive materials and 17 boxes of completely unresponsive material. Some material provided showed a complete lack of concern for their contents for they included sensitive personally identifiable information, such as social security numbers of Commerce OIG employees, private phone numbers and birthdates. 
were seeking were going through an extraordinarily slow search and review process within the OIG. None of that material was ever delivered to the Committee. Committee investigators cannot recall any comparable example of such a complete failure to comply with a document request—even from private parties— across a quarter century of Committee investigations. The idea that an Inspector General, who has an obligation to cooperate with Congress that goes beyond that expected of any other Executive branch official, would fail to comply with a request from a Committee of the House is simply unfathomable. 
The Committee sent two bipartisan document request letters to IG Todd Zinser on July 16, 2014 and August 26, 2014. The July letter requested documents related to Mr. Zinser’s inappropriate hiring of the former Assistant IG for Administration and Rick Beitel, including copies of relevant records from his personal work journals. The letter warned Mr. Zinser: ‘‘These journals represent official records and we remind you that such records should not be removed from the office nor tampered with in any way. The Committee intends to continue to examine the conduct and productivity of your office, and we consider your journals to be important evidence in that effort,’’ the letter said. On August 26th the Committee sent a second letter to IG Zinser demanding documents concerning multiple allegations that Mr. Zinser was inappropriate collecting and monitoring his employees’ emails in a hunt for potential whistleblowers in his office. Six days after IG Todd Zinser received that 
second letter informing him of the Committee’s knowledge that he was hunting for whistleblowers in his own office, the Inspector General was seen using his personal handtruck to remove two banker’s boxes of materials to his car. This occurred on Labor Day, Monday, September 1, 2014, a federal holiday when few witnesses would have been on site at the Department of Commerce. Furthermore, the Committee has evidence that IG Zinser conducted his removal of this materiel with great haste. He was in and out of his office with his two boxes of material inside of 30 minutes. Although there is no way to know what Mr. Zinser removed from his office over Labor Day weekend, the timing of his actions is highly 
suspicious and raises serious questions about his efforts to obstruct the Committee’s investigation. 
more incident where records were removed from his office and destroyed. Since he is under a microscope, actions of removing or destroying records cannot help but be seen as obstructionist in nature and his cavalier disregard for the effects of this on his reputation and the opinion of others—even senior members of a Committee with broad jurisdiction over his Department—highlights the serious mismatch between Mr. Zinser and the ethical and professional requirements of serving as an Inspector General. 
Mr. Zinser also invoked attorneyclient privilege to prevent witnesses from fulfilling their obligation to speak to the Committee, and to withhold materials responsive to our request. As a common law, nonConstitutionally derived concept, attorneyclient privilege is not recognized by Congress as a legitimate reason to withhold information during Congressional inquiries. While I understand that private parties sometimes have a particular concern with defending this privilege, I cannot fathom how a Senateconfirmed government employee, using government lawyers paid with tax dollars, can think that the work of those attorneys could be considered privileged from review by Congress. 
Never in the last quarter century of Committee investigations has an official in a statutorilyestablished Federal office attempted to withhold materials or testimony using this claim of attorneyclient ‘‘privilege.’’ The usual accommodation is for an agency to provide the records or testimony, while noting that they believe the materials should be treated with care. Frankly, OIG attorneys are routinely released from this privilege in order to cooperate with OSC and EEO investigations. The Congress should not be treated any less cooperatively than those offices, but Mr. Zinser would not release the attorneys to answer questions. His former counsel, who had been found by OSC to have engaged in prohibited personnel practices, very much wanted to speak with the Committee as he believed he had evidence that might exonerate him as well as implicate Mr. Zinser. IG Zinser specifically intervened to prevent this former employee from talking to Committee staff about illegal activities that he believes he had witnessed during his work for Mr. Zinser. This misuse of attorneyclient privilege, with a hidden threat to seek punishment by the Bar if an attorney decided their obligation to the Constitution outweighed Mr. Zinser’s personal desire, is clearly abusive and appears motivated by a desire 
I have not reached the end of the account 
of failed management and misconduct by Mr. Zinser. Just last month, the Department of 
Commerce’s Office of Civil Rights issued its findings in an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO case related to age discrimination and retaliation filed by a former Commerce OIG employee. The detailed 282page report found that the Commerce OIG discriminated against the complainant in violation of the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 and retaliated against him for filing his EEOC complaint ‘‘ in violation of nonretaliation provisions of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964,’’ the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 and ‘‘in violation of the EEOC regulations prohibiting retaliation.’’ In sworn testimony to EEOC investigators regarding the monitoring and examination of the former employee’s e mails and files, the EEOC also found that Mr. Zinser’s ‘‘testimony does not fully mesh with the documentary evidence. . . .’’ 
compensate the employee for ‘‘backpay to remedy the change to lower grade he took due to the hostile work environment’’ in the IG’s office; expunge its official files of the inaccurate interim performance appraisal the employee was coerced into signing and any related document; provide all supervisors in the Commerce OIG, including the IG and Deputy IG, with at least 8 hours of EEO training and require IG Todd Zinser to sign and post (for 60 days) a notice to all OIG employees that the office has been found in violation of age discrimination and retaliated against former Commerce OIG employee. The notice states that the OIG will abide by federal requirements, equal employment opportunity laws and will not retaliate against employees who file EEO complaints in the future. The notice is supposed to be placed in center within the IG’s office or on the OIG intranet and is required to be signed by IG Zinser. Mr. Zinser refused for two solid weeks to sign that notice. Only after my friend, Mr. Honda, asked IG Zinser about this matter during an appearance before the Appropriations Committee did Mr. Zinser finally sign the notice on February 25. 
Not for the first time, Mr. Zinser is going to 
rely on the taxpayer to cover the costs of his misconduct. There are more claims out there that will also cost the taxpayer to defend against and settle. In fact, during the last two years six employees in the IG’s office have filed complaints of retaliation with the Office of Special Counsel. The Department of Energy’s 
OIG, which is nearly twice as large as the Commerce IG’s office has had zero complaints of retaliation filed with OSC during this same period. The Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) OIG, which has a staff of more than 1,200 people and is nearly seven times the current size of the Commerce OIG had a single alleged case of retaliation filed with OSC in the same time frame. 
The issues I have identified reveal an endemic failing in Mr. Zinser’s leadership. There is a sustained pattern of misconduct and malfeasance that would be unacceptable in any senior federal official but is particularly troubling for an Inspector General. Based on the exhaustive work by Committee staff, as well as Mr. Zinser’s representations to other Members, we have convincingly shown that: 
During his Senate confirmation for the Commerce IG post, Mr. Zinser failed to disclose a significant case against him involving his personal retaliation against a whistleblower; 
and his closest staff have engaged in efforts to identify and retaliate against whistleblowers in his office; 
Mr. Zinser has repeatedly misled the Congress about his conduct, and took steps to obstruct the Committee’s investigation into allegations of misconduct; 
Mr. Zinser has been disingenuous in his official correspondence with the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency (CIGIE) regarding inappropriate hiring in his office; 
Mr. Zinser has engaged in inappropriate hiring practices that undermine the integrity of federal hiring; and, 
and procedures in his office that would guarantee accountability and efficiency. 
a high position of public trust? His continued presence in Federal service stands as a blot on our record, in that we have tolerated such conduct by an IG. We could impeach him, and I believe there is adequate information to justify that. However, it would be time consuming and expensive, and while we worked through that process, the taxpayer would still be paying the senior leadership of DOC OIG, and whistleblowers would still be legitimately worried for their careers. That is unacceptable. 
We could ask CIGIE to redo the investigation my staff and the Committee did in the 113th Congress. I respect the CIGIE, but the cold truth is that CIGIE’s Integrity Committee is slow moving, and their prior failure to do diligent work into a serious allegation against Mr. Zinser leads me to question their responsiveness—or at least the responsiveness they displayed four years ago. And as with impeachment, it would be slow and expensive and whistleblowers would stand in danger every day the process dragged on. 
The law provides that the President can remove an IG without any requirement that CIGIE has first done an investigation. If an IG conducts themselves in an outrageous and 
disreputable way, it would be irresponsible to leave them in office once that has been established. I believe that Mr. Zinser’s wideranging misconduct, supported by just a tiny coterie of current senior staff, is sufficient in and of itself to justify immediate removal. I intend to ask the President to do just that. 
the need for immediate change in the senior leadership of this office. The current leadership must be replaced with individuals who can serve as beacons of integrity and stewards of appropriate and diligent federal oversight. If any Member wants a fuller recounting of the evidence in this case, I will be happy to provide them with additional information. 
That information provides as much documentation for my account as we can provide without compromising the position of whistleblowers whose careers still stand at risk so long as Mr. Zinser and his closest senior leaders remain in their positions. I will extend that same offer to the President as I believe that his role under law complements my own obligations as a Member to reveal significant violations of law that I believe we have uncovered. THE SUSTAINABLE GROWTH RATE 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I haven’t been in this office very long, but it doesn’t take long to pick up certain patterns of my Republican colleagues. They find a way to hamstring immigration reform or prevent women from getting the right to choose at every possible opportunity. In the case of the SGR fix, a very important bill that I am proud to have also voted for, Republicans have chosen the latter. 
At the risk of pointing out the obvious, Mr. Speaker, this is 2015. We can talk to our TV remotes. We have phones that show us in 3–D the nearest restaurants, and printers that print prosthetic limbs. 
first mobile phone. But 1973 was also the last time there was any question of whether or not a woman had the right to make her own decisions about her health, according to the U.S. Supreme Court. 
Congress, but I am one of the newest. So I would like to take this opportunity to invite my Republican colleagues to join me in the 21st century. Moving forward, I urge my colleagues to stop waging war on women’s right to make their own choices. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to mark the 194th anniversary of Greek independence, to recall the day that the Greek people established modern Greece as a free and independent nation. 
upon the example of the ancient Greeks in forming our constitutional Republic. The relationship between Greece and the United States is based on shared democratic values and respect for individual freedom. The spirit that guided the Greek people in securing their freedom nearly 200 years ago resides with them still. 
Today Greece faces tremendous challenges. We all acknowledge that. But I am confident that Greece will ultimately overcome its economic and humanitarian crisis and thrive again. A strong Greece will be able to take full advantage of new opportunities that are emerging in the eastern Mediterranean and move forward as a vital economic and cultural resource for a critical region of the world. 
Greek Independence Day, long live Greece, long live America, long live freedom—Zito Ellada, Zito Ameriki, Zito Eleftheria. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
April 14 will mark 1 year since Boko Haram kidnapped over 200 Nigerian schoolgirls. Since the schoolgirls’ kidnapping, Boko Haram has continued to torment and commit atrocities. 
Boko Haram has declared its allegiance to ISIS. They are beheading, raping, and stoning their victims, ramping up their use of social media, and making surprise attacks to inflict maximum casualties and spread fear. 
News reported that Boko Haram is using hundreds of civilians as human shields, and the terrorist group reportedly abducted another 500 women and children just 48 hours before the Nigerian Presidential elections. Nigerian officials remain very concerned about Boko Haram’s impact on Saturday’s Presidential election. President Obama issued a statement calling for calm in Nigeria. 
while Boko Haram aligns itself with ISIS. Mr. Speaker, I call on my fellow Members of the House to join me in condemning the actions of Boko Haram. 
Nigeria closely. And by tweeting #bringbackourgirls, #joinrepwilson, the world will know we have not forgotten. 
PROVIDING FOR THE REAPPOINTMENT OF DAVID M. RUBENSTEIN AS A CITIZEN REGENT OF THE BOARD OF REGENTS OF THE SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 10) providing for the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
There was no objection. The text of the joint resolution is as 
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That, in accordance with 
section 5581 of the Revised Statutes (20 U.S.C. 43), the vacancy on the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution, in the class other than Members of Congress, occurring by reason of the expiration of the term of David M. Rubenstein of Maryland on May 7, 2015, is filled by the reappointment of the incumbent. The reappointment is for a term of 6 years, beginning on May 8, 2015, or the 
date of the enactment of this joint resolution, whichever occurs later. 
be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
JOINT COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY AND THE JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of H. Res. 171, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
COMMITTEE OF CONGRESS ON THE LIBRARY AND JOINT COMMITTEE ON PRINTING. 
LIBRARY .—The following Members are hereby elected to the Joint Committee of Congress on the Library, to serve with the chair of the Committee on House Administration and the chair of the Subcommittee on the Legislative Branch of the Committee on Appropriations: 
following Members are hereby elected to the Joint Committee on Printing, to serve with the chair of the Committee on House Administration: 
Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Senate concurring), That when the House adjourns on any legislative day from Thursday, March 26, 2015, through Friday, April 10, 2015, 
on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand adjourned until 2 p.m. on Monday, April 13, 2015, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
after consultation with the Minority Leader of the House, shall notify the Members of the House to reassemble at such place and time as he may designate if, in his opinion, the public interest shall warrant it. 
Speaker, I send to the desk a concurrent resolution and ask unanimous consent for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Senate concurring), That when the Senate recesses or adjourns on any day from Friday, March 27, 2015, through Monday, March 30, 2015, on a motion offered pursuant to this concurrent resolution by its Majority Leader or his designee, it stand recessed or adjourned until noon on Monday, April 13, 2015, or such other time on that day as may be specified by its Majority Leader or his designee in the motion to recess or adjourn, or until the time of any reassembly pursuant to section 2 of this concurrent resolution, whichever occurs first. 
motion offered pursuant to this order, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Monday, March 30, 2015, unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its concurrence in H. Con. Res. 31, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Illinois? 
TO COMMISSION TO STUDY THE POTENTIAL CREATION OF A NATIONAL WOMEN’S HISTORY MUSEUM 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to section 3056 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following individuals on the part of the House to the Commission to Study the Potential Creation of a National Women’s History Museum: 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to sections 5580 and 5581 of the revised statutes (20 U.S.C. 42–43), and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the Board of Regents of the Smithsonian Institution: 
Chair announces the Speaker’s appointment, pursuant to 22 U.S.C. 276l, and the order of the House of January 6, 2015, of the following Members on the part of the House to the BritishAmerican Interparliamentary Group: 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHOCK ) is recognized for 60 
ago, I entered this Chamber and raised my right arm to take the oath of office as a Member of the United States House of Representatives. I remember feeling so excited about the opportunity that lay ahead. I remember vividly this Chamber and all that it meant to me and to the country: the men and women debating the big issues of the day, not always agreeing, but always fighting without apology for what they believe in. 
Over the past 6 years, I have come to 
understand that this institution is far bigger than any one person, and that freedom itself is even more important than this institution. Some of the world’s greatest debates have occurred right here in this Chamber, for what happens here affects more than just the people of my district or even my country. 
best to contribute constructively to the process and to serve the people of my district and my country. My guiding principle has always been rooted in the belief that Washington should only do what people cannot do for themselves. 
I fought and opposed the billiondollar surplus bill, the government takeover of our health care, and the massive new regulations put on small businesses. But, more importantly, I fought for the people of my district so that their voice would be heard and respected by my colleagues, for I heard that voice in every vote that I have cast. 
But I also knew that being in the majority was key to making a difference. So I am proud of the work I have done to contribute to a Republican majority here in Congress—to begin to scale back the overreaches of a bloated Federal Government and to begin to bend the curve on outofcontrol spending. That has only happened because of a Republican majority, and I am proud to have played a role in building it. 
Federal Government can be and how frustrating Congress can get, but I also learned that one man can make a difference. Working with my Republican colleagues and across the aisle with my Democrat friends, we have been able to pass legislation that helped businesses across America create millions of jobs. Some of them have been located in my home district, but many more across this great country. There was, is, and will be so much to do, and I am honored to have played a small part in making a real difference. 
with some frustrations as well, that this body doesn’t move quickly enough or as efficiently as it could to confront the challenges facing our country. I regret that I won’t be here when we finally pass a smarter, simpler Tax Code so that every hardworking taxpayer in 
my district and across the country will know that Washington not only cares about them, but respects them and their sacrifice. And I will miss joining my colleagues in saving and strengthening Social Security and Medicare that will directly improve the quality of life for millions of Americans for generations to come. 
good, hardworking taxpayers whom I have been lucky enough to call friends, I will never be able to thank you enough for the opportunity you have given me to serve. Together we have tackled some of the big problems at home, like economic development projects, helping businesses expand, improving our locks and dams along our riverways, and so much more, projects that have helped improve the quality of life in our community. 
problems, but big problems to the people who have been facing them—folks looking for help adopting children overseas or simply trying to get answers from an unresponsive bureaucracy here in D.C. Solving those individual cases has been extremely fulfilling. 
played a role in helping so many veterans get the respect they deserve and the benefits that they earned. 
I am proud of the good work that my 
team has delivered to the tens of thousands of constituents who have turned to our office in their time in need. My staff delivered for me because they delivered for you every day, 24/7. 
day I walked into this Chamber 6 years ago. I leave here with sadness and humility. For those whom I have let down, I will work tirelessly to make it up to you. 
I know that God has a plan for my 
life. The Good Book tells us that before I formed you in the womb, I knew you. I also know that every person faces adversity in life. Abraham Lincoln held this seat in Congress for one term, but few faced as many defeats in his personal, business, and public life as he did. His continual perseverance in the face of these trials, never giving up, is something all of us Americans should be inspired by, especially when going through a valley in life. 
I believe that through life’s struggles, we learn from our mistakes, and we learn more about ourselves. And I know that this is not the end of a story but, rather, the beginning of a new chapter. 
look forward to keeping in touch with my friends in this Chamber and my friends across the 18th District. May God continue to bless this awesome institution and the important role that it plays for America and the rest of the world. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for the 
remainder of the hour as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the time, and I would like to start our time tonight by yielding to my friend from Florida (Ms. WILSON ). 
honor and this pleasure. I am indebted to you forever. Thank you. 
Boko Haram and girls who were kidnapped in Nigeria. Five of them are in the gallery today, and I thought it not robbery to recognize them and ask you who are listening to please tweet #bringbackourgirls and tweet #joinrepwilson. These young ladies were kidnapped, and they had the courage—the courage—to come to America to continue their education. They are right there in the gallery. 
know, this is the conclusion of budget week here. I sit on the Budget Committee. I enjoy budget week. It is a statement of our values as a nation. Where you put your money is where you are putting your emphasis. A lot of folks don’t want to put their money where their mouth is. We have a lot of mouths in this town. This is the week where everybody gets to put their money where their mouth is. 
struggling with has been the issue of transportation funding. I come from a very conservative district in Georgia, Mr. Speaker, and one of the counties— I only represent two—one of those counties, Forsyth County, just voted to tax itself with a $200 million bond initiative to widen a highway. Because we are the fastest growing county in the State, we sit in traffic hour upon hour upon hour. 
want to tax themselves. It is that conservatives don’t want to tax themselves and then throw that money down a rat hole. If we can develop a trust that, if you tax a family a dollar that they will get a dollar’s worth of services—needed services, desired services—for that dollar, we would have a very different relationship with the Federal Government. 
Mr. Speaker, I have up here a reference to article I, section 8, clause 7 of the United States Constitution which says: 
The Congress shall have the power to establish post offices and post roads. 
of our Constitution, Mr. Speaker, took place through the post office and those post roads. There was an obligation that our Founding Fathers recognized 
to develop routes of commerce so that goods could travel, so that messages could travel, so that people could travel. 
I say that because too often the conversation in Washington devolves into: Should we spend money at all, or should we spend obscene amounts of it that we have to borrow from our children? That is not the conversation we are having. We have a constitutional obligation to maintain, establish and maintain the post roads, those corridors of commerce around this Nation. The Federal Government took that responsibility on in one of the great building projects of our history, building the Eisenhower Interstate Highway System. 
So often this Congress gets involved in doing things that my community is doing just fine back home, that my county is doing just fine back home, that my State is doing just fine back home. And for some reason we think when the 435 of us gather together, we are going to come up with a better idea about how to better serve my community back home than my community back home has about how to serve my community. I think we get off track there. I think we get into those unconstitutional uses of power. Establishing post roads—one of those things our Founding Fathers asked the government to do, because, quite simply, no one else can build an interstate highway system. It does no good for Georgia to have 12 lanes running to the Alabama border if Alabama doesn’t have a road when we get there. This is a collaborative decision, and rightfully so. 
Mr. Speaker? We fund them primarily through what is called the highway trust fund, and the highway trust fund is funded through taxes on users of the highway system. I am a huge fan of user fees. If you don’t like to sit in traffic every morning, if you want to build an extra lane on your highway, as we are in Forsyth County, you should pay to build that extra lane on your highway. You shouldn’t ask somebody in Wyoming to pay to build the road in Georgia. We should build the road in Georgia. Users of the roads should pay for the roads. So that is what we do. 
What you can’t see here, Mr. Speaker, is a graph of how the highway trust fund is funded. Primarily, it is through a gas tax. It is 18.4 cents that comes out of every gallon of gas that Americans buy. That gas tax is primarily the funding mechanism. 
truckers who are on the road, every time you are driving down that two lane highway and you wish the guy in front of you was going a little bit faster, just know that he is paying a lot in taxes while he is on that road. He is helping to build that road. Diesel taxes are higher than gasoline taxes, but because there are fewer diesel vehicles on the road, bring in less revenue. We also have a tax on all trucks and 
trailers. We have a tax in this blue line on heavy vehicles, and we have a tax on tires. Again, all of these taxes come together not to tax one group of people to pay for another, but to tax users of our roads to pay for our roads. It has been a system that has served us fairly well in this Nation. 
since the early 1990s. In the early 1990s, we set the gas tax at 18.4 cents a gallon, and we haven’t raised it since. Mr. Speaker, I am not in favor of raising taxes. I am in favor of paying less taxes. I am in favor of taking on more of that responsibility back home. 
we have to take on this responsibility. And the reason I am having this Special Order tonight, Mr. Speaker, is because the highway trust fund expires in May. We have about 2 months to sort out all of the challenges of how do we fund the Interstate Highway System going forward. 
been funding it with an 18.4 cent gas tax for 25 years, why isn’t that good enough today? the answer is, it may be, it may be good enough today. But understand that the buying power that we are getting out of that 18.4 cents has declined each and every year. Of course it has. The price of a Big Mac has gone up over the past 20 years, the price of a car has gone up over the past 20 years, the price of a home has gone up, the price of building roads has gone up, so the purchasing power that we are getting for our gas tax has gone down and down and down and down. Right now we are getting about 60 percent of the value out of that gas tax that we were getting when it was last changed in the early 1990s. 
Well, it is not just that the value of the purchasing power is going down; the mileage we are getting in our cars is going up. 
know what your first car was—mine was a 1971 Volkswagen camper. I had 59 horsepower in the back of that camper to drive me anywhere I wanted to go. If I coasted downhill and only used the accelerator a little bit uphill, I would max out about 35 miles an hour. But I could get 14 miles a gallon if I tried. If I tried to drive that camper as efficiently as I could, I could get 14 miles to the gallon. 
Chevy Volt. Most of my driving is free. It is coming off the battery. I am not paying any gas taxes at all. When I do have to turn on the electric generator in that Chevy Volt, I am getting 40 miles to the gallon. Just in my lifetime, the fuel efficiency is either triple, based on an engine, or no gas tax at all because I am using electricity. 
back to 1975, Mr. Speaker, this is the average miles per gallon that passenger cars and light trucks were getting. You get into the last half of the last decade, 
sharply forward, and the Obama administration wants to drive that fuel efficiency even higher. I am in favor of using private industry to create more efficient solutions. I am in favor of being able to reduce the fuel costs of families across this country. But what that is going to do as families are buying fewer and fewer gallons of gasoline is that the highway trust fund is going to get smaller and smaller and smaller. 
with the highway trust fund, Mr. Speaker. Beginning back in, I would say, the early 1990s, when folks were buying lots of gasoline and fuel costs were relatively low, the economy was doing well. We were running a trust fund surplus. Again, all of this gas tax money is coming in from all of these sources. We were spending it on those priorities that we have in the Interstate Highway System. Some of those priorities were building new interstate highways, some of those priorities were maintaining old interstate highways, some of those priorities were simply widening part of the Interstate Highway System. But we operated with a bit of a surplus in the transportation trust fund. 
happen today, Mr. Speaker, is that folks are returning to their districts for 2 weeks, where they are going to be hearing from folks who are sitting in that traffic, where they are going to be hearing from folks whose contracts to build those highways are about to expire. They are going to hear from their Governors and their state legislators who are no longer able to let the contracts for needed projects. Why? Because the money is expiring in 2 months. We are starting to run a trust fund deficit. There is not enough money coming in to meet the current needs. 
talking about the current needs. I didn’t run for Congress to be in the maintenance business. I ran for Congress to be in the transformation business. I am more than a little embarrassed that what we are talking about here is, How do we maintain and improve the Eisenhower Interstate Highway System. Eisenhower was long gone from office before I was even born. 
We are talking about how to maintain this infrastructure. I would like to be in the driverless car infrastructure business. I would like to be in the hypersonic jet infrastructure business. But where we are, because the calendar dictates it, is: How do we continue to maintain safe highways just 2 months from now? 
Speaker, but we are talking about in the ballpark of $50 billion a year that goes into this effort, thousands and thousands and thousands of miles of interstate highways around the country, about $50 billion a year. The deficits are running down ultimately, by the end of our 10year budget window, to almost $130 billion in highway deficits. We have to find a way to meet those needs. 
just the other day, the Transportation Committee, Mr. Speaker, and I want to quote the mayor of Salt Lake City. He was there on behalf of the National League of Cities. This is not a notoriously conservative organization. Mayors are a practical bunch by nature. They have to respond to the needs of all of their citizens. They are a relatively liberal bunch by nature. But he says this: 
spent a career working as a NEPA planner and lawyer that what has happened with what I view as an absolutely great environmental law, the National Environmental Policy Act, is truly unfortunate. We have gone from processes that should be a year or year and a half to processes that are 5 to 7 years in many big transportation projects. 
Act. That is what federally regulates all environmental decisions across the country, particularly as it relates to construction. 
transportation projects. There is not a Member in this Chamber who wants to see environmental degradation in this country. There is not a Member in this Chamber who wants to see the sky is less blue or the grass less green. Every Member in this Chamber cares about children and grandchildren and the next generation. 
environmental protection laws that are available to us in this country and he says: Something has gone awry. We wrote this wonderful law in order to protect our environment, but now, instead of being able to complete needed projects in a year or 18 months, with litigation, special interest groups, these processes get dragged on for 5, 6, or 7 years, and that time means more money out of the highway trust fund in order to complete that project. 
Speaker, about these coming trust fund deficits? Well, one thing we can do is help to address the policy failures that are delivering less than a dollar’s worth of value to my constituents and your constituents for their dollar’s worth of gas tax. If I could build a project today with that dollar, I could get a dollar’s worth of value out of it, if I have to litigate the issue for 7 years, the value of that dollar is going to erode. I am going to have to waste that dollar on litigation costs. 
do so in a bipartisan way that absolutely respects all of our commitments to environmental protection but allows us to complete these needed taxes. Because I will tell you what doesn’t help global warming, Mr. Speaker, and that is folks sitting on Atlanta highways for an hour every day not moving. If you are concerned about the use of fossil fuels in this country, I promise you 
that having people move slower in Atlanta is not helping. We need those folks to be able to move more quickly to their goal. We will reduce emissions as a result. 
a body? What I have here—and I just chose the State of Georgia because it is that area that I know best—these are the Georgia statewide designated freight corridors. I live right up here, just outside of Atlanta, Mr. Speaker. I am right off I–85. That is Interstate 85, Federal Interstate 85, and that is designated as a freight corridor. 
Our use of the roads is not just to get 
to and from the grocery store, of course, not just to get to and from school, but for farmers to get their produce from Iowa to our grocery store, for manufacturers to get their products from the computer factory in California to our schools. We had a national interest in these freight corridors. 
out I–16. It runs out to the Port of Savannah. The Port of Savannah, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know if you know, it is the fastestgrowing container port in the country, a container port being those ports that specialize in getting those 18wheeler cargo containers off the ships, onto a chassis, delivering goods to where they need to go. Fastestgrowing container port in the country, it sits out here at the end of I–16. We have major construction projects to get all the product off those ships out across the southeastern United States. 
represents not only interstate highways, but also some major Federal roads. I have got U.S. 1 listed here. U.S. 1, Mr. Speaker, as you may know, runs about, golly, about 2
from this building you are going to hit U.S. 1. 
U.S. 1 runs all the way down the eastern coast, from the great Northeast all the way down to Florida. It is a Federal transportation corridor. What is not on this list, Mr. Speaker, for example, is U.S. Highway 29. It runs right past my house in Gwinnett County. 
U.S. transportation dollars. While once upon a time it was a major corridor for moving nationally important equipment—freight, produce—today, it has become a sidebar. 
our dollars, can we be more discriminating in choosing which roads have national importance? 
I told you the tale of Forsyth County, which I represent, Mr. Speaker, and of its having the $200 million bond initiative to expand its major highway. Georgia 400 is its major highway. We don’t need the Federal Government to take care of every single square inch of pavement in this country. 
they had not contemplated pavement at all—if this were going to be a major maintained thoroughfare, we might have a Federal interest in it—not so anymore. 
away, but it is just between Washington, D.C., and Baltimore. The Federal Government, with Federal tax dollars that are collected from all across the Nation, maintains three separate Federal roads. 
We maintain the BaltimoreWashington Parkway, which is a National Park Service road. We take care of U.S. 1, and we take care of Interstate 95. Those roads are never more than 5 miles from each other; yet, because tradition dictates it, we are spending national dollars to maintain three relatively duplicative pieces of highway. 
We have got to have that conversation. Maybe there is a reason unbeknownst to me why it is we can’t just maintain one of those roads and why we have to maintain them all. 
have to do everything for everybody, Mr. Speaker. We just have to make sure that those interstate corridors are being maintained, that those primary nationally designated freight corridors are being maintained. 
It is okay to leave the rest for communities and States to handle. I want to give you an example. I am not picking on anybody in particular. These projects go on all across the country, Mr. Speaker. 
here. They have got some holly bushes out in front and a little maple tree here that has been planted on the rightofway. What you see here are brandnew curbs and sidewalks and about a 3
giant curb and a big sidewalk and a bike lane in their front yard, I am glad they were able to get it. I am glad that we are planting maple trees in the rightofway there. We are not quite mowing the grass in that space, but I hope the community is going to take on that challenge. 
This is not an Interstate Highway System. This is a small, small road somewhere in America that $1 million worth of Federal taxpayer dollars are going to in order to beautify a street. 
Mr. Speaker, it comes from a program called the Transportation Alternatives Program. Over the last 2 years, that has been more than $1 billion going towards these kinds of projects, almost $2 billion. 
important Federal projects are kind of rising to that constitutional level of building post roads for commerce. 
to a sidewalk counts. Anything that you create relating to bicycle infrastructure counts. Traffic calming techniques—I don’t know what a traffic 
calming technique is, but if you can identify one, Mr. Speaker, we can pay for it out of this multibilliondollar trust fund. 
The construction of turnouts, overlooks, and viewing areas—Mr. Speaker, you do not want to be behind me when I am riding through a national park. You do not want to be behind me while I am going down that beautiful highway in Virginia that is running all the way down to the great State of Georgia because I am driving slowly, sucking it all in, and am turning in to every turnout along the way and am taking pictures. 
the fall, but I promise you I do not need one taxpayer dollar paying for one turnout on one highway so that I can get a better picture. We have got an entire Georgia transportation and tourism board, Mr. Speaker. 
State of Georgia, if it is going to bring more tourist traffic to our area, if it is going to allow us to put in a small restaurant where folks can stop and eat and enjoy our beautiful scenery, we will build that because tourists will demand it, and it will grow our economy. 
have been eroded by inflation, at a time when we know we don’t have enough money coming in to maintain our current Interstate Highway System, at a time that we are talking about raising taxes on the American consumer in order to provide those resources, isn’t it also time to end the nonFederal priority spending that is currently embedded in the Federal gas tax, like turnouts? 
was built with that multibilliondollar trust fund was down in the great State of Georgia. It is called the Silver Comet Trail. The truth is that we only have one really good, long bike trail in the entire metropolitan Atlanta area. It is the Silver Comet Trail, and it is fabulous. It is absolutely fabulous. 
day, you are going to have joggers; you are going to have walkers; you are going to have bike riders; folks are going to be pushing strollers. It is a festival of humanity there on that bike trail. It is a wonderful, wonderful way to spend your day. We spent 3.7 million Federal dollars so that my neighbors and I could have a fabulous biking and walking trail in our backyard. It was not my idea. I was not in Congress at the time. 
worth raising taxes on the American driver and on American industry, which uses our roads, so that more local communities can build more fabulous bike trails in their own backyards? 
I don’t ask my colleagues, Mr. Speaker, whether bike trails are valuable or not. I believe them to be so. I ask my colleagues whether or not metropolitan Atlanta, which is the most prosperous major metropolitan city in the entire 
Southeastern United States, can afford to build its own bike trails or whether or not we need to call on the rest of the Nation to aid us in that effort. 
project here. It was only $60,000. Isn’t that sad when we get to this place where we start talking about projects that are only thousands and thousands of dollars? When you are managing a $3.8 trillion budget, Mr. Speaker, it is hard to keep track of the thousands. That is why we don’t want a big Federal budget. We don’t want to be in the business of wasting money. 
Flag. Now, this is in a small downtown area out West, and there is a crosswalk going across the street, and folks are concerned about pedestrian safety. There are pedestrian tragedies every year in this country and every year in my community. We certainly want to do everything we can to stop them. 
each end of a crosswalk, and it puts yellow flags in big buckets on each end of the crosswalk, Mr. Speaker, so that, when you are prepared to walk across the street, you can grab one of these flags, and you can wave it as you cross the street. 
wave it as you cross those two lanes to make sure that drivers coming down that low speed limit thoroughfare don’t run into you. I think that is fabulous. I like a good parade, Mr. Speaker, and I love waving flags. 
My question to you is: With all of the 
challenges facing this Chamber—we have got Social Security that is going bankrupt; we have got Medicare that is going bankrupt; we live in a dangerous world with ISIS and Russia and Iran— is it the priority for the tax dollars that we have been entrusted with— really, that we have confiscated from the American people—to spend 60,000 of those tax dollars to have buckets of flags on both sides of a twolane street so that pedestrians can wave them as they cross? 
If folks love parades as much as I do, 
Mr. Speaker, that local community can put those flags in place. A Federal grant program is not necessary to do so. 
I have got an article here, Mr. Speaker, from just last month. It is talking about this program that allows these grant dollars to go out for all of these nonhighpriority Federal purposes. They cite a $112,000 grant for a white squirrel sanctuary. 
white squirrels. I will slow down when I am driving as the gray squirrels in my community cross the street, but I have no interest in confiscating Federal tax dollars that were intended to maintain a critically important national highway infrastructure and having a local community who views that as free money spend it to create a white squirrel sanctuary. 
to build boardwalks in our beach communities. They are going to resurface bike trails. They are even going to buy driving simulators at car museums because that is kind of peripherally related to transportation. 
that Atari 2600 on which you could do the night driving program. Today, we can spend 198,000 Federal gas tax dollars to buy driving simulators to go into museums so that, when folks come by—after they have driven on the ratty roads that were unmaintained to get to the museum—they can have a wonderful driving experience inside the federally taxpayer paid simulator. 
for wanting simulators. I don’t fault communities for wanting bike trails. I don’t fault communities for wanting flagwaving crosswalks. I fault this Congress for facing a fiscal challenge of: How do we complete our constitutional responsibility to maintain our roads and to even have the discussion of raising tax dollars before we have completed making the current accounts more effective, more efficient, and more accountable? 
who simply talk about everything that is wrong and who make no recommendations about how to fix it. We need to narrow the number of roads that qualify for Federal support. We need to prioritize what are those roads that fall into that constitutional responsibility and which ones, obviously, do not. Prioritize that spending. Take care of only those mission critical roads. Leave the rest to local communities. 
regulations that are slowing needed construction, not abolish our environmental regulations, not ignore our environmental stewardship responsibilities, but recognize that advocates for the environment, advocates for the NEPA Act—as the mayor of Salt Lake City suggested, even those advocates realize we have gone far afield from what was intended as we have years of expense and delay for projects that we ought to be able to complete in a year and in 18 months. Let’s streamline that. That is two. 
projects that every one of us has heard of in our districts—those projects that don’t have anything to do with major national thoroughfares, those projects that don’t have anything to do with our constitutional responsibility to maintain our interstate corridors—and abolish those altogether. 
other day amongst young people in this country. Young people, of course, when you get your first job at 16, you get that paycheck, you thought you were making $8 an hour. It turns out after the government gets its share you are only making about $5 an hour. We find out we get lots of new voters when they 
get their first paycheck because folks realize the importance of having your voice heard. 
American families pay, Mr. Speaker, is that payroll tax that is taken out of that paycheck before you even see it, that FICA line in your paycheck. The largest tax that 80 percent of American families pay, it goes to fund Social Security and Medicare; and yet in a recent poll among young people, more American young people believed they would see a UFO in their lifetime than believed they would see a Social Security check in their lifetime. Mr. Speaker, you cannot break promises to taxpayers in that way. 
this Chamber. They do not include feel good projects in local communities. They do not include squirrel sanctuaries, flagwaving projects, and boardwalk resurfacings. What they include is maintaining those mission critical interstate corridors. 
the surface transportation bill, as we gather together to sort out the diminishing value of the highway trust fund, let us come together to restore some of that faith with the American taxpayer that we will be accountable, that we will be efficient, and that we will be effective in the use of every one of their taxpayer dollars. We cannot ask them for more until we have proven to them that we have used responsibly what they sent to us yesterday. 
Mr. Speaker, we have talked transportation on the surface level. I want to briefly talk transportation at a port level. 
Mr. Speaker, that fastest growing container port in the world. You can’t see it here on the map, but I have got one of those container ships coming into the port of Savannah, just loaded full. These giant cranes, it is amazing how quickly they can load and unload these giant container ships. 
important projects, these kind of projects that deliver value to the American taxpayer, that allow them to get the goods and products that they want from around the globe into their local markets for a lower cost—we are dredging the Savannah River right now in order to expand the Savannah harbor, this port, so that it can handle the New Panamax ships that are going to come through the new Panama Canal. These ships are giant, Mr. Speaker. If you haven’t been to see them, you should take a look. They can bring in the order of three times more cargo in one ship. When you are taking a multiweek voyage across the Pacific Ocean, that is a big deal. 
This project is going to cost $706 million, and it will benefit the entire eastern seaboard in greater value and lower costs. But it is going to benefit Georgia more than it is going to benefit most places. Why? Because we are going to have workers there, because our rest 
stops are going to be full, because our gasoline stations are going to be full. So the State of Georgia, even though this is a nationally significant project, is funding 40 percent of it out of our local coffers. We believe it is important to put your money where your mouth is. 
up costs, we first started talking about doing this in the late 1990s, Mr. Speaker. We finally got Federal approval to begin last year. This was not a $700 million project 17 years ago when we wanted to begin it, but we couldn’t begin it 17 years ago. We have only been able to begin it now. About $100 million is going to go out the door, Mr. Speaker, to get this project under way. If all goes well, we can finish this in about 5 years, but we are going to have to have that FederalState partnership. For these projects that are not uniquely Federal, for these projects that are not uniquely State, we need both entities putting skin in the game to make these projects successful. 
about is about $100 million from the State coming this year, about $100 million from the Feds coming next year. What I want to ask my colleagues, as we talk about how to prioritize funding, how can we get together to squeeze out those projects that are of local import—and leave those to local dollars and local concerns—and include these projects that are of national import to make sure we get them done on time and under budget? 
calculating that folks doing the construction at the port have done tell us that it is about $174 million annually in lost benefits as this project is delayed—lost benefits on the one hand, added costs on the other. I am always skeptical when somebody says: ROB, if 
you will only spend $1 on this project, I will get you $18 in return. I say: Good news. We have got an $18 trillion Federal debt. Let me give you $1 trillion for your project this year; you can give me back $18 trillion next year. 
A lot of funny numbers go on in this 
But, undeniably, if we cannot compete at a local level, if American products begin to cost more to export relative to their foreign competitors because we can’t handle the big Panamax ships, American workers will lose; American consumers will lose. These are national priorities that bring people together. 
Speaker, on how we are going to get this done. Again, I want to go back. 1996 was when we first had this conversation, completed the very first study of getting this done; the very first conditional approval at the Federal level, 1999. In 2012, folks finally made the decision; South Carolina and Georgia sorted out their issues in May of 2013; final project permits came out 
in July of 2013; State of Georgia, Johnny on the spot, funding it with $266 million. Another round of bond initiatives will go out this summer. 
is expected to be done. A project that could have started in 1997, a project that could have been done by 2003, a project that could have been a nation leading project so that American goods could get out to the world in a competitive way as the new Panama Canal comes on line for us to be ready to go as a nation, what could have been a story of planning ahead and of success has become a story of decadeslong delay and being behind. 
conversations. Those are conversations that are represented with dollars and cents. It is American jobs lost; it is American productivity lost; it is international competitiveness lost. Item after item after item after item. We are in the midst of a surface transportation reauthorization bill and our highway trust fund; we are in the midst of an FAA reauthorization bill and our aviation funding mechanisms. Hopefully, we will be back to a water resources development bill again, as we were last year, dealing with developing our water resources. 
Speaker, is never will we be involved in generating American productivity or will we not. The question is we will be involved, but on what and how. Let us move these lowpriority projects off of 
the Federal budget, off of the Federal taxpayer, and back into local hands, where they can be accomplished more quickly and more efficiently at a lower dollar cost. Before we decide to raise taxes on the American people, let us ensure that every single dollar that we raise today is giving a dollar’s worth of value for a dollar’s worth of tax. 
Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be on the 
Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. We have big things in store for this year. They will be collaborative things. These are not Republican concerns; these are not Democratic concerns; these are American concerns. These are concerns of America’s most deliberative and engaging body, the United States House of Representatives. 
ROUZER ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) for 30 minutes. 
of bad news these days and negative stories, but I would like to take this opportunity to highlight some uplifting stories from the Cincinnati area, the area that I happen to represent here in the United States Congress. First, I would like to congratulate a 
Cincinnati broadcasting legend on a storied career. A week from tomorrow, Friday, April 3, Cincinnati will say goodbye to a longtime morning show host, Jim Scott, who is retiring after 47 years on the radio in Cincinnati. 
synonymous with mornings, as hundreds of thousands, if not millions, of Cincinnatians started their day listening to him cover the topics of the day. From politics and local news to entertainment and sports, Jim Scott covered every story in a style uniquely his own. His excellence was recognized back in 2002 when he won the Marconi Award for large market personality of the year. 
the community, helping out with numerous charities and community service organizations, activities I am sure that he will continue. He has become a staple of the opening day parade for the Cincinnati Reds, who I hope have a great year this year. 
his retirement and his outstanding career. Mornings in Cincinnati will not be the same without him. 
been blessed by the inspiring stories of two young ladies battling pediatric cancer, and I would like to take a moment to thank each of them for the example that they have provided and the hope that they have given to millions. 
Lauren Hill. For those who haven’t heard Lauren’s story, there really aren’t words to describe her courage and resiliency in the face of insurmountable odds. Lauren loves to play basketball, a sport she had planned to play throughout her college years at Mount St. Joseph University. Unfortunately, Lauren was diagnosed with a rare form of inoperable, terminal brain cancer, DIPG, and doctors really weren’t sure how long she would live. 
there, but not for Lauren. She was determined to play in a college basketball game, and back on November 2, she joined her teammates on the court, and in front of a soldout crowd at Xavier University’s Cintas Center, she scored the opening basket. 
also wanted to dedicate her remaining time to raising awareness of pediatric cancer. Through Layup 4 Lauren and other charitable efforts, she has helped raise over $1 million for research to combat pediatric cancer. 
each one of us is put on this Earth for a reason, and it is clear to me that Lauren’s purpose was to inspire a city and a nation and to raise awareness for a terrible disease, a purpose she has fulfilled with a dignity and grace that is an inspiration to me and countless others. I am deeply grateful for Lauren’s spirit and the example that she has provided for our community and for our Nation. b1330 
lady with Cincinnati ties inspiring our Nation. We have also been blessed to learn the story of Leah Still, the 4 yearold daughter of Cincinnati Bengals’ defensive lineman Devon Still. 
with a rare form of pediatric cancer. Faced with this devastating news, Devon Still was determined to help his little girl in whatever way he could. Part of his effort was to use their story to help raise money to combat pediatric cancer and give hope to other families facing the same struggle they were. 
joined Mr. Still in his efforts by agreeing to donate the proceeds of sales of Devon’s number 75 Bengals jersey to Cincinnati Children’s Hospital, which, by the way, is the number one children’s hospital in the Nation in combating pediatric cancer. Together, they also raised over $1 million for pediatric cancer research. 
the story has an even happier ending. Yesterday, I, along with millions of others, was thrilled to learn that Leah’s cancer was in remission. 
her, and she should remain in our thoughts and prayers. But that was wonderful news, and a reason to be grateful. 
May God bless all three of the remarkable people that I have just talked about. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) 
all, I want to address this. The bill we passed today is something that needed to be addressed. It was a problem that has been growing for about 16 years, or so. 
been changed 17 times in the last 16 or so years. It made cuts to healthcare providers. We have caused some healthcare providers to retire early. 
took from Medicare in order to, supposedly, fund 30 million or so that we were told didn’t have insurance. Now we have cost millions their health insurance policy they liked. And I say ‘‘we.’’ Not a single Republican voted for that bill. It has cost Americans, millions of Americans, the doctor that they wanted to use. 
that was made about ObamaCare that was broken. It absolutely wasn’t true. Then we find out that there were advisers around the White House who were 
to be able to keep their insurance policy. They are not going to be able to keep their doctors. 
that kind of thing is said. It did major damage—and continues to do major damage—to health care. 
these ongoing cuts to the healthcare providers. If we didn’t step in each year and temporarily pause them, it would have put so many healthcare providers out of business and made it extremely difficult for Americans to get the health care they need, even more than it already is, even more than ObamaCare has jeopardized. So something needed to be done. 
pushed through a fix, a remedy, last year of 63 pages. It was very well thought out. He is a very bright, terrific doctor, a great Congressman, and a friend. We have spent a lot of time this week talking about the fix to the cuts to reimbursement for physicians. 
provided a permanent fix. If this becomes law, if the Senate passes what we did, it stops the slow deletion of some healthcare providers’ efforts and work. 
which Medicare can be reformed for the future. It is valued at $175 billion. And the best estimate we have gotten is that $140 billion of the $175 billion is not offset with any cuts anywhere else. This would be a straight addition of $140 billion to our children’s and grandchildren’s enormous debt—what some refer to as ‘‘intergenerational theft.’’ 
protecting against Federal funds being used for abortion. I have always thought the world of Henry Hyde and was honored to overlap with him 2 years. His work in standing for the unborn children, the most innocent among us, is just an extraordinary life’s work that he did. 
abortions for people on Medicare is as big an issue as some might think. Anyway, the Hyde language is in there. It puts it in the Tax Code. That is a big deal. Some of my Democratic friends were not big on that. 
CHIP. There are the secure rural schools. Our rural schools, especially those in national parks, have been cheated for many years from the income that they were supposed to have by giving up land they couldn’t tax any more, by giving up other sources of revenue from the land. 
or become national forests, and they were to be reimbursed by proceeds from the sale of timber. But we have a Forest Service administration—not just this one; it has been going for a while— where production has either slowed dramatically or completely been eliminated, even though pine trees where I live are an entirely renewable resource. You plant them, and you are ready to 
harvest them in 15, 20 years. We are not talking sequoias. We are just talking a renewable resource. It is well managed in east Texas and other places around the country. 
we are buying so much lumber from other countries now, it is not good for America, not good for our trade imbalance, but it has been a Federal Government policy. And it has put schools in an extremely detrimental position, especially in rural areas, especially in areas where there have been national forests. 
so to speak, to address that issue. It should have been in here. It should have been done before now. 
to $140 billion that is not offset by cuts anywhere else, adding it into the intergenerational theft—and it also concerns me, we had 212 Republicans today that voted for this SGR fix. It 
would have been so easy to have enough of an adjustment into this bill that we could add six more Republicans, and it would have been able to pass without any Republican leader begging for support from the Democrats, without coming to support from conservatives. 
saw 167 Republicans voted against it because it didn’t keep our promise to stop the illegal, unconstitutional amnesty that DHS had done, as ordered by the President; and there were 75 Republicans, some of whom are very conservative, but they did vote with the Speaker on that bill and with the majority of Democrats to pass that funding. 
But I think that gives us an indication that out of the Republican Conference—the massive portion of the Republican Conference represents very conservative districts, and there are Republicans that, thank God, we have that are from more moderate areas, but somewhere between onefourth and onethird, perhaps. 
one of those bills where we would be better off if we negotiated a deal among the Republicans and go through regular order. That is what we promised. You put us in the majority; we will go through regular order. We will have hearings on this entire bill. There will be open opportunities to discuss it, to amend it, to have legislative hearings, before you even do the votes on it in committee. We didn’t do that. 
The bill was filed 2 days ago, on the 
24th. We had a couple of days with this bill. That is not adequate for something this important. 
seniors. It appears very clear it is going to cause healthcare providers to have to add more clerical workers— people that don’t do health care; they 
just do paperwork. So there will be more costs. 
So we didn’t have a chance to adequately investigate the terminology of this bill and the longterm effects it 
will have on health care. It is kind of important. 
for a budget that was important to get to the point where we could have reconciliation that let us deal with important issues like ObamaCare. We passed the budget easily, and we had a number of different budgets we could vote for. I thought TOMPRICE did a good job of 
But the point is most of us were so 
focused on the budget through the vote yesterday that we really had one night to prepare on this SGR with the actual language that was filed on Tuesday. 
I was good with the 63 pages Dr. BURGESS had used last year, but there were 
over 200 pages. I really don’t know the longterm effects of what we did; and that is why, though I have been clamoring for an SGR fix, I couldn’t vote for it. 
supposed to first do no harm. We don’t know what harm we may have done in that bill. We know we did some good, but we don’t know what harm. We should have had some more time to analyze this and take the language back to our physicians, our healthcare providers, and say: You’re the one doing this, you’re the one trying to save lives, enhance lives, what will this do to you? What will this language do to you? Then come back and have the vote. 
that have been spending so much time on what is often referred to as the ‘‘doctor fix.’’ We definitely needed that as another fix. This is more permanent. We don’t know what the Senate will do, and that is another one of our problems. 
news that has come out today about what the Obama administration has done in the way of damage to the nation of Israel—it sounds like this action was extremely petty—in an effort to slap Israel, without proper regard for the fact that they are the most important ally we have anywhere in the Middle East and one of the very most important allies we have in the world. 
done. Actually, to put this in perspective, this article, March 23, from Joel Pollak, says, ‘‘Obama’s Chief of Staff Fires up J Street: Israel’s Occupation Must End.’’ 
McDonough earned raucous cheers from the leftwing activists gathered at J Street’s fifth annual conference in Washington on Monday when he attacked Israel’s occupation of the West Bank. ‘‘An occupation that has lasted almost 50 years must end.’’ 
U.S.Israel alliance and to serve as an alternative to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, the powerful proIsrael group. 
then that would mean that, at the turn of the 20th century, if he had been around clamoring for, on behalf of this President—were he President around the end of the 1800s—he would have been saying: it is time to end America’s occupation of Texas. 
speaking for President Obama back then, had he been President then, if he used this same reasoning, he would have been saying: it is time for the occupation of our Thirteen Colonies to stop, and we give all the land back to England. This is no time for the Thirteen Colonies to continue to occupy what we are calling the United States. 
It is time to give that back to England. It was theirs originally. The French had some at one time. There were differing claims, but basically time to quit occupying the United States and give this all back to England. 
It is time to give the West of the 
United States, you might have heard him say, if he had been around in the early 20th century, time to give back all the West to whoever had it before, whether it was Mexico, Spain, whoever may have been claiming it; we have been occupying it. 
That is not the way the United States worked. Native American tribes were constantly taking each other on, different parts of the country, taking over others’ land. That has gone on around the world. 
When you have a group of people living in the nation of Israel saying, We refuse to ever recognize Israel’s right to exist, we want to wipe the Jewish people off the map, we want to wipe Israel off the map, then that is not a nation that you sit down with. 
Iran, that is doing—they make clear, even as of last week, that the top leaders in Iran want death to America. Well, apparently, when this administration hears a religious fanatic that has killed American soldiers, killed American civilians, has really been at the lead of killing Americans wherever they could find them and have an opportunity to kill them and want to wipe Israel off the map, as the Little Satan, and wipe America off the map, as the Great Satan—they have continued to pursue nuclear weapons, and while this administration was rushing and continue to rush to talk to the leaders in Iran, it leaves some of us aghast at how blind the administration can be as to who is our friend and who is our enemy. 
talks about, speaking to the group, according to this article, that was founded to disrupt the close relationship between U.S. and Israel, and he fired them up, saying the occupation that lasted almost 50 years must end. 
another speech he gave, and this transcript is from the White House Web site. This was March 6 of 2011, and 
Denis McDonough, the same guy that thinks we need to run Israel out of the land of Israel, he said this—and I am quoting from the speech from the White House Web site. 
very kind introduction and welcome. I know that President Obama was very grateful that you led the prayer at last summer’s Iftar dinner at the White House which, as the President noted, is a tradition stretching back more than two centuries to when Thomas Jefferson hosted the first Iftar at the White House. Thank you also for being one of our’’—I might parenthetically interject here into Mr. McDonough’s speech, glowing praise for Imam Magid, that actually this is Imam Magid who was president of the Islamic Society of North America. 
The Islamic Society of North America, a little background on them, they were named as a coconspirator to fund terrorism in the largest prosecution in the United States history for funding of terrorism—this was in a United States district court in Dallas—in short, referred to as the Holy Land Foundation trial. They were the main defendant, their principals. 
from that trial included the Council on American Islamic Relations, CAIR; the Islamic Society of North America, ISNA; and the North American Islamic Trust, NAIT. These coconspirators were not tried in the first round of prosecutions in Dallas under the Bush administration, but in November of 2008, all five defendants were convicted on a massive number of charges of supporting terrorism. 
round of the prosecutions, some that participated anticipate would be used in another trial against other named coconspirators if they were successful in getting the first convictions, which they did. 
finalized, there was an election. President Obama was elected President, and we got a new Attorney General, and they decided, despite what the evidence showed, despite what the courts had found, they are not going to prosecute the Islamic Society of North America and CAIR—CAIR has a very lovely building just down the street from us here. I can see CAIR from my window. 
ISNA, they filed pleadings demanding that the judge remove their names as coconspirators in supporting terrorism. The judge reviewed all the evidence, had the hearing, and he ruled that their names would not be struck as coconspirators because there was plenty of evidence to support them as coconspirators supporting terrorism. 
They appealed that to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals for the United States, and the fifth circuit, in their order, confirmed that there was a prima facie case made that the entities, CAIR, NAIT, ISNA, those associations have strong associations with the 
Muslim Brotherhood, namely Hamas, its Palestinian branch, which was specifically designated as a terrorist organization by the U.S. Government. 
the Federal courts found had plenty of evidence to make a case against them, as supporters of terrorism, have become partners with this administration, and that is why Denis McDonough, who was getting the acclaim for demanding Israel leave part of Israeli territory, he was there back in 2011, giving praise to Imam Magid, thanking him for his wonderful prayers at the White House. 
what two Federal courts have said had plenty of evidence to show they are coconspirators in supporting terrorism. 
This business about, oh, the long tradition going back to Thomas Jefferson of Iftar at the White House, Iftar is the celebration during the month of August—or after the fasting during the month of August for the religious observance of Muslims, and Iftar is the feast after the fasting. 
If you go back to what they say was 
the first Iftar under Thomas Jefferson, it doesn’t appear to me that Jefferson realized he was having an Iftar dinner. He wanted to have a dinner with a Muslim leader, and he couldn’t do it until the fasting was over, and so when he could eat, they had a meal. 
Well, Thomas Jefferson, having a copy of the Koran shows how openminded it was. 
been a diplomat negotiating with radical Islamists called Barbary pirates as to why they kept capturing United States Navy—not Navy—but seamen and holding them for ransom. 
they held in captivity, we were paying a massive part of our budget for ransom to get these back. Jefferson was one of those that went over and negotiated and apparently asked: Why do you keep attacking us? We don’t even have a navy. Why you are attacking us? We are not a threat to you. 
He was reportedly told: In our religion, we believe that if we die while attacking you, an infidel, we go to paradise. 
couldn’t believe there was a religion that thought you could go to paradise if you die killing innocent people, so he got his own English translation of the Koran. 
send a new thing called United States Marines to the shores of Tripoli because he realized there is not going to be any negotiation that is adequate to deal with these radical Islamists. There is only one way to beat them, and that is to physically beat them in a fight to the finish. It kept them off our backs for some time. 
House is doing everything it can to bend over backwards, the State Department: Oh, Iran, what can we do for you? 
are going to let them have centrifuges spinning in their secret facility they didn’t even disclose until we found out about it, and they are going to let them keep having centrifuges spin there. 
to get them to sign some kind of agreement, bending over backwards; but they can’t spare a minute to meet with the leader of Israel, can’t spare the President, Vice President, or one of the Cabinet to come listen to Netanyahu— oh, no. 
to light, that the United States, the Obama administration, has declassified a document that reveals Israel’s nuclear program to the world, especially to Iran and to those who want to destroy Israel, so they will know exactly what they are after, what they are up against. 
to light today of this administration declassifying a document, obviously, it is a slap at Netanyahu. It is a slap at the Israeli people for coming out in droves to support a group of representatives that this President doesn’t approve of. 
ours: Israel. If you believe the Bible, judgment will be coming down on our country for what our elected officials and appointed officials have done in betraying Israel. There will be problems for this. 
just use common sense. When you betray your most trusted ally in this tornapart Middle East, then you are going to have problems galore. 
countries. I can’t now because the Speaker won’t let me go talk to them overseas anymore. That is what you call retribution if you don’t support the Speaker. I get that. I am fine with that. As a result of him canceling my trip this weekend, I get to be on FOX News. Anyway, thank you, Mr. Speaker. 
allies and stand up against our enemies, and this administration is not doing it. 
damage in the world than the snotty little act that was intended to slap at Netanyahu and the Israeli voters than we could possibly imagine. This is just unbelievable. 
Now, if you believe that there are lessons worth noting in the Bible, you could go back to King Hezekiah, who entertained the Babylonian leaders. If you believe the account in the Bible, God sent Isaiah to Hezekiah and asked him: What have you done? He already knew; but Hezekiah said, 
in effect—and this is Texas paraphrase—well, we met with these lovely, wonderful leaders from Babylon, and we showed them all of our treasure. 
adds: And we showed them all of the defenses we have in our arsenal. 
have done that, you fool, you will lose the country. 
down nations. It was petty, and it was a betrayal, and people need to be called to account for it. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
of rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, I submit the Rules of the Committee on Homeland Security for the 114th Congress for publication in the Congressional Record. On January 21, 2015, the Committee on Homeland Security met in open session and adopted these Committee Rules by unanimous consent, a quorum being present; on March 26, 2015, the Committee agreed to modify the Committee Rules, by voice vote, a quorum being present. Attached are the Rules of Committee on Homeland Security for the 114th Congress, as amended. 
U.S. House of Representatives (the ‘‘House’’) are the rules of the Committee on Homeland Security (the ‘‘Committee’’) and its subcommittees insofar as applicable. 
where the terms ‘‘Full Committee’’ and ‘‘subcommittee’’ are specifically mentioned, the following rules shall apply to the Committee’s subcommittees and their respective Chairmen and Ranking Minority Members to the same extent as they apply to the Full Committee and its Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. 
authorized to offer a motion under clause 1 of Rule XXII of the Rules of the House whenever the Chairman considers it appropriate. 
maintain an official Committee web site for the purposes of furthering the Committee’s legislative and oversight responsibilities, including communicating information about the Committee’s activities to Committee Members, other Members, and the public at large. The Ranking Minority Member may maintain a similar web site for the same purposes. The official Committee web site shall display a link on its home page to the web site maintained by the Ranking Minority Member. 
of a Congress, or after December 15 of an evennumbered year, whichever occurs first, the Chair may file the report with the Clerk at any time and without approval of the Committee provided that a copy of the report has been available to each Member of the Committee for at least seven calendar days and the report includes any supplemental, minority, additional, or dissenting views submitted by a Member of the Committee. 
Ranking Minority Member, may designate a panel of the Committee consisting of Members of the Committee to inquire into and take testimony on a matter or matters that warrant enhanced consideration and to report to the Committee. 
Chairman shall continue in existence for more than six months after the appointment. 
of Majority to Minority Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, with all Majority members of the panels appointed by the Chairman of the Committee and all Minority members appointed by the Ranking Minority Member of the Committee. The Chairman of the Committee shall choose one of the Majority Members so appointed who does not currently chair another Subcommittee of the Committee to serve as Chairman of the panel. The Ranking Minority Member of the Committee shall similarly choose the Ranking Minority Member of the panel. 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee may serve as exofficio Members of each committee panel but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before a committee panel and shall not be counted to satisfy the quorum requirement for any purpose other than taking testimony. 
designated panel shall be subject to all Committee Rules herein. 
be organized into the following six standing subcommittees and each shall have specific responsibility for such measures or matters as the Chairman refers to it: 
Member of the Full Committee shall select their respective Members of each subcommittee. The ratio of Majority to Minority Members shall be comparable to the Full Committee, consistent with the party ratios established by the Majority party, except that each subcommittee shall have at least two more Majority Members than Minority Members. 
Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee shall be ex officio members of each 
subcommittee but are not authorized to vote on matters that arise before each subcommittee. The Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee shall only be counted to satisfy the quorum requirement for the purpose of taking testimony and receiving evidence. 
Except as otherwise directed by the Chairman of the Full Committee, each subcommittee is authorized to meet, hold hearings, receive testimony, mark up legislation, and report to the Full Committee on all matters within its purview. Subcommittee Chairmen shall set hearing and meeting dates only with the approval of the Chairman of the Full Committee. To the greatest extent practicable, no more than one meeting and hearing should be scheduled for a given time. 
occurs in a Subcommittee on the question of forwarding any measure to the Full Committee, the measure shall be placed on the agenda for Full Committee consideration as if it had been ordered reported by the Subcommittee without recommendation. 
meeting date and time for the transaction of business of the Full Committee shall be at 10:00 a.m. on the first Wednesday that the House is in Session each month, unless otherwise directed by the Chairman. 
of the Chairman, additional meetings of the Committee may be scheduled for the consideration of any legislation or other matters pending before the Committee or to conduct other Committee business. The Committee shall meet for such purposes pursuant to the call of the Chairman. 
rule XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Chairman of the Committee shall make public announcement of the date, place, and subject matter of any hearing before the Full Committee or subcommittee, which may not commence earlier than one week after such notice. However, if the Chairman of the Committee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member, determines that there is good cause to begin the hearing sooner, or if the Committee so determines by majority vote, a 
quorum being present for the transaction of business, the Chairman shall make the announcement at the earliest possible date. The names of all witnesses scheduled to appear at such hearing shall be provided to Members no later than 48 hours prior to the commencement of such hearing. 
a meeting to consider legislation, the text of such legislation as ordered forwarded or reported, including any amendments adopted or defeated, shall be made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site. 
announcement shall be promptly published in the Daily Digest portion of the Congressional Record. To the greatest extent practicable, meeting announcements shall be entered into the Committee scheduling service of the House Information Resources. 
of the testimony of each witness appearing before the Committee during a Committee hearing. All transcripts of meetings or hearings that are open to the public shall be made available. 
the Committee, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member shall be entitled to present oral opening statements of five minutes each. Other Members may submit written opening statements for the record. The Chairman presiding over the meeting may permit additional opening statements by other Members of the Full Committee or of that subcommittee, with the concurrence of the Ranking Minority Member. 
one Member may address the Committee on any bill, motion, or other matter under consideration by the Committee shall not exceed five minutes, and then only when the Member has been recognized by the Chairman, except that this time limit may be extended when permitted by unanimous consent. 
may postpone further proceedings when a record vote is ordered on the question of approving any measure or matter or adopting an amendment. The Chairman may resume proceedings on a postponed vote at any time, provided that all reasonable steps have been taken to notify Members of the resumption of such proceedings, including circulation of notice by the Clerk of the Committee, or other designee of the Chair. When proceedings resume on a postponed question, notwithstanding any intervening order for the previous question, an underlying proposition shall remain subject to further debate or amendment to the same extent as when the question was postponed. 
days to submit to the Chief Clerk of the Committee their statements for the record, and, in the case of a hearing, additional questions for the hearing record to be directed towards a witness at the hearing. 
minute rule, the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member shall first be recognized. In a subcommittee meeting or hearing, the Chairman and Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee are then recognized. All other Members who are present before the commencement of the meeting or hearing will be recognized in the order of seniority on the Committee, alternating between Majority and Minority Members. Committee Members arriving after the commencement of the hearing shall be recognized in order of appearance, alternating between Majority 
present at the beginning of the hearing have been recognized. Each Member shall be recognized at least once before any Member is given a second opportunity to question a witness. 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by motion, may permit an extension of the period of questioning of a witness beyond five minutes but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority party and the Minority and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
Ranking Minority Member, or the Committee by motion, may permit Committee staff of the Majority and Minority to question a witness for a specified period of time, but the time allotted must be equally apportioned to the Majority and Minority staff and may not exceed one hour in the aggregate. 
the Committee or any Member designated by the Chairman, may administer an oath to any witness. 
the greatest extent practicable, witnesses shall submit a prepared or written statement for the record of the proceedings (including, where practicable, an electronic copy) with the Clerk of the Committee no less than 48 hours in advance of the witness’s appearance before the Committee. Unless the 48 hour requirement is waived or otherwise modified by the Chairman, after consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the failure to comply with this requirement may result in the exclusion of the written testimony from the healing record and/or the barring of an oral presentation of the testimony. The Clerk of the Committee shall provide any such prepared or written statement submitted to the Clerk prior to the hearing to the Members of the Committee prior to the commencement of the hearing. 
nongovernmental capacity, a written statement of proposed testimony shall include a curriculum vita and a disclosure of any Federal grants or contracts, or contracts or payments originating with a foreign government, received during the current calendar year or either of the two preceding calendar years by the witness or by an entity represented by the witness and related to the subject matter of the hearing. Such disclosures shall include the amount and source of each Federal grant (or subgrant thereof) or contract (or subcontract thereof) related to the subject matter of the hearing, and the amount and country of origin of any payment or contract related to the subject matter jurisdiction of the hearing originating with a foreign government. Such statements, with the appropriate redactions to protect the privacy or security of the witness, shall be made publicly available in electronic form not later than one day after the witness appears. 
may punish breaches of order and decorum, by censure and exclusion from the hearing; and the Committee may cite the offender to the House for contempt. 
meeting of the Committee, ringing or audible sounds or conversational use of cellular telephones or other electronic devices is prohibited in the Committee room. 
Referral of Bills and Other Matters by Chairman.—Except for bills and other matters retained by the Chairman for Full Committee consideration, each bill or other matter referred to the Full Committee shall be referred by the Chairman to one or more subcommittees within two weeks of receipt by the Committee. In referring any measure or matter to a subcommittee, the Chair may specify a date by which the subcommittee shall report thereon to the Full Committee. Bills or other matters referred to subcommittees may be reassigned or discharged by the Chairman. 
in a subpoena with the concurrence of the Chairman and the Ranking Minority Member of the Full Committee, or by the Committee, to prevent the disclosure of the Full Committee’s demands for information when deemed necessary for the security of information or the progress of an investigation, including but not limited to prohibiting the revelation by witnesses and their counsel of 
the Committee Clerk shall occur at a time and place other than that of a regularly scheduled meeting. 
are subject to the provisions of clause 9 of House Rule X and must be eligible to be considered for routine access to classified information. 
these rules, Committee staff means the employees of the Committee, detailees, fellows, or any other person engaged by contract or otherwise to perform services for, or at the request of, the Committee. All such persons shall be either Majority, Minority, or shared staff. The Chairman shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Majority staff The Ranking Minority Member shall appoint, supervise, where applicable determine remuneration of, and may remove Minority staff. In consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, the Chairman may appoint, supervise, determine remuneration of and may remove shared staff that is assigned to service of the Committee. The Chairman shall certify Committee staff appointments, including appointments by the Ranking Minority Member, as required. 
public acknowledgement by the Chairman or the Committee of a decision to initiate an investigation of a particular person, entity, or subject, no member of the Committee staff shall knowingly divulge to any person any information, including nonclassified information, which comes into his or her possession by virtue of his or her status as a member of the Committee staff, if the member of the Committee staff has a reasonable expectation that such information may alert the subject of a Committee investigation to the existence, nature, or substance of such investigation, unless authorized to do so by the Chairman or the Committee. 
the primary expense resolution and such additional expense resolutions as may have been approved, travel to be reimbursed from funds set aside for the Committee for any Committee Member or Committee staff shall be paid only upon the prior authorization of the Chairman. Travel may be authorized by the Chairman for any Committee Member or Committee staff only in connection with official Committee business, such as the attendance of hearings conducted by the Committee and meetings, conferences, site visits, and investigations that involve activities or subject matters under the general jurisdiction of the Full Committee. 
and Guidelines .—Travel must be in accordance with the Committee Travel Policy and Guidelines, as well as with House Rules, the Travel Guidelines and Regulations and any additional guidance set forth by the Committee on Ethics and the Committee on House Administration. Committee Members and staff shall follow these rules, policies, guidelines, and regulations in requesting and proceeding with any Committeerelated travel. 
offices, including Majority and Minority offices, shall operate under strict security precautions administered by the Security Officer of the Committee. A security officer shall be on duty at all times during normal office hours. Classified documents and controlled unclassified information (CUI—formerly known as sensitive but unclassified (SBU) information—may be destroyed, discussed, examined, handled, reviewed, stored, transported and used only in an appropriately secure manner in accordance with all applicable laws, executive orders, and other governing authorities. Such documents may be removed from the Committee’s offices only in furtherance of official Committee business. Appropriate security procedures, as determined by the Chairman in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member, shall govern the handling of such documents removed from the Committee’s offices. 
other materials containing classified information in any form that were not made part of the record of a Committee hearing, did not originate in the Committee or the House, and are not otherwise records of the Committee shall, while in the custody of the Committee, be segregated and maintained by the Committee in the same manner as Committee records that are classified. Such documents and other materials shall be returned to the Executive branch agency from which they were obtained at the earliest practicable time. 
classified information supplied to the Committee shall be limited to Committee staff members with appropriate security clearances and a needtoknow, as determined by 
the Chairman or Ranking Minority Member, and under the direction of the Majority or Minority Staff Directors. 
Committee staff may have access to classified information, the following oath (or affirmation) shall be executed: 
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) that I will 
not disclose any classified information received in the course of my service on the Committee on Homeland Security, except as authorized by the Committee or the House of Representatives or in accordance with the Rules of such Committee or the Rules of the House. 
Copies of the executed oath (or affirmation) shall be retained by the Clerk of the Committee as part of the records of the Committee. 
shall immediately consider disciplinary action in the event any Committee Member or Committee staff member fails to conform to the provisions of these rules governing the disclosure of classified or unclassified information. Such disciplinary action may include, but shall not be limited to, immediate dismissal from the Committee staff, criminal referral to the Justice Department, and notification of the Speaker of the House. With respect to Minority staff, the Chairman shall consider such disciplinary action in consultation with the Ranking Minority Member. 
Committee shall maintain a printed calendar for the information of each Committee Member showing any procedural or legislative measures considered or scheduled to be considered by the Committee, and the status of such measures and such other matters as the Committee determines shall be included. The calendar shall be revised from time to time to show pertinent changes. A copy of such revisions shall be made available to each Member of the Committee upon request. 
the Committee and of the House shall have access to all official Committee Records. Access to Committee files shall be limited to examination within the Committee offices at reasonable times. Access to Committee Records that contain classified information shall be provided in a manner consistent with these rules. 
and records of the Committee are not to be removed from the Committee offices. No Committee files or records that are not made publicly available shall be photocopied by any Member. 
testimony received by the Committee in executive session shall not be released or made available to the public unless agreed to by 
the Committee. Such information may be made available to appropriate government personnel for purposes of classification. Such information Members may examine the Conunittee’s executive session records, but may not make copies of, or take personal notes from, such records. 
Committee shall keep a complete record of all Committee action including recorded votes and attendance at hearings and meetings. Information so available for public inspection shall include a description of each amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, including the name of the Member who offered the amendment, motion, order, or other proposition, and the name of each Member voting for and each Member voting against each such amendment, motion, order, or proposition, as well as the names of those Members present but not voting. Such record shall be made available to the public at reasonable times within the Committee offices and also made publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site within 48 hours of such record vote. 
records and files must be kept separate and distinct from the office records of the Members serving as Chairman and Ranking Minority Member. Records and files of Members’ personal offices shall not be considered records or files of the Committee. 
the conclusion of each Congress, noncurrent records of the Committee shall be delivered to the Archivist of the United States in accordance with Rule VII of the Rules of the House. 
XI of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee shall make its rules publicly available in electronic form and posted on the official Committee web site and shall submit such rules for publication in the Congressional Record not later than 30 days after the Chairman of the Committee is elected in each oddnumbered year. 
rules may be modified, amended, or repealed by the Full Committee provided that a notice in writing of the proposed change has been given to each Member at least 48 hours prior to the meeting at which action thereon is to be taken and such changes are not inconsistent with the Rules of the House of Representatives. 
Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to the order of the House of today, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 3 minutes p.m.), 
under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, March 30, 2015, at 1 p.m., unless it sooner has received a message from the Senate transmitting its adoption of House Concurrent Resolution 31, in which case the House shall stand adjourned pursuant to that concurrent resolution. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
duties of the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals for the proposed legislation titled ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016’’; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Reserve Affairs, Office of the Assistant Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s National Guard and Reserve Equipment Report for Fiscal Year 2016, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 10541; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
for Legislation, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s FY 2014 Performance Report to Congress for the Medical Device User Fee Amendments of 2012; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval, Disapproval, and Limited Approval and Disapproval of Air Quality Implementation Plans; California; Monterey Bay Unified Air Pollution Control District; Stationary Source Permits [EPAR09OAR 20140746; FRL992449Region 9] received 
Counsel, General Law, Ethics, and Regulation, Department of the Treasury, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Auditor, transmitting a report entitled ‘‘Oversight Improvements Must Continue to Ensure Accountability in Use of Public Funds by D.C. Public Charter Schools’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
895. A letter from the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, transmitting the 2014 management reports for the Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago, pursuant to 
896. A letter from the Counsel to the Inspector General, Office of the Inspector General, General Services Administration, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Science Foundation, transmitting the National Science Foundation’s FY 2014 Agency Financial Report; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
903. A letter from the Director, Government Publishing Office, transmitting the annual report of the U.S. Government Publishing Office for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2014; to the Committee on House Administration. 
914. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern 
Conference of the United States, transmitting the Conference’s Article III judgeship recommendations and corresponding draft legislation for the 114th Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the report 
on the administration of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938, as amended for the six months ending June 30, 2014; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 923. A letter from the Secretary, Judicial 
Conference of the United States, transmitting the Conference’s bankruptcy judgeship recommendations and corresponding draft legislation for the 114th Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
925. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services; Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting the Annual Report on the Health Care Fraud and Abuse Control Program for FY 2014, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 1395i of the Social Security Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. 
Department of Defense, transmitting additional legislative proposals that the Department of Defense requests be enacted during the first session of the 114th Congress; jointly to the Committees on Armed Services, Education and the Workforce, and Oversight and Government Reform. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Telecommunications and Information Administration Organization Act to provide incentives for the reallocation of Federal Government spectrum for commercial use, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
utilized as a United States courthouse located at 150 Reade Circle in Greenville, North Carolina, as the ‘‘Randy D. Doub United States Courthouse’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. COHEN , Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. 
simplicity, and fairness in the taxation of digital goods and digital services; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
himself, Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio): 
H.R. 1644. A bill to amend the Surface Mining Control and Reclamation Act of 1977 to ensure transparency in the development of environmental regulations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. VEASEY: 
H.R. 1645. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to urbanized area formula grants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN (for herself and Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi): 
H.R. 1646. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Homeland Security to research how small and medium sized unmanned aerial systems could be used in an attack, how to prevent or mitigate the effects of such an attack, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1647. A bill to recognize States’ authority to regulate oil and gas operations and promote American energy security, development, and job creation; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of Interior to establish the Ronald Reagan Birthplace National Historic Site in Tampico, Illinois, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of Defense to enter into partnerships with Israel and other allies of the United States to develop technology to detect tunnels, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committees on Foreign Affairs, and Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R OEof 
H.R. 1650. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to establish a Medicare payment option for patients and eligible professionals to freely contract, without penalty, for Medicare feeforservice items and services, while allowing Medicare beneficiaries to use their Medicare benefits; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
GOSAR , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Land Transaction Facilitation Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
BROWNLEY of California, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. L IPINSKI, Mr. N EAL, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
FATTAH , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. T ONKO , 
H.R. 1652. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to provide for the purchase of paper United States savings bonds with tax refunds; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1653. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to remove the exclusion of Medicare coverage for hearing aids and examinations therefor, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. N UNES , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. C OOK, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. D IAZ 
BALART , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
Mr. H UNTER , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. T URNER , Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. 
ZINKE, Mr. P OLIS, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
provision of defense articles, defense services, and related training to the Kurdistan Regional Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
COSTA , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Services Block Grant Act to reauthorize and modernize the Act; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
resources for the Secret Service, and to improve protections for restricted areas; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1657. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prevent claims of the earned income tax credit by individuals receiving work authorizations pursuant to deferred action programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Texas, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F RANKS of 
HARTZLER , Mr. R OSS, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
H.R. 1658. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to limit the circumstances in which official time may be used by a Federal employee; to the Committee on Oversight 
H.R. 1659. A bill to amend certain provisions of the securities laws relating to the treatment of emerging growth companies; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1660. A bill to amend the Home Owners’ Loan Act to allow Federal savings associations to elect to operate as national banks, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1661. A bill to amend the Federal Deposit Insurance Act to allow mutual capital certificates to satisfy capital requirements for mutual depositories; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
H.R. 1662. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to replace the mortgage interest deduction with a nonrefundable credit for indebtedness secured by a residence, to provide affordable housing to extremely low income families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1663. A bill to greatly enhance America’s path toward energy independence and economic and national security, to rebuild our Nation’s aging roads, bridges, locks, and dams, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, Rules, the Budget, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1664. A bill to authorize health insurance issuers to continue to offer for sale current group and individual health insurance coverage in satisfaction of the minimum essential health insurance coverage requirement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1665. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to equalize the excise tax on liquefied natural gas and liquefied petroleum gas; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself and Mr. TIBERI ): 
H.R. 1666. A bill to require the use of two 
phase selection procedures when designbuild contracts are suitable for award to small business concerns; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, and Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia): 
Species Act of 1973 to require publication of the basis for determinations that species are endangered species or threatened species, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Species Act of 1973 to provide for suspension of application of the Act to water releases by Federal and State agencies in river basins that are affected by drought, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1669. A bill to amend title 31, United 
States Code, to provide for transparency of payments made from the Judgment Fund; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. LYNCH (for himself, Mr. 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J ONES , Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. L ANCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R ICEof 
South Carolina, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Ms. T SONGAS ): 
H.R. 1670. A bill to direct the Architect of 
the Capitol to place in the United States Capitol a chair honoring American Prisoners of War/Missing in Action; to the Committee on House Administration. 
HARRIS , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. T ROTT , 
Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. 
WALBERG , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , 
H.R. 1671. A bill to preserve open competition and Federal Government neutrality towards the labor relations of Federal Government contractors on Federal and federally funded construction projects; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
BASS, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. C LAY, and 
H.R. 1672. A bill to provide for the sealing 
or expungement of records relating to Federal nonviolent criminal offenses, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Housing Enterprises Financial Safety and Soundness Act of 1992 to establish a secondary reserve fund for a housing enterprise under conservatorship to protect taxpayers against loss in the event of a housing downturn, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1674. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code to modify the dischargeability of debts for certain educational payments and loans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and Exchange Commission to revise its rules so as to increase the threshold amount for requiring issuers to provide certain disclosures relating to compensatory benefit plans; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. R USH, Ms. F UDGE , 
Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
H.R. 1676. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to establish a weekend and holiday feeding program to provide nutritious food to atrisk school children on weekends and during extended school holidays during the school year; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. SALMON, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. K ELLY  
YOHO, Mr. F ARR, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. L OFGREN , and Mr. 
Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 to ensure health care coverage value and transparency for dental benefits under group health plans; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
HUNTER , Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. L OBIONDO ): 
H.R. 1678. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Defense to establish a backup for the global positioning system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 1679. A bill to ensure the safe transportation of Bakken crude oil by rail, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. ELLISON , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mrs. 
H.R. 1680. A bill to establish a pilot grant 
program to assist State and local law enforcement agencies in purchasing bodyworn cameras for law enforcement officers; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1681. A bill to extend the authorization for the major medical facility project to replace the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers to manage the construction of such project, to transfer the authority to carry out future major medical facility projects of the Department from the Secretary to the Army Corps of Engineers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
RANGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
promote education about jazz in the United States and abroad; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
CARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. D ELANEY , 
Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. H IMES, Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. L ARSON of 
Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
Georgia, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T ONKO , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
COLE, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. T AKANO , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. 
HARPER , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. I SRAEL , 
ROSS, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. 
ESTY, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R OGERS of 
Kentucky, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. P ALAZZO , Ms. C LARKE  
of New York, Mr. S MITH of Washington, Mr. L AMBORN , Ms. S PEIER , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mrs. 
KIRKPATRICK , Mr. J ONES , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, 
Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
SERRANO , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S COTT 
ALLARD , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. C OOPER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ABLAN , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. 
DELAURO , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. 
Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. L ONG, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , and Mr. W ITTMAN ): 
H.R. 1683. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the United States Coast Guard; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Mr. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. 
H.R. 1684. A bill to amend the Oil Pollution 
Act of 1990 and the Federal Water Pollution Control Act to impose penalties and provide for the recovery of removal costs and damages in connection with certain discharges of oil from foreign offshore units, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Mr. B OST, and Mr. K INZINGER of Illinois): 
the Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to address considerations in evaluating the need for public and individual disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1686. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to reduce the occurrence of diabetes in Medicare beneficiaries by extending coverage under Medicare for medical nutrition therapy services to such beneficiaries with prediabetes or with risk factors for developing type 2 diabetes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. N ORTON, and Mr. R USH): 
H.R. 1687. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to impose an excise tax on sugarsweetened beverages, to dedicate the revenues from such tax to the prevention, treatment, and research of dietrelated health conditions in priority populations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of 
such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1688. A bill to amend the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014 to designate 20 graduate medical education residency positions specifically for the study of optometry; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. P ERRY ): 
H.R. 1689. A bill to prohibit the provision of 
certain foreign assistance to countries receiving certain detainees transferred from 
United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
By Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. MURPHY  
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the 
‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. DUFFY (for himself, Mr. FORTENBERRY , and Mr. N EWHOUSE ): 
H.R. 1691. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to prohibit an institution of higher education located in the United States from participating in student assistance programs under title IV of such Act if the institution bans the display of the flag of the United States on its campus; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1692. A bill to require public employees to perform the inspection of State and local surface transportation projects, and related essential public functions, to ensure public safety, the costeffective use of transportation funding, and timely project delivery; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
amounts for White House salaries and expenses; to the Committee on Appropriations. 
H.R. 1694. A bill to amend MAP21 to improve contracting opportunities for veteran owned small business concerns, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
NEUGEBAUER , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. J ONES , and 
H.R. 1695. A bill to provide for parental notification and intervention in the case of an unemancipated minor seeking an abortion; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Tariff Schedule of the United States to extend the tariff preference level on imports of certain cotton and manmade fiber, fabric, apparel, and madeup goods from Bahrain under the United StatesBahrain Free Trade Agreement; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1697. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to extend and modify the tax credit for electric vehicle recharging property; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
himself and Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York): 
H.R. 1698. A bill to amend design and content requirements for certain gold and silver coins, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1699. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to require Federal Prison Industries to compete for its contracts minimizing its unfair competition with private sector firms and their noninmate workers and empowering Federal agencies to get the best 
fiveyear period during which Federal Prison Industries adjusts to obtaining inmate work opportunities through other than its mandatory source status, to enhance inmate access 
to remedial and vocational opportunities and other rehabilitative opportunities to better prepare inmates for a successful return to society, to authorize alternative inmate work opportunities in support of nonprofit organizations and other public service programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
BASS, Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. M CGOVERN ): 
H.R. 1700. A bill to amend section 292 of the 
Immigration and Nationality Act to require the Attorney General to appoint counsel for unaccompanied alien children and aliens with serious mental disabilities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1701. A bill to restore Second Amendment rights in the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1702. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide that for purposes of computing the annuity of certain law enforcement officers, any hours worked in excess of the limitation applicable to law enforcement availability pay and administratively uncontrollable overtime shall be included in such computation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1703. A bill to amend the Fair Credit 
Reporting Act to create protected credit reports for minors and protect the credit of minors, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1704. A bill to establish a nation data 
breach notification standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Water Pollution Control Act to assist municipalities and regional sewer authorities that would experience a significant hardship raising the revenue necessary to finance projects and activities for the construction of wastewater treatment works, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
DELAURO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T AKANO , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D AVID 
Mr. N ADLER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L EWIS, 
Mexico, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. A DAMS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , 
Ms. T ITUS, Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. 
H.R. 1706. A bill to provide for the overall 
health and wellbeing of young people, including the promotion of comprehensive sexual health and healthy relationships, the reduction of unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted infections (STIs), including HIV, and the prevention of dating violence 
and sexual assault, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. K IND, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. M CCOLLUM , and Mr. 
Health Service Act to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a Frontline Providers Loan Repayment Program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to establish a program of research regarding the risks posed by the presence of dioxin, synthetic fibers, chemical fragrances, and other components of feminine hygiene products; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
MATSUI , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. T ONKO , and 
H.R. 1709. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to provide for the assessment and management of the risks of drought to drinking water, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1710. A bill to amend the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 to provide additional financing options for water infrastructure projects carried out in States in which the Governor of the State has issued a state of drought emergency declaration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
SALMON , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C RAWFORD , 
Mr. G OSAR , Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. Y OHO, and 
H.R. 1711. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, with respect to employee protective arrangements, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1712. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to exempt providers of broadband Internet access service from Federal universal service contributions; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1713. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude from Federal income taxation certain employerprovided student loan assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mr. D OLD, Ms. K USTER , 
Ms. F OXX, Mr. R USH, Mr. M EADOWS , 
Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. H ANNA , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
LATTA , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. W OMACK , 
Mrs. B LACK , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
DENT, Mr. B ARLETTA , and Mr. S ENSENBRENNER ): 
sugar program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
LOUDERMILK , Mr. W ALKER , Mr. P ALMER, Mr. B ABIN, and Mr. B RAT): 
H.R. 1715. A bill to prohibit the use of funds 
to carry out certain immigrationrelated memoranda, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Homeland Security, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Alabama, Mr. J ONES , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. O LSON , Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. C HAFFETZ , Mr. W ILSON  
H.R. 1716. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to exclude from creditable wages and selfemployment income wages earned for services by aliens illegally performed in the United States and selfemployment income derived from a trade or business illegally conducted in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. E NGEL , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H OYER , 
Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
LUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. S CHIFF , 
SIMPSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. S MITH 
and activities with respect to the prevention of underage drinking; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
FUDGE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. H ANNA , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. 
H.R. 1718. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for collegiate housing and infrastructure grants; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1719. A bill to expand geothermal production, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1720. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to increase the exclusion for employerprovided dependent care assistance; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
HANNA , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. K ATKO , and 
H.R. 1721. A bill to reauthorize appropriations for the National Women’s Rights History Project Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
HOLLEN , Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. T SONGAS , 
program on the accession as Air Force officers of candidates with auditory impairments; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
and Exchange Commission to revise Form S 1 so as to permit smaller reporting companies to use forward incorporation by reference for such form; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 1724. A bill to amend title 23, United 
States Code, to reduce Federal spending on surface transportation programs by limiting State and local taxation on purchases of construction materials made with funds made available from the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
KENNEDY , Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. P ALLONE ): 
the controlled substance monitoring program under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1726. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to improve access to diabetes selfmanagement training by authorizing certified diabetes educators to provide diabetes selfmanagement training services, including as part of telehealth services, under part B of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1727. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage, as supplies associated with the injection of insulin, of containment, removal, decontamination and disposal of homegenerated needles, syringes, and other sharps through a sharps container, decontamination/destruction device, or sharpsbymail program or similar program under part D of the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 1728. A bill to amend the Richard B. 
Russell National School Lunch Act to improve the efficiency of summer meals; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Bird Treaty Act to exempt certain Alaskan Native articles from prohibitions against sale of items containing nonedible migratory bird parts, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 1730. A bill to amend the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act to provide that Alexander Creek, Alaska, is and shall be recognized as an eligible Native village under that Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to limit the number of consecutive terms that a Member of Congress may serve; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
an amendment to the Constitution of the United States to end the practice of including more than one subject in a single law by requiring that each law enacted by Congress be limited to only one subject and that the subject be clearly and descriptively expressed in the title of the law; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H. Con. Res. 30. Concurrent resolution supporting the designation of the year of 2015 as the International Year of Soils and supporting locally led soil conservation; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
H. Con. Res. 31. Concurrent resolution providing for a conditional adjournment of the House of Representatives; considered and agreed to. 
H. Con. Res. 32. Concurrent resolution providing for a conditional recess or adjournment of the Senate; considered and agreed to. 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. B LUM, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. D UNCAN of 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ATKO , 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 33. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress that the Federal excise tax on heavyduty trucks should not be increased; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
for designation of March 2015 as ‘‘National Cheerleading Safety Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Ms. ADAMS (for herself, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. E STY, Ms. 
CROWLEY , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. B ROWNLEY  
DELAURO , Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. S EWELL  
Ms. N ORTON , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, 
significance of women in education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
SCHRADER , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. S EAN 
GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C OURT NEY, Ms. K USTER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives that specialty crops are a vital part of agriculture 
in the United States, and that Congress should fund programs that support specialty crops as a growing and important part of agriculture in the United States; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
TORRES , Mr. S ABLAN , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. V ARGAS , 
LEWIS, Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. J UDY 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S IRES, and Mrs. 
H. Res. 178. A resolution honoring the accomplishments and legacy of Ce ´sar Estrada 
POLIS, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives that the Secretary of Defense should review section 504 of title 10, United States Code, for purposes related to enlisting certain aliens in the Armed Forces; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the University of Kansas for 150 years of outstanding service to the State of Kansas, the United States, and the world; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H. Res. 181. A resolution calling for the immediate extradition or rendering to the United States of convicted felon William Morales and all other fugitives from justice who are receiving safe harbor in Cuba in order to escape prosecution or confinement for criminal offenses committed in the United States; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Mr. T AKANO , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. L EWIS, 
Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , 
goals and ideals of National Youth HIV & AIDS Awareness Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for the designation of the week of April 13, 2015 through April 17, 2015 as National Specialized Instructional Support Personnel Awareness Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to require the House to meet 5 days a week for 39 weeks each year; to the Committee on Rules. 
Rules of the House of Representatives to provide for the consideration of reported bills or joint resolutions that have not been considered by the House within 60 calendar days; to the Committee on Rules. 
By Mr. REED (for himself, Ms. M OORE , 
SCHULTZ , Mr. M ARINO , Mrs. W ATSON  
COLEMAN , Mr. H ANNA , Ms. N ORTON , 
Mr. G IBSON , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mrs. 
goals and ideals of Sexual Assault Awareness and Prevention Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Ms. LEE, Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M CGOVERN , 
goals and ideals of National Public Health Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G UTHRIE , Ms. 
MENG, Mr. M ARINO , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
sense of the House of Representatives with respect to promoting energy security of European allies through the opening of the Southern Gas Corridor; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1641. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
H.R. 1642. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 17 
H.R. 1643. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
Constitution—known as the Commerce Clause, and Section 5 of the Fourteenth Amendment. 
H.R. 1644. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1648. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1649. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1650. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
current law that is operated by the federal government. This bill would improve the efficiency, accessibility and fairness of the operations of this federal program, especially the purchase of services and freedom to contract between doctors and Medicare recipients. This bill directly affects interstate commerce, which Congress has the power to regulate under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 1651. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ 
H.R. 1652. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes; 
H.R. 1653. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1654. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1655. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1657. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Amd. 16, under the ‘‘power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1658. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution states ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution states ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof’’ 
H.R. 1659. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1660. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1661. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States ‘‘[t]o regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1662. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 7, Clause 1 and Section 8, 
H.R. 1663. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1664. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1665. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the Power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debt and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
‘‘. . . and provide for the . . . general welfare of the United States . . . ’’ 
‘‘. . . to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
government contracting procedures under Section 3309 of title 41, U.S. Code. 
H.R. 1667. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United 
States Constitution: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1668. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (the Property Clause), which confers on Congress the power to make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the property belonging to the United States. 
H.R. 1669. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1670. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 section 8 Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 1671. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
from, but may not be limited to, Article I, Section 8, Clausel of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1672. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the United States Constitution, the Congress shall have the power ‘‘[t]o regulate commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1673. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1674. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1675. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, as this legislation regulates commerce between the states. 
Congress with the authority to enact legislation necessary to execute one of its enumerated powers, such as Article I, Section 8, Clause 3. 
H.R. 1676. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1677. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
order to amend ERISA—which was passed based on a combination of Article 1 Section 8 Clause 3 (commerce clause) and Article 1 Section 8 Clause 18 (the necessary and proper clause). 
H.R. 1678. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1679. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1680. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1681. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1682. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1683. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the Power to . . . coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures . . . 
H.R. 1684. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1685. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Necessary and Proper Clause. The bill is constitutionally authorized under the Necessary and Proper Clause, which supports the expansion of congressional authority beyond the explicit authorities that are directly discernible from the text. 
H.R. 1686. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1687. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1688. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1689. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1690. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United 
States Constitution: To exercise exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of Particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of the Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockYards, and other needful Buildings 
H.R. 1691. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 1692. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress is authorized to enact this legislation under the Commerce Clause, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ Additionally, Congress has the authority to enact this legislation pursuant to the Preamble of the Constitution, ‘‘to promote the general welfare.’’ 
H.R. 1693. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clauses 1 and 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States:’’ 
and proper for carry into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1694. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1695. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘The Congress shall have power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States.’’ The Parental Notification and Intervention Act specifically establishes a federal nexus in that it applies to ‘‘any person or organization in or affecting interstate commerce.’’ 
shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
The Parental Notification and Intervention Act also establishes a federal nexus in that it specifically applies ‘‘any person or organization . . . who solicits or accepts federal funds.’’ The power to appropriate money and make laws to execute this power, gives Congress the authority to make laws affecting persons or entities that accept federal funds. 
H.R. 1696. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1697. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
18: of the United States Constitution, seen below, this bill falls within the Constitutional Authority of the United States Congress. 
Article 1: Section 8: Clause 18: To make all 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1698. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8—To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
Amendment X—Nothing in the Constitution authorizes the Federal government to do anything other than those things enumerated (coin money, enter into treaties, conduct a Census—which are inherently governmental). Thus, under Amendment X, the right to carry out commercial activities is reserved to the States, respectively, or to the people. 
H.R. 1700. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 4 and 18 of the 
H.R. 1701. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1702. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LANGEVIN: 
H.R. 1703. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grant Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 1704. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1705. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes 
H.R. 1706. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 1707. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 1708. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and within Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1709. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1710. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1711. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution, which states, ‘‘The Congress shall have the power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian Tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1712. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 & Article 1, 
H.R. 1713. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1714. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: 
H.R. 1715. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, section 8 of the Constitution provides that Congress shall have power to ‘‘establish a uniform rule of naturalization.’’ 
H.R. 1716. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
H.R. 1717. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1718. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have the power to lay 
and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States 
H.R. 1719. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 2 of section 3 of article IV of the 
Constitution (‘‘The Congress shall have the Power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property belonging to the United States . . .’’). 
H.R. 1720. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1721. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 1722. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1723. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1724. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1725. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1726. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United 
AND Article I, Section 8, clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1727. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 1728. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1729. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1730. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 39. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the United States Constitution: The Congress, whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution . . . which . . . shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof. 
H.J. Res. 40. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article V of the United States Constitution: The Congress, whenever two thirds of both houses shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this Constitution . . . which . . . shall be valid to all intents and purposes, as part of this Constitution, when ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states, or by conventions in three fourths thereof. 
H.J. Res. 41. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress the authority, whenever two thirds of both Houses deem it necessary, to propose amendments to the Constitution. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 121: Mr. Russell. H.R. 131: Mr. WITTMAN . 
H.R. 235: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. G RANGER , 
Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. D UFFY , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
LAMALFA , and Mr. D ENT. H.R. 267: Ms. M CCOLLUM . 
H.R. 292: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSEN of 
H.R. 313: Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. 
H.R. 463: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. F INCHER , and Mr. B RADY of 
H.R. 511: Mr. P EARCE and Mr. M ULVANEY . 
H.R. 542: Mr. W ALZand Ms. B ROWN of Florida. 
H.R. 546: Mr. L IPINSKI and Mr. J OHNSON of 
H.R. 592: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. L UETKEMEYER , and Mr. M ICHAEL  
H.R. 625: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 650: Mr. F ITZPATRICK and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 704: Mr. L OBIONDO and Mr. C URBELO of 
H.R. 727: Mrs. C APPS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . 
H.R. 735: Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. L EE, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. P OLIS, and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 738: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. F ARR, and Ms. 
H.R. 767: Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
H.R. 797: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. P OLIS, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Miss 
RICEof New York, Ms. M ENG, Mr. J EFFRIES , 
Mr. E NGEL , Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Ms. 
H.R. 816: Mr. M ICA, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, and Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan. 
H.R. 845: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 893: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. 
TIBERI , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. R OSS, Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
TURNER , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. R ENACCI , 
Mr. P ITTS, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D ENT, 
Mr. M CHENRY , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. R IGELL , 
Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. C RENSHAW , 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. P ETERS , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. P ALLONE , 
Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. L OEBSACK , and Mr. 
H.R. 928: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. E MMER of Minnesota, Mr. Z INKE, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
BOST, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 973: Mr. D EUTCH and Mr. B ERA. 
ALLEN , Mr. W ALBERG , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, 
H.R. 1062: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 1088: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H IMES, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, 
Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. N OLAN , 
Mr. R ICHMOND , Ms. S INEMA , and Ms. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. L EWIS and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 1105: Mrs. R OBY, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. D OLD, and Mr. W OMACK . 
H.R. 1143: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mr. 
H.R. 1148: Mr. B ABIN and Mr. D UNCAN of 
H.R. 1192: Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. P OMPEO , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , and Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1199: Mr. S ESSIONS and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1218: Mr. H UFFMAN and Mr. E MMER of 
H.R. 1221: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. V ISCLOSKY . 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R IGELL and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1250: Mr. G OHMERT and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . 
H.R. 1266: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
H.R. 1269: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. E NGEL , and 
H.R. 1298: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. B ABIN, 
H.R. 1301: Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. 
H.R. 1338: Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1342: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. J ONES , and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1365: Mr. B ABIN, Mr. P ALMER , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. 
JONES , Mr. R OUZER , Mr. L ATTA , Mr. D UFFY , 
H.R. 1387: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1413: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. L ATTA . 
H.R. 1435: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia and Ms. 
H.R. 1462: Mr. B ARR, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , 
Ms. T SONGAS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1479: Mr. G RIFFITH and Mrs. W AGNER . 
H.R. 1506: Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. B ENRAYLUJA´N 
H.R. 1530: Mr. S TIVERS and Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 1538: Ms. N ORTON , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
NADLER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R OHRABACHER , 
Mr. H UNTER , and Mr. H ANNA . 
H.R. 1548: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
H.R. 1553: Mr. B LUM and Mr. N EUGEBAUER . 
H.R. 1559: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. S TIVERS , 
Mrs. B EATTY , and Mr. K INGof New York. 
H.R. 1594: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1599: Mr. L ONG, Mr. H UELSKAMP , and 
H.R. 1619: Mr. C LAY, Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 26: Mr. S MITH of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. J ODYB. 
HICEof Georgia, Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W EBER of 
H. Res. 28: Mr. S IRES, Ms. G ABBARD , and 
the City of Robbinsdale, Minnesota, relative to Resolution No. 7402, opposing the proposed CPBNSF connection because of the significant impact it would have to public safety, commerce, and quality of life; which was referred to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1959 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, MARCH 26, 2015 No. 51 