support of House Resolution 50, calling on the release of the detained Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko. 
captured by Russiacontrolled forces in July 2014 in eastern Ukraine; illegally transferred to Russia, and later charged with trumped up charges of murder. Since then, she has been kept in Russian custody. There can be little doubt that she is being held as a political prisoner, punished for her defiance, and used as a bargaining tool in Russia’s protracted offense against Ukraine. 
come to represent the spirit of an independent Ukraine. A Ukraine that is free from interference and eager to embrace the will of its 
own people, striving towards the rule of law and democracy. We all know that the last two years have been difficult. Since the start of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, eight thousand people have been killed, over a million people have been displaced, and Crimea has become occupied. All the while, meaningful progress seems elusive as reports of continued fighting make news week after week. 
Ms. Savchenko’s courage and spirit have inspired millions of people around the world. Here at home, the UkrainianAmerican community in my home district has followed her case especially closely. Together, we worried for her health when she underwent a lengthy hunger strike earlier in the year. And we also worried for her wellbeing, as her case suffered repeated and unfair delays. We now call for her release. 
rights issues, it is easy to see through the repeated delays, the socalled psychiatric evaluations, and the changes in venues to discourage outside observers. These tactics are used all too often as tools of intimidation and confusion by authoritarian regimes. 
where journalists were barred from the courtroom. I have no reason to believe that her trial will be fair, given the precedents set thus far. 
I call for her release, and urge my colleagues to rise in support of Ms. Savchenko, and in support of the Ukrainian people. Let us send a unified message in support of human rights around the world. 
Speaker, I have an amendment to the text of the resolution at the desk. 
Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: 
allies, and the international community to aggressively support efforts to release Nadiya Savchenko and other illegally detained persons; 
United States not to recognize the de jure or de facto sovereignty of the Russian Federation over any part of Ukraine, its airspace, or its territorial waters; 
targeted sanctions against persons responsible for the kidnapping, arrest, and imprisonment of Nadiya Savchenko and other illegally detained persons; and 
reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The resolution, as amended, was 
Speaker, I have an amendment to the preamble at the desk. 
scheduled to begin in Russia on September 22, 2015; 
ever female fighter pilot in Ukraine’s Armed Forces and is an Iraqi war veteran; 
Ukraine, Savchenko volunteered her services to the Ukrainian Aidar battalion; 
absentia from the Batkivshchyna Party to Ukraine’s Parliament in October 2014, and appointed to the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) as a representative from Ukraine; 
of Ukraine, Savchenko was conducting operations in eastern Ukraine against proRussian forces in the summer of 2014 when she was captured and taken into captivity; 
Whereas Savchenko was captured and illegally transferred to the Russian Federation to stand trial on unsubstantiated charges of murder, attempted murder, and illegally entering Russian territory among other allegations; 
Whereas while being kept in Russian custody since July 2014, Savchenko’s hearing and trial dates have been repeatedly delayed; 
Savchenko conducted a hunger strike lasting over 80 days; 
2014, signed by Ukraine and the Russian Federation, calls for the ‘‘immediate release of all hostages and illegally held persons’’; 
United Nations Human Rights Council and the International Red Cross to secure Savchenko’s release; 
Whereas the international community including representatives of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) and of the United States have urged her immediate release; 
day of the Parliamentary Assembly, a broad range of individuals and organizations in the United States and Europe dedicated to promoting human rights embarked on a public campaign to bring attention to Savchenko’s plight and demanded her immediate release; 
States Senate passed S. Res. 52 by unanimous consent, a Resolution calling for Savchenko’s release; 
Rada of Ukraine voted unanimously to pass a resolution ‘‘On the imposing of sanctions on persons responsible for the illegal imprisonment in the Russian Federation of Nadiya Savchenko’’, which included the names of 35 individuals believed to be responsible for Nadiya Savchenko’s illegal imprisonment; and 
States and its people express concern about the continued illegal imprisonment of Nadiya Savchenko: Now, therefore, be it 
reading). Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. The amendment to the preamble was 
amended so as to read: ‘‘A resolution calling for the release of Ukrainian fighter pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who was captured by proRussian forces in Eastern Ukraine and has been held illegally in a Russian prison since July 2014.’’. 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to submit statements and extraneous materials for the RECORD on H. Res. 50. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 2051. 
That the Senate passed S. 1109. With best wishes, I am 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
S. 1109. An act to require adequate information regarding the tax treatment of payments under settlement agreements entered into by Federal agencies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. BILLS PRESENTED TO THE 
reported that on September 17, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
planning for and communication during security incidents at domestic airports, and for 
further reported that on September 21, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 23. To reauthorize the National Windstorm Impact Reduction Program, and for other purposes. 
Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 4 o’clock and 6 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Thursday, September 24, 2015, at 8:30 a.m. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the third quarter 
of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JEFFREY DRESSLER, EXPENDED BETWEEN AUG. 26 AND SEPT. 1, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, CASON HIGHTOWER, EXPENDED BETWEEN AUG. 16 AND AUG. 22, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, JENNIFER M. STEWART, EXPENDED BETWEEN SEPT. 2 AND SEPT. 6, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO ITALY AND UKRAINE, EXPENDED BETWEEN JULY 31 AND AUG. 6, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2890. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental 
2906. A letter from the Assistant Legal Adviser, Office of Treaty Affairs, Department of State, transmitting agreements prepared by the Department of State concerning international agreements, other than treaties entered into by the United States, to be transmitted to the Congress within the sixtyday period specified in the CaseZablocki Act, 1 U.S.C. 112b; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 3345 3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 3345 3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of Defense, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 3345 3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Senior Executive Management Office, Department of the Army, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277, 5 U.S.C. 3345 3349d; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s interim rule — International Fisheries; Western and Central Pacific Fisheries for Highly 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
PAYNE ): H.R. 3583. A bill to reform and improve the 
Federal Emergency Management Agency, the Office of Emergency Communications, and the Office of Health Affairs of the Department of Homeland Security, and for 
other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
and identify efficiencies within the Transportation Security Administration, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3585. A bill to authorize surface transportation research and development programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself and Mr. MCCAUL): 
Security Act of 2002 to improve border and maritime security coordination in the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Waste Policy Act of 1982 to provide for the development of plans for dry cask storage of spent nuclear fuel, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3588. A bill to require the establishment of a Consumer Price Index for Elderly Consumers to compute costofliving increases for Social Security benefits under title II of the Social Security Act and to provide, in the case of elderly beneficiaries under such title, for an annual costofliving increase which is not less than 3 percent; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3589. A bill to amend title 46, United 
States Code, to ensure continuing funding for the United States Merchant Marine Academy; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. B ISHOP of 
H.R. 3590. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the increase in the income threshold used in determining the deduction for medical care; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. REED (for himself and Mr. LANGEVIN ): 
H.R. 3591. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as section 179 property and classify certain automated fire sprinkler system retrofits as 15year property for purposes of depreciation; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 3592. A bill to establish a pilot program to reduce the number of vehicles owned by certain Federal departments and increase the use of ridesharing services; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 3593. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to issue or revise regulations to ensure that a person who holds a private pilot certificate may communicate with the public to facilitate certain shared cost flights, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of California, Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. V AN 
HOLLEN , Mr. Y ARMUTH , and Mr. G RIJALVA ): 
for designation of the week of September 21, 2015, as National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
of the House of Representatives of the State of Texas, relative to House Resolution No. 1508, expressing support for the use of sound science to study and regulate such modern agricultural technologies as crop protection chemistries, genetically engineered or enhanced traits, and nutrients; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
134. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Texas, relative to House Resolution No. 1605, expressing the commitment of the House of Representatives of the 84th Texas State Legislature to the elimination of illegal fishing, to the long term conservation of Texas marine resources, and to the protection of the Texas Gulf Coast fishing and coastal communities; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, relative to House Joint Resolution 195, requesting that the Covenant Section 902 process be utilized by the President of the United States of America and the Governor of the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands as the sole forum of discussion, consultation, and negotiation to address the United States’ desire to acquire any interest in real property not already given under the Covenant; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
136. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Texas, relative to House Resolution No. 1835, expressing support for the implementation of the Next Generation Air Transportation System; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
137. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Texas, relative to House Resolution No. 1215, urging the Congress to instruct the Transportation Security Administration to accept concealed handgun licenses as valid forms of identification; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3576. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3584. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3585. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have power to regulate 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with Indian tribes. 
H.R. 3586. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States 
H.R. 3587. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under the following provisions of the United States Constitution: 
Article I, Section 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 1; Article I, Section 8, Clause 3; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
H.R. 3588. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3589. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to the Congress by Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3590. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 This Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Dueties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 3591. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3592. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3593. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 333: Mr. T ONKO and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 379: Mr. T ONKO , Mr. B ARLETTA , Ms. 
CLARKE of New York, and Ms. S TEFANIK . 
H.R. 1019: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. R EED, 
H.R. 1258: Mr. H IMES, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. 
DESAULNIER , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
H.R. 1347: Mr. H OYER and Mr. R UPPERS BERGER . 
H.R. 1644: Mr. L ATTA and Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi. 
H.R. 1848: Mr. C APUANO , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 1854: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY and Mr. W ALKER. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. B EYER and Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 2847: Mr. G ARAMENDI . H.R. 2858: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 2957: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 2982: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H ONDA , and Mr. 
H.R. 3151: Mr. P ALMER and Mr. K INGof 
H.R. 3268: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. N ORCROSS , 
Ms. G RAHAM , Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. S ERRANO , 
H.R. 3314: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, and Mr. C ONAWAY . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. M CHENRY and Mr. H ECKof 
H.R. 3381: Mr. W ELCH , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. 
H.R. 3512: Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. 
VELA, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. C ARSON of Indiana. 
H.R. 3514: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. C ONYERS . 
STEWART , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 3543: Ms. B ASS, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
H.R. 3573: Mr. N UNES and Mr. C RAMER . 
H. Con. Res. 51: Mr. D ONOVAN and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. B ROWN of 
Florida, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. 
York, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. E LLISON , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Ms. M ATSUI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mr. R USH, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C APUANO , 
H. Res. 207: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H. Res. 214: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C ASTROof Texas, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  
GRISHAM of New Mexico, and Mr. B EYER . 
H. Res. 277: Mr. S MITH of Texas and Mrs. 
H. Res. 354: Ms. D UCKWORTH , Mr. M OULTON , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. H IGGINS , and 
and papers were laid on the clerk’s desk and referred as follows: 
Barack Obama, Senator Charles Schumer, Senator Kirsten Gillibrand, Representative Thomas Reed, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, House of Representatives Speaker John Boehner, and House of Representatives Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, to vigorously oppose the proposed reductions in funding for the Community Development Block Grant and HOME Program and the elimination of the ‘‘grandfathering’’ of metropolitan cities not meeting population levels for which they initially qualified as a HUD Entitlement Community; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
28. Also, a petition of the Mayor and City 
Council of Westminster, CA, relative to Resolution No. 4550, urging the 114th United States Congress to adopt H.R. 2140 — The Vietnam Human Rights Act of 2015 and support attaching human rights conditions to trade and security agreements with Vietnam 
and prohibit DRAFT nonhumanitarian aid unless the President certifies to Congress that the government of Vietnam has made substantial progress respecting political, civil, media, Internet, religious freedoms, minority rights, access to U.S. refugee programs, actions to end trafficking in persons, and the release of religious and political prisoners; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6859 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 22, 2015 No. 137 