amidst all the turmoil on the world stage, I think many of us are still processing the visit from Pope Francis last week, his call for us to care for the planet, for our fellow man, for all of God’s creatures. 
Hill, there is more than a little turmoil in terms of what is going to happen after the resignation of Speaker BOEHNER. There looks to be a little good 
news that we will avert a government shutdown, at least for a few months, as we continue to have the misdirected crusade to defund Planned Parenthood. 
of deaths from prescription drug abuse and heroin overdoses. Mr. Speaker, it is something that is creating problems from Portland, Oregon, to Portland, Maine; yet, in the midst of that epidemic, there was a stark symbol of our dysfunction on something that most Americans now think should be legal. 
that live in States where they can get access to medical marijuana. Four States and the District of Columbia have legalized adult use, and more States are going to be voting on it again this year; yet we have arrested over 7 million people over the last 10 years, costing billions of dollars. 
It can turn lives upside down, particularly lives of young men of color, especially African Americans, who are arrested many times more often even though their use is the same as White young men. It fuels that frustration that one can understand in the African American community. 
I would suggest that it is time for us 
to focus law enforcement resources on real drug problems, deal with that epidemic of prescription drug abuse and heroin overdose. Let’s deal with making sure that our children are safe 
rather than at risk from a vast underground drug distribution network. 
source of revenue for people who would like to rob them. 
policy until we reclassify marijuana, frankly, no less dangerous than tobacco, which is completely legal in every State. In the meantime, we should at least stay out of the way, let States formulate their own policy, and have local authorities deal with real problems, not creating unnecessary ones. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ) for 5 minutes. 
many in California, including my own family and my neighbors, it is an exciting time this year. This is harvest time. Busy, but again, a very enjoyable time we all look forward to as farmers and ranchers. You see more combines, shakers, and sweepers running from sunrise to sunset working to fill the next truckload with this season’s crops. And you see the men and women responsible for producing nearly half of all U.S.grown vegetables, nuts, and fruits. 
State paints a much different picture, one with fallowing fields, wells that are going dry, and less and less truckloads of crops leaving those farms. As a farmer myself, we know it is the last truckload that leaves the field that is the one you make your living on. 
wines to almonds and pistachios, exports are down and production is lower, causing a troubling ripple effect in the region and across our Nation’s economy in the form of lost jobs and revenue and less choices for highquality crops grown by Americans for our American consumers. 
The numbers for this year are without a doubt very troubling. Onfarm gate prices are down, and farm yields per acre are down. According to a recent UC Davis study, just California alone is set to lose about $2.7 billion due to the drought. Farm employment is down by over 10,000 jobs this year, as well as the 21,000 or so indirect jobs that will also be lost by those involved in the production and processing of farm crops. 
at least $716 million, being replaced by an already troubled and strapped unemployment. Direct crop revenue losses are going to be up to $900 million, straight out of grower’s pockets. In addition, the rice harvest is expected to cover only 375,000 acres, down from a peak number of 560,000 acres. The almond supply is expected to decrease by 4 percent, potentially losing market share to foreign interests. California dairy production is down by at 
least 3 percent, costing an estimated $250 million, a number that has shown significant increases in other States as well this year. Alfalfa hay shipments are significantly lower than last year, and the livestock industry faces losses of an estimated $100 million in order to replace it. 
that are only set to get worse. We cannot simply stand by and watch as farmers, ranchers, small town economies, and ag employees face more water rationing and fallowed fields. 
another year of inaction from Congress. I rise today to urge my colleagues from both sides of the aisle in both House and Senate to come to the table and advance commonsense drought solutions, such as new water storage and infrastructure, to provide relief now and in the future such as Sites Reservoir up in northern California and desalination projects for our cities. Let’s get them permitted, let’s get them approved and in the pipeline. We can’t wait any longer. We need these reforms, indeed, now and for the future. Our State is growing, the population is growing, and we grow the finest and best crops and export them not only to the rest of the country, but to much of the world. 
or this year is a dereliction of our responsibility and betrays Americans who expect us to provide the products they consume and enjoy these fine ag products that, indeed, give America the reputation as being the breadbasket of the world. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 
there is talk of a 2month spending bill to keep the government open before time runs out this week, we have yet to see it. Passing a shortterm bill will only postpone a Republican shutdown, not stop it. As long as it remains a possibility, we need to talk about the cost to everyday families. 
in 2013, closing the government’s doors this time around means millions and millions of Americans may be cut off from their Federal food assistance benefits. 
the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP, to help put food on the table. SNAP is our Nation’s premier antihunger program, and it is one of the most effective and efficient of any Federal programs. 
the most vulnerable among us: children, seniors, and the disabled. Millions more are working families who 
just to make ends meet, and sometimes it is still not enough. SNAP is a critical program that millions of Americans depend on to keep from going hungry. 
Mr. Speaker, during the last Republican shutdown in 2013, SNAP had contingency funds available from the stimulus law that meant SNAP benefits continued uninterrupted. But stimulus funding was cut off in November of 2013. So this time around there is no backup plan for SNAP. 
Current law prevents the U.S. Department of Agriculture from spending SNAP money it doesn’t have. Without congressional action, USDA will be forced to shut off retailers from accepting SNAP benefits within the first few days of October. 
use their SNAP benefits to purchase food at any store that normally accepts SNAP, including grocery stores, bigbox retailers, and corner stores. 
me that this would happen, that Republicans would threaten the food benefits of tens of millions of American children, families, and seniors, all just to score political points with their rightwing base. Whether Republicans shut down the government this week or in December, it is unacceptable to leave struggling families out in the cold. 
I would remind my colleagues that SNAP is one of the quickest, most effective economic multipliers we have. Every $1 in SNAP benefits generates about $1.70 in economic activity. 
are redeemed within 2 weeks of receipt, and about 97 percent are spent within a month. Every day SNAP pumps money back into our local economies and supports local businesses. 
food, meaning that a family can use its other income to meet its other essential needs, like paying rent, utilities, and medical care. 
Mr. Speaker, not only would a government shutdown have a devastating impact on hungry families, it has the potential to result in serious economic harm to retailers that could ripple throughout our economy. 
and soup kitchens are bracing to serve an influx of clients if SNAP benefits are cut off. But despite the incredible work they do, these charities are already overburdened. The demand for food assistance is incredibly high. 
day to meet the need, and charities are already forced to pick up the slack from an inadequate SNAP benefit. All too often the benefit runs out before the end of the month and families must turn to charities just to cobble together enough to eat. 
I cannot begin to imagine how overwhelmed antihunger agencies will be if millions of Americans lose access to SNAP next month or the month after. 
Unfortunately, in a Republicancontrolled Congress with the habit of going from one crisis to the next, this scenario is all too realistic. 
A government shutdown would literally take food away from hungry Americans. It would be devastating for millions of Americans that are already struggling to put food on the table and make ends meet. Families who rely on SNAP cannot afford to have their food benefits disrupted even for a day. 
end hunger now, not making hunger worse in this country, the richest country in the world. Quite frankly, it is unconscionable we are even in a situation where millions of hungry people are at risk of losing their food benefit. 
inspiring message to Congress. It is unthinkable that we could so quickly forget his call for compassion in helping the least among us. For millions of American families who are already struggling to put food on the table, we should be giving them a hand up, not taking food away. 
Nobody in this Chamber will go without food if the Republicans shut down the government. None of our kids will go without food, but millions and millions of our fellow citizens will. 
across the country and more than 700,000 in Massachusetts who depend on SNAP, I urge my Republican colleagues to work with Democrats on a longterm, bipartisan budget that puts families first. Families who rely on SNAP shouldn’t have to worry about losing their benefits at the end of every shortterm funding bill. 
Whether it is this week or in December, our most vulnerable families simply cannot afford another government shutdown. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MOONEY ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, I would like to take the time to recognize Spruce KnobSeneca Rocks on their 50th year as a national recreation area. 
Recreation Area was established by an act of Congress on September 28, 1965, and has been enjoyed by families from all over the country ever since. 
the eastern panhandle area of my district in West Virginia. I was lucky enough to have had the privilege to visit just last month. 
Coast of the United States, it lures rock climbers from all around and boasts some of the most spectacular scenery on this side of the Mississippi. 
Let me tell you, it is even more beautiful in person. Don’t take my word for it, though. I encourage everyone to 
Speaker, I would like to take the time to recognize the historic event that took place last week. On September 24, 2015, his Holiness Pope Francis became the first Pope to ever address Congress. 
involved in this planning process that led to this significant event, especially Speaker JOHNBOEHNER . It was truly an 
honor to take part in the first papal address to Congress. 
hope and love, and it reminded us that we need to keep fighting for the sanctity of life, marriage, family, and religious liberty. 
there is a moral obligation to protect unborn babies. Protecting the unborn is one of the issues that compelled me to run for political office in the first place, and I am committed to continuing to fight in Congress. 
The Golden Rule also reminds us of our responsibility to protect and defend human life at every stage of its development. I am convinced that this is the best way, since every life is sacred, every human person is endowed with an inalienable dignity. 
I am proud to be the lead sponsor of 
H.R. 816, the Life at Conception Act. The Life at Conception Act is a necessary component in the longterm protection of the unborn. In the 1973 Roe v. Wade decision, the Supreme Court justices wrote that, since the beginning of life is not defined by law, it is open to interpretation. 
defines by Congress that the life of a child begins at conception. Establishing personhood will protect the right to life of unborn children who are the most defenseless among us and need our protection. 
This bill sets a standard for promoting and encouraging a culture of life. If enacted, it would simply affirm that unborn children are deserving of protection. 
this important bill. I encourage my colleagues in the House to cosponsor as well. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, this Congress is making a habit, unfortunately, of acting in crisis mode, which is irresponsible and does a disservice to the fate and the trust that the American public has placed in us as their elected representatives, and this has a direct bearing on our economy. The Pope spoke to the need for us to come together and negotiate bipartisan solutions for the many challenges facing the United States and the world. 
to fund government. Thankfully, tomorrow the House is expected to vote 
to do just that. I hope my colleagues will vote in favor of a clean continuing resolution to avert a government shutdown. There is no justification to shut down government. Yes, we have our differences. We negotiate that in a budget process. 
shortterm fix and that a real solution to fixing our Nation’s very real and very serious budget problems is in producing a longterm budget, and we should do that in December. 
another crisis, we must get back to the work of governing responsibly. Responsible governance requires that we come together, work hard, compromise on a bipartisan budget that will not result in poorly thoughtout, acrosstheboard spending cuts, more commonly known as sequestration. 
compromise will negatively impact industries so vital to America. That includes our agriculture economy, which provides the food that we eat on America’s dinner table. It includes manufacturing and service industries that provide goods and services that we trade. 
programs that support our Nation’s future, like health care, education, public safety, and research and development, costing billions of dollars and thousands of jobs. 
In addition to negotiating a bipartisan budget agreement, we need to address the impacts of sequestration and the Congress must address the debt ceiling this December without fanfare that could further throw our economy into chaos. 
on its loans or fail to live up to our promises to those of retirement age, it would send our economy in a downward spiral just at the time that we are finally recovering from this Great Recession. 
the United States are feeling the recovery’s effects equally. In the San Joaquin Valley that I represent, many of my constituents are still feeling the effects of the recession, in addition to the unnecessary impacts of our failure to invest in infrastructure, our water infrastructure that we terribly need to invest in as well as our transportation infrastructure. 
the highway trust fund, the Land and Water Conservation Fund, have either expired or will soon expire. The Export Import Bank’s charter which was created has sustained 1
By refusing to bring up the reauthorization of the Bank for a vote, American jobs are being threatened and Congress is undermining the ability of American businesses to compete in a global market. 
The highway trust fund is set to expire on October 29. Our Nation’s roads, bridges, highways, and railroads are out of date and are in dire need of repair. I have never seen a bridge or road that is Republican or Democrat. This is just investing in America. 
last passed by Congress in 2009. Since then, Congress has had 34 shortterm patches. That is simply irresponsible. This not only puts American’s safety at risk, but completely undermines our ability to create and sustain American jobs by investing in our infrastructure. 
Congress must act to work on a bipartisan basis to reauthorize these programs and countless other Federal programs that are set to expire not only this week, but in December, when we address longterm funding for the next fiscal year. Otherwise, there will be another threat to shut down government in December. It is irresponsible. 
of our responsibilities, the better angels in all of us. He said, ‘‘A good political leader is one who, with the interests of all in mind, seizes the moment in a spirit of openness and pragmatism. A good political leader always opts to initiate processes rather than simply possessing spaces.’’ 
asking: Are we simply possessing spaces or are we trying to find together the common good for the common man, as Pope Francis suggested? 
allow us to work together to do what we were sent here to do, which is the people’s work. That is what we were sent here to do on behalf of all Americans. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of two Future Farmers of America teams from my district after they placed first and second at a national competition this past weekend. 
E,’’ hosts teams from schools from the East Coast and the MidAtlantic regions which compete in a wide variety of categories, including poultry science, equine events, dairy science, and much more. 
A team from Bellefonte, Pennsylvania, Centre County, placed first in the poultry science career development event and was responsible for judging the birds and rating their quality along with other criteria. 
Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology in Pleasant Gap, Pennsylvania, Centre County, placed second in the nursery and landscaping division. They were tasked with designing and selling a landscaping plan. The team is now working on a landscape project for Pennsylvania’s farm show in January. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate 
the accomplishments of these future farmers and also recognize the important work performed by the FFA. The success of these young people shows that the industry is in good hands and agriculture has a bright future. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) for 5 minutes. 
of the House, the foolish and wasteful squandering of Americans’ hardearned taxpayer dollars are once again on display in the war in the Middle East and in Syria. Before I get to my point, I want to remind my colleagues here that we spent $3 trillion on the war in Iraq. That is right, $3 trillion. Look where it has gotten us. 
that for one of those trillion we could have graduated every college kid in America and vocational school kid in America debt free. Instead, we have saddled them with debt that is crippling their ability to get ahead and our economy to grow. 
down here in America and trains are coming off the rails. For one of those trillion dollars, we could have rebuilt our infrastructure and transportation system in this country, once again creating good jobs and opportunities and laying the foundation for our economy to grow. 
we could have given the American taxpayers a trilliondollar tax break. Would they not have loved that and do they not need that? Instead, we are still looking at $2 trillion going forward in taking care of the men and women who served: the warriors, the patriots, the men and women who were willing to stand up and protect us, but who lost arms and lost legs and suffered severe brain injuries. Yes, that is right, $2 trillion going forward, tending to and caring for them. And that is a moral obligation that we are obligated to and must fulfill. 
Congress authorized $500 million to be spent on training the socalled moderate Free Syrian rebels, and now we have learned that only a handful, like four to five, has shown up for duty, according to Lloyd Austin, the U.S. Central Commander for troops in the Middle East. 
Back in June, Republican Congressman CURT CLAWSON and I offered an 
amendment to the Defense Appropriations bill to stop funding this socalled Free Syrian rebel program. Why? Well, the hard, cold fact is that many of their leaders told us at the time that they would not use the money to fight 
and join us in the fight against ISIL. Now we ask the House not to appropriate an additional $600 million, seeing that the $500 million that was spent has already been wasted and misspent. 
time did not follow our bipartisan recommendation on this important issue, and the House did go ahead and appropriate an additional $600 million for that failed program. Now that we know only a handful are showing up for duty, it is not too late to stop this additional $600 million from going forward for this failed program. 
I am calling for the immediate removal of that funding. After all, we did pass my amendment prohibiting Congress from funding socalled rebels where there was clear proof that the money was being misspent. Mr. Speaker, the proof could not be more clear in this case. 
This isn’t about agreement or disagreement with our involvement in these Middle East conflicts. This is about the tragic, foolish, senseless, wasteful squandering of $1.1 billion of hardearned American taxpayers’ dollars. 
worked as businessmen for decades before coming to the Congress. Anyone who knows anything about business can tell you this: No private sector company ever succeeded by spending huge amounts of money on employees who never showed up for work or, worse yet, turned their allegiances to an opposition or a competitive company. That is no way to run a business, that is no way to govern, and it is certainly no way to win a war. 
to their bipartisan senses, join Mr. CLAWSON and me, and help us put an 
end to this tragic and wasteful spending of hardearned American taxpayer dollars. The American taxpayers are counting on us. Let’s not disappoint them. 
was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
God, You invite us to come to You as 
our Heavenly Father. And we know that if You kept a record of our wrongs, none of us would stand a chance. But with You there is forgiveness, so we are eternally grateful. 
we need Your wisdom under pressure. Leadership pressure strains our marriage and family. Would You give us grace to love our spouse, wisdom to make time for family, and keep no record of wrongs. The stress of political leadership can tempt us to sweep aside our convictions. Give us wisdom and grace to lead with courage. 
pressing decisions can divide us beyond reason. Would You give us discernment beyond ourselves for the sake of our country. May we act justly, love mercy, and walk humbly with You, our God. 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. JOLLY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ) is recognized for 1 minute. 
There was no objection. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I tell 
my colleagues we had the great honor of the opening prayer today by Kevin Myers, who is one of my constituents in the great State of Georgia. 
I don’t want to tell you about everything he has done. I want to tell you a little bit, though, about who he is because he represents those folks that I have the honor of serving. 
bride sold everything they owned and moved down to Georgia to plant their first church. God called him to do that. He is obedient. 
church from scratch, it was in an old movie theater just outside of where I call home. Sixtynine people showed up on that very first day. That movie theater has now come and gone in our great State of Georgia, but the church remains. But through those dark times, he was faithful. 
who call that church their faith home, 12Stone Church. And every single one of those godly families loves on our community because of the love and faithfulness that Kevin inspires. 
and women that elect us to this office. I want you to know that I am honored 
to serve the godly folks of 12Stone Church and all of Gwinnett and Forsyth Counties. 
today to recognize someone who has dedicated 26 years of his life to ensuring the health of our U.S. Army reservists, a man who has devoted his life to helping others, U.S. Army Major General Bryan Kelly, who retired as commanding general of the Army Reserve Medical Command in Pinellas Park, Florida, on September 26. 
when he received a direct commission into the U.S. Army Reserves after graduating magna cum laude from Boston College, where he earned a Master of Arts and a doctorate in psychology. 
General Kelly has served in the 883 Medical Company and the 804. He has been deployed to Iraq, where he served as the commander of the 399 Combat Support Hospital. And since 2012, General Kelly has served as the commander of the Army Reserve Medical Command. 
Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in thanking Major General Bryan Kelly for his 26 years of service and for the positive impact he has had, both on his community and the many men and women who serve in our military today. 
wife of 35 years, Denise, and his two daughters, Kristina and Michelle, for their support during his service. 
Mr. HIGGINS. Madam Speaker, a Department of Veterans Affairs survey found that over 10 percent of our veterans had to cancel VA medical appointments due to lack of child care. 
3596, which will extend the VA childcare pilot program that is scheduled to expire this year. 
This initiative has been a tremendous success in western New York. Last year, more than 1,300 children visited Kids Korner at the Buffalo VA Medical Center, helping hundreds of veterans keep their appointments. The 
the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder, which requires regular counseling and recurring followup appointments. 
will be extended for another year, Congress should do more. I urge my colleagues to support legislation introduced by Congresswoman JULIA 
BROWNLEY to make the program permanent and allow VA hospitals across the country to establish similar programs for veterans that they serve. Making child care available to patients who need it is a costeffective way to improve health outcomes for veterans to whom we owe so much. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
no secret that Iran has been one of the leading sponsors of terrorism in the world for decades and that I am strongly opposed to the Iran nuclear deal. 
killed by terrorist attacks that were sponsored or financed by Iran. U.S. courts have ruled against Iran in more 
than 80 cases, holding Iran responsible for nearly $45 billion in damages. 
would ever happen, is that we should make sure that Iran—out of that $150 billion of possible sanctions relief, we should demand that American families who lost a loved one at the hands of Iranian terrorism receive the damages they are owed. We cannot fail these American families. Yet Obama’s administration is prepared to unfreeze up to $150 billion of these assets that will help finance Iran’s continued terror attacks. 
I am proud to cosponsor the legislation by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MEEHAN ), H.R. 3457, the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act, which keeps Iran’s sanctions in place until Iran has at least paid the damages that it owes American families. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
right to choice, the right for a woman to have control of her own body is guaranteed by the Constitution and has been for 40 years. Defunding Planned Parenthood will not change that. Instead, defunding Planned Parenthood would lead to a decrease in access to contraception and an increase in unplanned pregnancies. 
With 40 percent of unplanned pregnancies ending in abortion, defunding Planned Parenthood would inevitably 
result in more abortions, not fewer. If you really want to reduce the number of abortions, you should be lobbying to increase funding for Planned Parenthood and other organizations that provide safe and effective birth control. 
keep our government open, and move on to more pressing issues for the American people. 
today to join with America’s rice farmers and families in celebrating the month of September as National Rice Month. It has been 25 years since September was first dedicated as National Rice Month. 
to pay a special tribute to the hardworking men and women who produce rice on their family farms. I would also like to recognize all those who mill and market rice, all the suppliers and buyers and, of course, all of the consumers who make rice an essential part of their diet. 
predates this Nation’s independence, beginning almost 300 years ago. Today, America’s rice industry creates 125,000 goodpaying jobs and contributes an estimated $34 billion to our Nation’s economy. 
each year by family farmers on more than 2.7 million acres of land, predominantly in Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Missouri, California, and Texas. While these six States produce the lion’s share of rice in America, there is also rice production in other States, like Illinois and Tennessee. In fact, the rice industry reaches every State in the Nation, especially those States with cereal makers, breweries, and other foodmakers that use rice as a key ingredient. 
because I stand with the majority of Americans who support Planned Parenthood and the lifesaving preventative healthcare services that they provide each year to millions of women, to men, to families all across this country. In fact, a new poll shows that nearly 7 in 10 Americans, 69 percent, oppose shutting down the Federal Government as a means of defunding Planned Parenthood. Shutting down the government, we know, puts this American economy at risk, and it is no way to govern. But there is only 1 legislative day 
left before another GOPengineered shutdown. Republicans are so focused on defunding Planned Parenthood, in fact, they are so focused on fighting one another, that they can’t fight for hardworking Americans who are simply looking for their government to address the problems and concerns and the priorities that the American people sent us here to address. 
both parties to work together, to find solutions to the big problems we face in this country. I call on this Congress to set aside these petty fights and get to the work that the American people sent us here to do. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
in Georgia’s 12th Congressional District, I have had the opportunity to visit Southern Company’s Plant Vogtle in Waynesboro many times. I am extremely excited to see the progress of construction of Vogtle reactors 3 and 4, the Nation’s first new nuclear reactors in 30 years. I look forward to the clean energy and job opportunities they will provide for our State and the entire Southeast. 
of every nuclear reactor in the State, including two at Plant Vogtle, two at Plant Hatch in Appling County, and two in construction at Plant Vogtle. 
role in Georgia’s energy portfolio and accounts for nearly a third of all power generated. Nuclear energy facilities across Georgia employ more than 4,000 highly skilled employees and play a vital role in our State and local economy. 
Georgia’s emissionfree electricity and is the only clean air source that can produce large amounts of electricity around the clock. 
Louise Allen, born at 10:45 a.m. this morning, I support clean nuclear energy and support the great work being done at Plant Vogtle and Plant Hatch on behalf of our children and grandchildren and their future energy needs. 
(Ms. HAHN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to first thank Speaker BOEHNER for inviting Pope Francis to be the first Pope to ever address a joint session of Congress in his visit to the United States last week. 
I know that I was not the only Member of Congress who was deeply moved 
was simple and honest. It crossed religious and political divides. He challenged us to do better and even invoked Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He reminded us that this Nation continues to be a land of dreams. 
Vatican, and we must get back to work. But I hope that his message will stay with us a little longer. And we should follow the Golden Rule. Paraphrased, we should treat others like we would like to be treated. Not only should that apply to how we treat each other in the Halls of Congress, but also to how we address the bigger problems that this Nation is facing. 
rights, each of us should place ourselves in the shoes of struggling families and work on the solution that is right for them and right for this country. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Suicide Prevention Month comes to a close, I believe it is crucial we remain 
committed to all suicide prevention efforts. We must continually ask ourselves: Are we doing enough when it comes to addressing mental health and suicide in our Nation? I don’t think so. 
on Veterans’ Affairs, I know that this issue is especially important for our Nation’s heroes. Recent data has shown that every day in this country approximately 18 to 22 veterans take their own lives. This statistic answers the question I posed earlier. It is obvious more needs to be done. 
My COVER Act addresses suicide prevention for veterans by promoting access to better alternative complementary mental health treatments. While traditional forms of therapy may work for some, tailoring therapies to the veteran and finding the balance between traditional and complementary alternative treatments could be the difference in saving lives. 
several weeks ago. I encourage my Senate colleagues to do the same in the Senate so we can get it to the President’s desk for his signature. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to wish the National Endowment for the Arts and the National Endowment for the Humanities a happy anniversary, as both the NEA and NEH turn 50 years old today. 
connection with these agencies because both reflect the legacy of our late long 
time senior Senator, Claiborne Pell. Senator Pell knew that art and culture were a vital part of our society because he grew up around the vibrant arts scene Rhode Island is justifiably known for. 
would be proud of the legacy that he has left in our Nation and in his State. Whether it is the Providence International Arts Festival, which had a terrific inaugural year thanks to NEA support, or Cafe Recuerdos, an NEH funded traditional Cuban coffee cart that serves as a forum for sharing stories as part of Latino Americans: 500 Years of History or the numerous other arts and cultural organizations, institutions, and events that were given birth because of the endowments, the endowments have been integral to our continued social and economic development. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Forsyth, which was recently named one of America’s top high schools by Newsweek magazine. 
Forsyth is a partnership between WinstonSalem/Forsyth County schools and Forsyth Technical Community College. The school provides a small learning community of students with the opportunity to earn both a high school diploma and an associate’s degree. By considering their learning needs and providing support services, every student is given the tools to excel in both high school and college courses. 
advanced educational experience that promotes independence, responsibility for learning, and community involvement. America needs more of this type of innovative learning that equips students for success in college, career, and life. 
and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to honor the 50th anniversary of the creation of the National Endowment for the Humanities and the National Endowment for the Arts. 
Humanities Caucus and a member of the Congressional Arts Caucus, I am proud to strongly support the important missions of these two agencies. 
agencies, local leaders, other Federal agencies, and the philanthropic sector 
to promote arts education and community access to the fine arts. 
The NEH remains the single most important source of Federal funding for research and scholarship in history, literature, foreign languages, and other fields that provide us with invaluable ethical, cultural, and historical perspectives. 
Both the NEA and the NEH merit increased support. This investment is one of the most efficient we make in terms of leveraging private, nonprofit, and corporate dollars. These programs are critically important locally as well as nationally, and they are the foundation of an arts and humanities community that supports millions of jobs. 
renewing our national commitment to the arts and the humanities and the many ways they enrich our lives. 
today during Hunger Action Month to discuss an issue that demands our immediate attention: hunger. 
ranks ninth in the Nation and first in the State for hunger. My hometown of Greensboro and High Point are first in the Nation for food insecurity. In May, I launched the Adams Hunger Initiative to draw greater attention to this issue and to foster bipartisan solutions. 
This week I am introducing a resolution to highlight the severity of the hunger crisis across our Nation and to recognize the role critical programs like SNAP and others play in helping families put food on the table and to call on Congress to strengthen these programs and streamline requirements for afterschool and summer meals programs. 
down on Thursday, the SNAP program won’t have enough to cover October benefits, impacting more than 65,000 people in my district and millions across the Nation. During Hunger Action Month, a time when we should be elevating and addressing this crisis, we are taking steps back. I call on my colleagues to stand with our most vulnerable and keep our government running. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
as the eighth annual Hunger Action Month comes to an end, I salute the efforts of Feeding South Florida for its yearround efforts to end hunger in our communities. 
For the past 8 years, we have dug our 
way out of a deep recession that turned once middle class families into people 
families into havenots. In Florida’s 24th Congressional District, more than 200,000 children are foodinsecure and go to bed hungry. Overall, 23 percent of individuals are foodinsecure. 
that runs food banks, a mobile food pantry that delivers fresh fruits and vegetables, a summer food service so students can continue to receive healthy meals when school is out of session, and a program that brings food to senior housing sites. 
Pope Francis reminded us that the fight against poverty and hunger must be fought constantly and on many fronts. Feeding South Florida does that every day and deserves all the support we can muster. That is why I wear this orange adornment today, to honor the entire organization, administration, and workers, of Feeding South Florida. 
HARRIS ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
The Speaker, U.S. Capitol, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. 
That the Senate passed S. 599. With best wishes, I am 
of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 444 and ask for its immediate consideration. 
Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be 
rule XIII for a twothirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of October 1, 2015. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from North Carolina is recognized for 1 hour. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), pending 
which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from North Carolina? 
There was no objection. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, House Resolution 444 provides a closed rule for consideration of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
disturbing information has come to light about the activities of abortion providers and their sale of unborn children’s hearts and other organs for compensation. In light of those discoveries, we provide for consideration today of crucial legislation to ensure States are free to ensure their limited taxpayers’ dollars do not provide sustaining funding to abortion providers whose activities are found repugnant. 
and Safety Act, allows States to make a decision identical to the one this House made earlier this month when we passed H.R. 3134, the Defund Planned Parenthood Act, which stopped the flow of taxpayer dollars to Planned Parenthood as investigations continue into its sale of unborn children’s parts. 
As my colleagues noted during debate on H.R. 3134, arguments from the minority that this bill will prevent women from accessing health care ring hollow. We know that federally qualified health centers and rural health centers outnumber Planned Parenthood clinics at a rate of 20 to 1. 
Of these over 13,000 federally qualified health centers and rural health centers, women have access to any healthcare service provided by Planned Parenthood or other abortion providers with one obvious exception. Because they are federally funded, these true health centers do not perform abortions. Clearly, despite opponents’ best efforts to argue otherwise, this bill does not deny healthcare services to women. It does allow States to decide whether their Medicaid funds should support a provider whose atrocities have shocked our national conscience and devalued human life. 
are hearing these hollow arguments about access to healthcare services, as the political machinery of abortion providers has kicked into high gear with scare tactics to protect their business. Abortion is, after all, a business. Planned Parenthood is the single largest abortion business in the country. 
abortions in 1 year. That is nearly 900 every day, at a rate of over 35 an hour. They are able to continue that activity, in part, because Planned Parenthood has received over $1 billion in 3 years from Medicaid alone. I have spoken previously on the floor about the absurdity of providing taxpayer funds to organizations that have had their willingness to accept compensation for the remains of unborn children exposed for all to see. 
Arkansas, Alabama, and Indiana, have recognized that alarming truth and acted on their own to stop providing abortion providers with taxpayer dollars through Medicaid. Unfortunately, the Obama administration has forced those States to continue providing taxpayer dollars to abortion providers. 
Constitution established our Nation, they saw fit to give States a right to determine their own affairs and the disposition of their citizens’ taxes. Today, we restore federalism to the Medicaid program and enable States to make their own choices on which Medicaid providers to accept, allowing them to stop the flow of taxpayer dollars to organizations that accept compensation for the sale of welldeveloped unborn children’s hearts and bodies. 
and the underlying bill to my colleagues for their support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentlewoman from North Carolina for yielding the customary 30 minutes for debate. 
North Carolina, says that the minority speaks in a way that is hollow. I will tell you what is hollow: talk about regular order in this institution. 
that there is a methodology that allows for all proceedings to go forward. Customarily, a measure of this kind would have had a committee hearing and a committee markup. It did not, and that is not regular order. 
hours away from another government shutdown, and instead of considering a 
legislation that will limit a woman’s access to health services and make it harder for Medicaid patients to obtain care. I wonder about States like Florida and Texas that did not accept Medicaid money under socalled ObamaCare having charge of Medicare and Medicaid. 
frustrated that we are again wasting precious time considering a bill crafted by ideological extremists, which, even in the unlikely event of Senate passage, would be vetoed by the President. 
To be sure, this frustration isn’t limited to my friends on this side of the aisle. Just this week, the fight over defunding Planned Parenthood and similar scuffles facilitated by fringe elements of the Republican Party led to the resignation of the Speaker of the House. 
to thank the Speaker for his service and his forthright commentary regarding his leaving the House. In my judgment, he has done a credible job for this institution. He had people who would not let him do the things that were needed for all of us in this Nation. 
divided so fervently that we can again expect the real threat of a government shutdown in December. All we are doing today, in the final analysis on that subject, whenever it comes up— and it may come up today and tomorrow—is to kick the can down the road again. The can ain’t got no more space for kicking. But we continue to do that, and this time until December, even if we are able to avoid the one currently looming over our heads. 
Mr. Speaker, current Federal law already denies Federal Medicaid coverage of abortion except in limited circumstances, and Federal insurance coverage of an abortion is restricted. 
before us today, we should be coming together to find a balanced and responsible way to fund the government, pass a budget that represents our constituents’ priorities, and invest in this great country. 
the Medicaid law to allow States to prevent qualified providers and institutions from participating in their Medicaid programs without a showing of cause or due process if they have any involvement—underscore that, ‘‘any involvement’’—in abortions, a standard which has been left undefined and certainly vague. 
Aptly termed the ‘‘free choice of provider’’ provision, title 19 currently mandates that Medicaid beneficiaries be permitted to obtain services from any qualified provider he or she chooses and is implemented in the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services’ free choice of provider regulation. This regulation also explicitly states that 
under no circumstance can the free choice of provider protection be compromised with respect to providers of family planning services. In short, current Federal law was 
designated to guarantee that State Medicaid programs provide beneficiaries with the same basic opportunity and rights to choose and receive covered healthcare services from any qualified provider in the same way as any member of the general population seeking healthcare services. The legislative language of this bill is so broad that, if enacted, it has the potential to have a devastating impact on patient access by giving States the ability to kick any provider out of Medicaid, including entire hospital systems, if that provider has even an attenuated connection to abortion services. 
that, under this bill, a hospital could be excluded from providing any and all services in Medicaid if an obstetrician with admitting privileges at the same hospital provides, or even provided in the past, abortions as a separate part of his or her practice. 
The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, an organization of over 57,000 physicians and partners in women’s health, have come out publicly against this legislation, as have the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. I will include those endorsements against this measure in the RECORD . 
American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG), representing 57,000 physicians and partners in women’s health, I urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
enacted into law. In falling far short of any standard for sound federal health legislation and policy, it would serve only to scare providers away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, and leave women without the care they need. America needs more obgyns participating in the Medicaid program; this bill would do the opposite. 
I urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3495 when it 
comes to the House floor. Don’t be fooled by the title of this bill. This legislation is nothing more than the latest in a string of attacks against women’s health. 
American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), a nationwide organization with more than a million members, activists, and supporters that fights tirelessly to defend and preserve the individual rights and liberties that the Constitution and the laws of the United States guarantee everyone in this country, we urge you to vote NO on Rep. Duffy’s bill, the misleadingly titled ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act.’’ (H.R. 3495). Because of the critical importance of the civil rights and civil liberties principles involved, we will score the vote. 
power to exclude women’s health care providers from participation in Medicaid. It 
does so by undermining the longstanding free choice of provider provision which guarantees patients the ability to seek health care services, and specifically family planning services, from any qualified provider. This bill would allow states that are hostile to a woman’s right to abortion in general, and to Planned Parenthood in particular, to target women’s health providers for exclusion from Medicaid with impunity. In so doing, the bill forces doctors and organizations to choose between providing a constitutionallyprotected medical service that one in three women needs in her lifetime and providing other necessary health care services to lowincome patients who already face a dearth of qualified and willing medical professionals. Mandating such a choice not only raises serious constitutional concerns, but also threatens to devastate access to care for millions of lowincome women and men. 
smear campaign against Planned Parenthood, this bill particularly jeopardizes access to the high quality, affordable health care that Planned Parenthood health centers provide. Planned Parenthood is a critical safetynet provider. One in five women will visit a local Planned Parenthood health center during her lifetime, and many lowincome 
women and women of color rely on Planned Parenthood as their primary health care provider. Despite the fact that numerous investigations have already cleared Planned Parenthood of wrongdoing, opponents of safe, legal abortion continue to cite the deceptively edited videos that misrepresent the organization’s fetal tissue donation practices as justification for legislation, like H.R. 3495, that would harm women’s health. 
Planned Parenthood health centers from Medicaid without cause based solely on political motivations, effectively denying access to vital preventive care services, including wellness exams, cancer screenings, STI testing and treatment, and contraception to many patients. Alabama, Arkansas, Louisiana, and Utah have all recently attempted to do this, despite warnings from the Department of Health and Human Services that doing so likely violates federal law by illegally restricting beneficiaries’ access to services. As defunding efforts in Texas and Indiana have demonstrated, eliminating Planned Parenthood as an option for those enrolled in public health care programs would leave a serious void that could simply not be filled by other health care providers. 
H.R. 3495 would give these states and others that share this antiwomen’s health agenda broad discretion to exclude any person, institution, agency or entity that ‘‘performs or participates in the performance of abortions’’ from participating in Medicaid. Not only would this mean that all such women’s health providers could be cut out of the Medicaid program under this provision, but states could also attempt to use it to eliminate a wide range of other health care providers, with serious consequences for lowincome patients. For example, a hospital that provides emergency abortions to stabilize a women’s health, as required under federal law would be barred from Medicaid under H.R. 3495, leaving Medicaid patients without access to any care at that hospital. Simply put, this bill is extreme and would have a devastating impact on access to care. 
members of the House of Representatives to vote ‘‘No.’’ Should you have any questions, please contact Georgeanne Usova. 
Bill to Prohibit Federal Funding to Providers of Abortions, Including Planned Parenthood Federation of America. 
NAACP, our nation’s oldest, largest and most widelyrecognized grassrootsbased civil rights organization, I strongly urge you to oppose and vote against H.R. 3495, which would eliminate all federal funding to any agency which provides abortions to women, including Planned Parenthood and its affiliates nationwide. To ban all federal funding for Planned Parenthood and similar organizations would result in the elimination of a myriad of crucial and affordable health care services; for many in the communities we serve and represent, Planned Parenthood clinics represent the only health care services available. Furthermore, since a prohibition on federal funding for abortions is already in place, there is no justification for this reckless initiative. 
a position on abortions, neither in opposition nor support. We are, however, very cognizant and very appreciative of the wide range of health care services offered to the communities we serve and represent by Planned Parenthood and its affiliates. The latest estimates indicate that Planned Parenthood serves over five million clients a year, and that 75% of their clients have incomes at or below 150 percent of the federal poverty level. Services provided at locations include screening for breast, cervical and testicular cancers; contraceptives; pregnancy testing and pregnancy options counseling; testing and treatment for sexually transmitted diseases; comprehensive sexuality education, menopause treatments; and vasectomies and tubal ligations. For many of Planned Parenthood’s patients, the annual exams received at their facilities are the only access to health care they have. 
to the position of the NAACP; H.R. 3495 is extreme and should be opposed. 
Mr. HASTINGS. The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists stated that the bill falls far short of any standard Federal health legislation policy, and insisted that ‘‘it would serve only to scare providers away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, and leave women without the care they need.’’ Moreover, the group maintains this bill would prevent OB/GYNs from participating in the Medicaid program. 
services of Planned Parenthood and similar organizations are preventative in nature, including cancer screenings, testing for sexually transmitted infections, and family planning services. 
limited access to doctors, and this bill will only restrict access for the poorest individuals in our society. 
I said last night in the Rules Committee that wealthy women in our society don’t have the problem of seeing the doctor of their choice. Under this particular measure, poor women will be further restricted from having the access to a physician of their choice as a 
the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, is as ironic as it is patronizing. H.R. 3495 will punish the most vulnerable Americans and will prevent women from accessing the care that keeps them safe and healthy. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I have heard the question, Why haven’t you done this before? Unfortunately, the full depths to which abortion providers have sunk was not previously public knowledge. The recent release of a number of hidden camera videos exposing the painful dismemberment of unborn children to facilitate the sale of their body parts by Planned Parenthood has provided clear evidence that truly repugnant activities are rampant in the abortion industry and that taxpayer support should never be provided to organizations that participate in the trade of human tissue. 
One key Planned Parenthood abortionist even said: ‘‘We’ve been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that, so I’m not gonna crush that part, I’m gonna basically crush below, I’m gonna to crush above, and I’m gonna see if I can get it all intact.’’ 
highdefinition screens, it is impossible to hide the humanity of these child victims. They have fingers and toes, heartbeats, and organs developed enough that tissue collectors will pay $60 a specimen for them. 
raised by these videos, the House Committees on Energy and Commerce, Judiciary, and Oversight and Government Reform have each launched investigations. 
receive direct Federal funding for abortions, these investigations are warranted, as a recent report from the Government Accountability Office shows that the organization receives an average of 500 million taxpayer dollars each year for other lines of business. Money is fungible, and the Federal funds that Planned Parenthood receives ultimately subsidize their abortion services. 
Mr. Speaker, that is why today’s legislation is so important. In light of the atrocities uncovered in abortion facilities across the country, it is vital that States be empowered to choose to withhold Medicaid funds from flowing to abortion providers that deliberately dismember unborn children to receive compensation for their organs and other body parts. 
gentlewoman from California (Ms. MATSUI ), my good friend. b1245 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3495. This bill is misleadingly named the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act when, in fact, it puts women’s and men’s health at risk. 
Planned Parenthood or any other health provider from Medicaid based on ‘‘involvement in abortions.’’ Now, millions of American women and men depend on Planned Parenthood for essential health care. 
take our Nation’s healthcare system backwards. Planned Parenthood uses Medicaid funding to provide services like cancer screening, access to contraception, and preconception counseling that helps women prepare for healthy pregnancies. 
Members of Congress should stop attacking women’s ability to control their own health care. This bill disproportionately impacts lowincome women and families and unfairly takes away one of their healthcare options. 
our job and stop this attack on women’s health. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
isn’t properly named, let us not forget that at least half of the unborn children who are victims of abortion are female who would grow up to be women. Far too many supporters of abortion on demand ignore that reality and the fact that many abortions are sexselection abortions. 
they parse bill titles, particularly those that protect all existing funding for women’s health, while ensuring women and their children are not party to the sale of tiny hearts and organs for compensation? 
Mr. Speaker, this bill very simply allows States to be partners in the Medicaid program. The Medicaid program is a partnership between the Federal Government and the States, except too often Washington tells the States exactly what they have to do. 
this is not theoretical. There are two States that have attempted to defund with their use of taxpayer dollars in their States—these are not Federal tax dollars. They don’t want their State’s taxpayers dollars to fund Planned Parenthood. Instead, they want to fund other women’s health services. They should be allowed to do that. 
and Human Services demand that one particular institution get funds? 
gentleman from Florida says, oh, this is going to deny women health care. 
women health care in my district, in rural Lower Eastern Shore. We had a Planned Parenthood in Salisbury. They closed up in April. On their Web site, they said: The center in Easton will be open Monday through Friday. You can just get your care there, our Planned Parenthood Center, which is about 45 minutes up the road. 
device and see what the hours at the Easton Planned Parenthood are that are supposed to develop this wonderful comprehensive health care to women in my district. 
Now, if you want to go today, you are 
out of luck. They are closed. Now, if you went yesterday, they were open for 7 hours, from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. That is nice. I guess they are bankers’ hours. I guess we just assume that everybody is going to get their health care between 10 a.m. and 5 p.m. So Monday they are open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday they are closed. 
my Lower Shore want to go on Wednesday, they are out of luck. They are closed. If they want to go on Thursday, they are in luck. They are open for 7
hours, from 11 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. But if they want to go on Friday, Saturday, or Sunday, they are out of luck because Planned Parenthood is closed. They are not delivering comprehensive services those days. 
Planned Parenthood doesn’t deliver comprehensive women’s health services. One of the most important services that you can deliver to a woman of childbearing age is mammograms. 
Not a single Planned Parenthood facility in this entire country has a mammography machine. Now, how do you deliver a mammogram without a mammography machine? 
Planned Parenthood doesn’t do comprehensive cancer screening. Because one of the most important screening techniques is mammography, and none of them can deliver it. 
is seeking comprehensive women’s health care on the Lower Eastern Shore in Maryland—what her alternative is, because the gentleman from Florida mentions that our Medicaid patients won’t be able to be seen if we pass this bill. 
qualified health center, our community health center, called Three Lower Counties. Now, if you go to Three Lower Counties today, you are actually in luck because they are open from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. and they have a mammography machine as well as the entire range of comprehensive services, with one exception. They don’t do abortions. But, then again, the other Planned Parenthoods on the Eastern Shore of Maryland don’t do it either. 
So, in fact, if a woman who is on 
Medicaid really wants access to comprehensive health care in my district, they have got to go past Planned Parenthood unless—well, that is not true. 
want their health care, they can go to Planned Parenthood. Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, they can’t. 
But they could go to one of those at 
my community health center. In fact, nationwide there are only a little over 500 Planned Parenthood facilities. 
Mr. HARRIS. There are 13,000 community health centers, each of which has to have radiology facilities. That is how you get the Federal money. 
So, in fact, if we really want to let 
our States, by their choice—we are not forcing States. We are not saying that a State can’t fund Planned Parenthood. 
Look, I come from the State of Maryland. We will probably choose to do it. 
should be given the option to tell their women: If you really want it, really want comprehensive care, well, go to one of the community health centers. That is all this bill does. 
care because this tells women: You don’t have to go to the Mondayand Thursdayonly clinic that can’t give you a mammogram. You can actually go get comprehensive care somewhere else, even if you are on Medicaid. 
My biggest objection—and the gentlewoman from North Carolina hit it on the head—is look at what else Planned Parenthood does. They actually—and, as a physician, I find this unbelievable. 
They will change the abortion technique in order to better harvest the fetal tissue that they can then sell. That should be so morally objectionable that we should allow States to limit that funding. 
friend from Maryland that, while there are 13,000 community health centers, many of them are overcrowded to begin with and can’t provide even the daytime that you mentioned in Salisbury, all the services for various communities. 
But, more important, you are correct. Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms. But they did in the last year 500,000 breast screenings. I could offer up anecdotal information that allows—you can go downstairs right here to the House physician. The House physician doesn’t provide all of the services, but refers you out to GW or to Walter Reed Bethesda. 
were to pull up the anecdotal information of the number of women that did ultimately learn that they had problems, those statistics justify the continuation of this organization that provides compassionate services to women. Mr. Speaker, I am very pleased to 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. DELBENE). 
go again. Just 10 days ago the House took a vote to attack women’s health. At that time, I said it felt like deja vu. 
Now I am starting to wonder if this is 
vote after vote restricting women’s access to care. It is reprehensible. 
one of the worst yet. It is a dangerous and unprecedented assault on women and their healthcare providers, and it does nothing to address the real issues that Americans are facing. 
here to intimidate their doctors and interfere in their private medical decisions. 
It is time for Congress to stop wasting time and get to work. I urge my colleagues to oppose this rule and the underlying bill. 
defeat the previous question, I am going to offer an amendment to the rule to bring up H.R. 3611, a longterm reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD along with extraneous material immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. 
of Texas). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? 
There was no objection. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, to discuss our proposal, I am very pleased to yield 3 minutes to my good friend from Washington (Mr. HECK). 
Mr. HECK of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida. 
previous question so that we might, in fact, take up the issue of a longterm reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. 
longer an abstract philosophical conversation. This is a real, manifest, concrete conversation in which people are losing their livelihoods. 
that not one, but two, satellite sales were likely lost. A subsequent announcement by Boeing to lay off workers in El Segundo, California, is not abstract. 
I referred to General Electric announcing that it was laying off 500 people as a result of the failure of this 
chance it had under every President for 81 years, almost always unanimously. 
This is no longer an abstraction. People are losing their livelihoods, and it will continue. It continued yesterday. General Electric announced another 350 jobs lost. They are moving them from Wisconsin to Canada. 
not some ideological tug of war. You are taking away people’s jobs. 
announced its first layoff of 500, the spokesman for the majority party said it was immaterial. They dismissed it. Well, if you opened up that envelope and found a pink slip, you wouldn’t think it was immaterial. 
Last week I revealed a dirty little secret. I shared with you that the Boeing aircraft company, the largest exporter in the United States of America, the heart of our manufacturing base, didn’t make airplanes. They don’t. They design and assemble them. They assemble them with parts made mostly in America. 
Now, here is today’s dirty little secret: domestic content. The ExportImport Bank requires anything it finances to be made out of 85 percent domestic content. Made in America, 85 percent. 
times, finances about 1 in 5 of its sales through the ExIm. But it is countercyclical. In bad times, it is up to 40 percent, as a consequence of that material amount that is sold. And, by the way, 70 percent of its sales are international. They make all their airplanes with a minimum of 85 percent domestic content. 
away with the ExIm, you do away with the 85 percent domestic content requirement. 
Mr. HASTINGS. I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. 
because 2 years ago there was a coalition formed to lobby to reduce the domestic content. Boeing left the coalition because they want to make airplanes in America. If you do away with ExIm, you do away with the domestic content requirement. 
Boeing’s supply chain are small businesses. They are small businesses. You are holding a gun to the head of America’s number one exporter and forcing them—forcing them—by virtue of competitive disadvantage to look at and consider outsourcing. 
their livelihood. This is no longer an abstraction. You are taking away people’s livelihoods. 
Every other developed country on the face of the planet has an export credit authority, every other one, except us 
other side of the aisle are talking about the ExIm Bank because they know when they talk about protecting organizations that sell babies’ hearts and lungs, they are losing. 
minority also claim that women would no longer have access to healthcare services. It is important to remember that this bill merely stops the Obama administration’s current practice of using Medicaid to force States into including abortionists in their provider network. Each State can take its specific needs into consideration when determining what, if any, action to take under this bill. Claims that 13,000 federally qualified and rural health centers aren’t sufficient fail to reflect the fact that community health centers have grown significantly since 2010. 
According to HRSA data, health centers have grown so much that, in the years since 2010, they have acquired 3.4 million more patients, 1.9 million of whom are women. And as our colleague from Maryland pointed out, they are often open more days and more hours than Planned Parenthood clinics are. They are providing better and more comprehensive services to women. 
5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from California (Ms. MAXINE  
the ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services and a real champion on both these issues that we are discussing here today. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the previous question so that this House may finally get on with the important work of supporting American jobs by reauthorizing the charter of the ExportImport Bank. 
aisle claim that they support business. They claim they support small business. They claim that this is something that is not paid enough attention to. Yet when we have the opportunity to support the ExIm Bank, what do they do? They turn it into a political question because they want to use it to divide. 
The ExIm Bank supported $27.4 billion of U.S. exports at no cost to American taxpayers; 164,000 American jobs were supported. Nearly 90 percent of ExIm Bank transactions directly supported small businesses. There was a $675 million surplus generated for American taxpayers in funding year 2014 alone. ExIm Bank’s mission is American 
jobs. By financing the export of American goods and services, ExIm Bank has supported $1.3 million private sector, American jobs since 2009, supporting, again, 164,000 jobs in funding year 2014 alone. 
day that this Republicanled House refuses to act is another day that American workers suffer the consequences. 
It has been 3 months now since Republicans shut down our Nation’s export credit agency, a vital financing tool that enables U.S. companies both large and small to compete for sales in the global marketplace, and businesses and their workers are feeling the pain. 
from across the Nation make the unfortunate consequences of the House Republicans’ shutdown of the ExIm Bank distressingly clear. In describing the impact of the ExIm shutdown, the chief financial officer of Chief Industries, Incorporated, a Nebraska company that sells grain bins and elevators, said: ‘‘We’ve lost business. That’s the easiest way to put it. We can’t get that business back.’’ 
president of Combustion Associates, Incorporated, a power plant manufacturer, said that the shutdown of the ExIm Bank has put her small, woman and minorityowned company at a ‘‘real disadvantage,’’ saying that, as a result of fierce competition from Chinese and European firms: ‘‘If we don’t get ExIm back soon, there’s a very good chance we will lose three pending contracts to one of our competitors.’’ 
In describing the devastating consequence of losing the support of the ExIm Bank, the owner of U.S. International Trading Corporation, based in Nevada, said that the ideologically charged debate surrounding the reauthorization ‘‘is like being stabbed in the back by people who should be defending you.’’ 
Steve Wilburn, a longtime Republican and former marine, who owns a renewable fuels company in Arizona that lost a major Philippines green energy project due to the uncertainty over ExIm’s future, recently remarked: ‘‘I never thought the day would come when the Republican Party would somehow view a small business like mine as crony capitalism.’’ 
many like them are unable to successfully compete internationally without the support of the ExIm Bank, some of our Nation’s largest manufacturers are losing contracts as well, with significant negative downstream consequences for the small business suppliers that make up their vast U.S. supply chains. 
weeks, large companies, including GE and Boeing, have announced that the lack of export credit financing from 
the ExIm Bank has forced those companies to move some of their manufacturing operations abroad, where export credit financing is readily available. 
of this. We should be doing everything we can to grow jobs in this country and give U.S. businesses the tools they need to succeed. 
I have said it before and will say it 
again, a majority of this House supports reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank; and if we don’t give Members the opportunity to vote up or down on reopening the Bank’s doors today, the selfinflicted shutdown of the ExIm Bank will continue to hurt workers and our economy. It is time to recognize the realities of the extremely competitive international marketplace that businesses must compete in. 
I don’t know what they are afraid of. They like shutting things down. 
You are going to shut down something in this country that is going to cause us to lose jobs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair and not to other Members of the House. 
colleagues on the other side of the aisle are talking about the ExIm Bank because they know that when they talk about protecting organizations that sell babies’ hearts and lungs, they are losing. 
some time that Planned Parenthood is the largest provider of abortions in this country. What we did not know until recently was just how vile and disgusting the nature of this organization truly is. 
because I believe States have the right to refuse funding to an organization that profits from the sale of aborted children’s organs. Medicaid and CMS should not be allowed to force States to fund these horrific practices against the States’ wishes. 
should always remain a top priority for our healthcare community. However, we can achieve this goal without requiring States to provide access to institutions like Planned Parenthood. 
to the killing of unborn babies. Taxpayer dollars should not go to organizations like Planned Parenthood that support the practice of abortion and trafficking of aborted fetal tissue. 
Taxpayer funds should go toward investigating and prosecuting the individuals that are responsible for trafficking in the selling of fetal tissue. Taxpayer funds should go toward the advancement of women’s health. 
this bill, but we cannot stop here. In addition to cutting off funding, 
the perpetrators behind these heinous crimes should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. These disgusting acts are on par with those committed by the sickest of criminals behind bars, and that is exactly where the people who did this belong. 
I urge my colleagues to support precious, innocent lives of the unborn. 
gentlewoman from North Carolina says that we are discussing the ExportImport Bank because we are losing, as she put it, on the subject that is the base bill here today. We are not losing. This bill will pass the House of Representatives, and it will go nowhere. Why we are discussing the ExIm Bank is because we need American businesses to win. 
my classmate, who is a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
to strongly oppose this rule and support the motion to defeat the previous question. 
that will go nowhere, we should, instead, be letting the House work its will; and we should be voting to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. Reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank is an economic imperative. 
While some of my colleagues celebrate their misguided, ideologically driven agenda, hardworking Americans are losing their jobs, and American businesses and exporters are being outgunned by larger export credit agencies which are more than willing to provide financing to America’s foreign competitors. 
driven success story which has broad bipartisan support in both Houses of this Congress as well as support from the majority of Americans. The Bank supports hundreds of thousands of goodpaying jobs in this country. 
If we fail to act now, we are shutting 
off a lifeline for many of our small businesses and exporters. In my congressional district alone, the Bank has supported thousands of small business and manufacturing jobs. These are good jobs in a very highneed area in Texas that would not have been possible without the Bank. These jobs are now in danger. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my GOP colleagues to let common sense regain a foothold in this House. We have the votes. Let Congress work its will and allow a vote on the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. 
how I began my remarks today, and that is to say that the measure before us has not gone through regular order in the House of Representatives. There were no hearings, no markup. It just 
showed up in the rules for us. And somehow or another, that seems to be a pattern that is developing around here, where we are not legislating, we are rulemaking. In the final analysis, many Members and their constituents are being shut out. 
abortion is obviously a very, very difficult decision for a woman, and it is one that must be made, in my judgment—and my colleague from Colorado (Mr. POLIS) always says that it is not 
the Oversight Committee’s—which is hearing right now, as we speak, from Planned Parenthood providers—or the Energy and Commerce Committee’s decision for a woman’s right to choose. The freedom of choice measure, since 1960, has been a part of Medicaid in this country, and now we would tear that fabric and divide this country with an issue that the only committee that should be in charge is the committee formed by a woman, her doctor, and God. 
whims of politicians in that determination. I said last night I know where this is headed. I have seen it now for 22 years. What the ultimate objective is is not this legislation today or the legislation that we considered 2 weeks ago or legislation like this that they have considered. For 22 years that I have been here, it has been headed toward trying to reverse Roe v. Wade. 
ruling in Roe v. Wade conferred upon women the right to do with their own bodies what they determine best until the point of viability. It is unfathomable to me and countless others around this country and the world that we continue to entertain attacks on poor women’s health to satisfy the extreme political agenda of a few in Congress. 
other side of the aisle often articulate their support for measures such as the one we are considering today by insisting that it is our duty to protect the most vulnerable in society. To those individuals I ask: How does eliminating critical health services to our country’s most poor and preventing those same individuals from being able to see the doctors of their choice that they know and trust help them to accomplish this worthwhile goal? 
vote ‘‘no’’ and defeat the previous question and against this rule and the underlying bill. I want to ask us to get back to regular order and let us get into legislating. 
No, my colleague from North Carolina, we are not losing. We asked on the ExportImport measure to allow for American businesses to win. Everybody here knows that this legislation, once it passes the House of Representatives, is going to get lost in that nowhere forest. I said last night, and I listened to 
The words are different to this particular situation today, but the title of the song should be heard as a mantra by the Republican Party on the subject of the rights of women and their choice. They should just let it go. 
Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
regular order as an excuse for their unwillingness to stop the flow of taxpayer dollars to organizations that dismember children. Thankfully, there are committee hearings being held on this issue even now that will continue to expose the wrongs of the abortion industry. Here today, though, we take the simple step of stopping funding to organizations that sell children’s body parts. 
for regular order is a poor objection to the passage of this legislation to protect women and children from being parties to trafficking in human tissue. It is not extreme to want to protect the most vulnerable, the unborn, from having their body parts being sold and the use of taxpayer dollars to aid such enterprises. 
about outrageous activities that are ongoing in the abortion industry as it takes apart tiny babies with beating hearts and cute little fingers and toes. It is truly saddening that the reaction in this Chamber isn’t unanimous agreement that the clinics where this has occurred be closed and those responsible be sanctioned for their reprehensible actions. We haven’t even been able to come to agreement with those on the other side that Federal grants to these organizations from the Department of Health and Human Services stop immediately. 
ground. Today, the legislation before us would take the small but vital step of allowing those States that choose, and only those States, to stop funding abortion providers through Medicaid. This legislation wouldn’t tell New York or Massachusetts or California that they can’t give their taxpayer dollars to an organization that sells body parts. It would, however, enable Louisiana, Alabama, Arkansas, or Indiana to do so. 
Americans are free to come together with others in their community and establish the principles by which they will govern themselves, is a bedrock for our Nation. Even if opponents of this legislation have become callous to the unheard cries of unborn children dismembered for compensation, they should rally to the cause of federalism in order to allow their own communities to exercise the freedom it protects. 
What a sad day it is when we can no 
longer even unite around our founding principles, one of which was that life is the first unalienable right. When we ignore the need to protect that right for the smallest of our brothers and sisters, we should not be surprised by the erosion of our other rights, including the right to selfgovernance prohibited by federalism. 
of crushed young lives must spur us to unite to stop this imposition of Federal power on States and their citizens and restore to them the choice of protecting children from being sold as organ donors before even taking their first breath. This is what H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, would accomplish, and I commend it and this rule providing for its consideration to my colleagues for their support. 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 444 O FFERED BY  
At the end of the resolution, add the following new sections: 
This vote, the vote on whether to order the 
previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. 
House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the 
control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ 
vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ 
of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ 
on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Chair will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of adoption of the resolution. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 243, nays 182, not voting 9, as follows: 
Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith 
Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen 
Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price, Tom Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski 
Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers 
Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. 
Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis 
Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
WATERS of California, Ms. BASS, and Mr. NORCROSS changed their votes from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. 
A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 242, noes 183, not voting 9, as follows: 
Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum 
Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) 
Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (NV) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Holding Huelskamp 
Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Marino McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin 
Reed Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Adams Aguilar Amash Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette 
Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Edwards Ellison Engel Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego 
Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence 
Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Mr. M CDERMOTT. Mr. Speaker, on Tuesday, September 29th I missed two votes on Ordering the Previous Question and House Resolution 444. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 444, I call up the bill (H.R. 3495) to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to allow for greater State flexibility with respect to excluding providers who are involved in abortions, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
WAGNER ). Pursuant to House Resolution 444, the amendment printed in House Report 114–269, is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. 
The text of the bill, as amended, is as 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
‘‘(ll) RULES WITHRESPECT TO DETERMINA TION OF PARTICIPATION OF PROVIDERS WHO 
PERFORM , ORPARTICIPATE IN THE PERFORM ANCE OF , ABORTIONS .— 
from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed, including a lifeendangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. P ITTS) 
and the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ) each will control 30 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 3495. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. This bill, at its core, is about choice as well as protecting the lives of millions of unborn babies across America. 
flexibility to include or not include in their Medicaid program providers who perform or assist in the performance of elective abortions. 
sure that Federal Medicaid dollars do not pay for elective abortions. This bill would amend current law so that States would have the flexibility and discretion to work with qualified providers of their choice. 
able to remove the largest abortion chain from being the recipient of millions of dollars of State and Federal funds, which are allocated within their States. 
about $1.2 billion through Medicaid over a 3year period, and States who wish to eliminate Planned Parenthood from this funding stream are being blocked from doing so. 
held responsible for their actions. However, the current administration is interpreting current law to protect the interests of political elites over the health care of those truly in need. States should be able to work with providers who prioritize and respect life and exclude organizations whose business model is built around the destruction of life. 
largest abortion chain, doing over 327,653 abortions in the last reported year. That comes out to an average of 898 abortions per day every day, 37 abortions every hour, 3 abortions every 5 minutes, more than 1 abortion every 2 minutes. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
starts in less than 36 hours, and Congress has still not passed the annual appropriations bills. If we don’t do it, the government will shut down. During the last shutdown, we lost $24 billion and 120,000 private sector jobs. I am sure we could expect just the same now. 
raised within the next couple months, Madam Speaker, and many Republicans are already threatening to refuse to perform even that basic task. This would throw the international economy into chaos. It would cause the loss of tens of thousands more jobs in the United States. 
June, and our business communities are clamoring for reauthorization. Why? Well, last year the ExIm Bank financed deals that supported 164,000 American jobs. 
that the U.S. House should spend this week figuring out how to avoid a political and financial catastrophe rather than once again passing a blatantly political bill stripping women of their basic healthcare rights. This latest attack targets both the women who need to see a doctor or healthcare provider as well as the providers themselves. 
side of the aisle actually read this bill on the floor today because it is so broadly written that it would target any medical provider—doctor, hospital, clinic, you name it—that has even the most tenuous connection to the provision of a full range of women’s healthcare services. 
targets Planned Parenthood, a healthcare provider that 2.7 million Americans rely on every year. First of all, over 90 percent of the services provided by that agency are routine wellness exams, like breast exams, cervical cancer screening, and birth control and family planning services. 
it ad nauseam last week, Planned Parenthood has received no Federal funding for abortions. In fact, no agency receives Federal funding for abortions with a very few exceptions. 
any government funding of abortions. It would instead allow Federal and State funding to be cut off for any entity, not just Planned Parenthood, which performs abortions with private dollars. 
be blocked from the full range of healthcare services that they need not just at Planned Parenthood, but at their local hospital or their local clinic or the offices of another women’s health group. 
Let’s call this bill what it is. It is an 
attempt to eliminate healthcare services for women across the board, using the Planned Parenthood witch hunt as an excuse. Let’s be very clear. The investigation of the last few months has demonstrated that the videotapes the majority so heavily relies on are heavily edited, manipulated, and at times downright misleading. 
Speaker, and we are better than that. The American public will not stand for this diversion, and neither should we. Let’s defeat this illconceived bill. Let’s direct all of our collective attention to bipartisan solutions resolving the looming fiscal disaster that we are all facing. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, in response briefly, money is fungible. Everybody knows it. In one pocket, out the other, same pair of pants. $1.2 billion over the last 3 years in Medicaid. The videos, nobody is putting words in their mouth. It is their words, their pictures. 
chair of the Committee on Energy and Commerce and a distinguished leader on this issue. 
I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his diligence and his consistency through the years as we have worked on this issue at the Committee on Energy and Commerce. I do rise in strong support today of the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
bill during the course of the day, but let’s be certain in what the bill actually says. You have got two pages, and what this does is grant to the States flexibility. 
asked us for is flexibility. Why are they asking us for this flexibility? Because 
we have four States currently in litigation over wanting to be able to determine who is and is not a Medicaid provider in their State. 
So there is a premise and a basis and 
a reason for bringing this forward and allowing the States to have the final say in who participates in that Medicaid delivery—that is what you call good government—and sending the power and the money back to the State and local level. 
Obama administration has blocked attempts of States to remove certain providers from the program. Now, we have four States, as I said, that have had to go into court because they have tried to remove providers and CMS has blocked that action. So, therefore, they are not able to move these providers out of the program. 
their residents, and they know best which providers are providing affordable access to quality medical care and which ones are trying to skirt the law. There are no mandates in this bill. The final decision is up to the States. 
protect Planned Parenthood and to prevent them from being held accountable, have once again resorted to scare tactics. 
I also want to touch on the issue of 
the community health centers, 9,000 here in our country. They meet the needs of over 24 million Americans. You take a district like mine in Tennessee, there are zero Planned Parenthood affiliates in my district—zero. There are 16 community health centers. 
Contrast that with the Ninth Congressional District of Illinois, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY ’s district. She has 1 
Planned Parenthood affiliate, and there are 44 community health centers. Ms. DEGETTE has 3 Planned Parenthood sites and 46 of the community health centers. 
the States to take the responsibility and make the determination of where this ought to be. 
People always say: Let’s make certain that we are being good stewards of the money. Planned Parenthood is now outsourcing their women’s health issues. They have cut them in half over the past 7 years. It is important for us to redirect the funds and give the States the opportunity to determine who provides the service and the access. 
ranking member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3495, yet another radical GOP assault on women’s health care. Unfortunately, my Republican colleagues are at it again, attempting to use any excuse to pursue their extreme agenda. They are 
attacking Planned Parenthood in order to limit women’s constitutionally protected right to choose what is best for them and their families. 
The legislation is particularly offensive and egregious. Let me tell you what this legislation is. In the words of more than 120,000 family physicians nationwide, it represents an unprecedented level of legislative interference in the patientphysician relationship. It is not only illadvised, it is dangerous. 
of the National Women’s Law Center or the National Health Law Program, ‘‘wreak havoc on our Nation’s safety net programs and millions’ access to health care across the country.’’ It represents a direct attack by Members of Congress on women’s ability to control their own reproductive health. 
choice of providers and provides States unchecked authority to terminate providers from Medicaid without cause. This is a direct attack on the freedom of lowincome women to choose their own trusted and qualified medical provider. 
Planned Parenthood. I stand with all the physicians and health professionals out there who provide lifesaving, preventative health services to millions of women and men every day. I stand with the hundreds of millions of Americans to say that I will not stand by silent and allow those who are committed to ending abortion access in this country use fraud and deception to cut millions of people off from their health care. 
their war on women. I urge my colleagues to oppose the extreme Republican agenda and vote ‘‘no’’ on H.R. 3495. 
on this legislation, one from the American Academy of Family Physicians, and an analysis of this legislation by the National Health Law Program and the National Women’s Law Center. 
Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , 
DEARSPEAKER BOEHNER & M INORITY LEADERPELOSI : I am writing on behalf of the 
120,900 members of the American Academy of Family Physicians to express our strong opposition to the ‘‘Women’s Public Health and Safety Act’’ (H.R. 3495), which will be considered by the House of Representatives this week. This legislation would, if enacted, expand the ability of states to selectively prohibit identified physicians and health care facilities from participating in the Medicaid program. Furthermore, this legislation represents an unprecedented level of legislative interference in the patientphysician relationship. 
intent of this legislation and, more specifically, its attempts to interfere with the patientphysician relationship. Our most pointed criticism is directed at the phrase ‘‘or by 
Again, we urge the House to reject this legislation. The proposal represents an inappropriate and misguided intrusion into the patientphysician relationship and actually seeks to criminalize a physician for discussing a legal, safe, and appropriate health care service with their patients. This is a dangerous bill and it should not pass. 
Health Law Program and the National Women’s Law Center strongly oppose H.R. 3134, a 
bill that would wreak havoc on our nation’s safety net programs and millions’ access to health care across the country. It is no overstatement to say that, if H.R. 3134 were to become law, our country would face a significant public health crisis. Excluding a highly trusted and qualified provider from a network that provides critical preventative health care would do nothing more than harm those who are in need of this health care the most. 
income individuals in the Medicaid program could lose their ability to access the provider they trust and choose for high quality health care. This conflicts with, and threatens to jeopardize, a longstanding protection for Medicaid enrollees, the ‘‘freedom of choice’’ provision. This provision gives Medicaid recipients the right to choose to receive covered services from any qualified provider. Historically, Congress has singled out family planning for unique protection when it comes to freedom of choice. Freedom of choice is especially critical for receiving family planning services—it guarantees that women, men, and young people have ready access to family planning services they need when they need them, and from a provider they trust. H.R. 3134 attempts to eliminate Medicaid enrollees’ ability to visit Planned Parenthood, whether for family planning services or the other critical services Planned Parenthood provides, such as well woman visits, testing and treatment for sexually transmitted infections, and lifesaving cancer screenings. The end result could mean that Medicaid beneficiaries lose access to what may be the only source of primary and preventive care they have. 
on the chronically underfunded Title X program. Planned Parenthood is a critical component of this safety net program, as the health centers serve a disproportionate share of clients in the Title X system. While only comprising 13% of Title X clinics, Planned Parenthood clinics serve 37% of clients. Each Planned Parenthood health care center serves nearly 3,000 patients for birth control services, far more than other clinic types. Taking away Title X funding from Planned Parenthood would leave those who rely on the Title X program without a key provider that they trust and that provides the health care services they need. Eliminating funding from Planned Parenthood would have a disproportionate impact on women of color. Hispanic and Black women more commonly access family planning or medical services from a Title Xfunded clinic. And women of color make up a disproportionate share of Medicaid recipients relative to their population. Given that Planned Parenthood serves 36% of all clients who obtain care from the family planning health network, and that women of color often turn to this network for their health care, taking away such a trusted, highquality health care provider would have inflict particular harm on women of color. 
individuals would not lose services because other providers will fill in the drastic void that would be left if Planned Parenthood clinics were shut down. Historical evidence and existing gaps in our country’s public safety net suggest otherwise. For example, after Texas turned its preventative care and family planning program into a statefunded program in order to exclude Planned Parenthood from its network, 30,000 fewer lowincome women received health care. When Indiana defunding forced a Planned Parenthood clinic to shut its doors, it led to an HIV outbreak in the county because there was no other clinic providing HIV education and testing. The suggestion that other providers can and will step up to fill this need defies common sense. 
On a closing note, while we focus on the 
dramatic negative impact that H.R. 3134 would have on millions of lives across our country, it is imperative to place this attack in the context of the many other attacks on women’s health. For example, some members of Congress are pushing to completely eliminate or further cripple the Title X program, as reflected in the current appropriations proposals. 
Not only would H.R. 3134 mean that millions of women, men, and young people would lose access to birth control, cancer screenings, breast exams, and STI and HIV testing, but it also represents a direct attack by Members of Congress on women’s ability to control their own reproductive health. 
We strongly urge you to vote no on H.R. 
3134, and stand strong in support of the millions who receive high quality health care through the Planned Parenthood health care centers. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, unfortunately, the Obama administration puts its own abortioncentered ideology ahead of women’s health care. 
from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ), an outstanding leader on this issue. 
today in strong support of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act, legislation empowering States to terminate Medicaid contracts with providers that disrespect innocent human life by performing abortions. 
abortion industry is in crisis mode. They have seen the same videos I have implicating Planned Parenthood, the Nation’s largest abortion provider, in the trafficking of fetal tissue and organs, and they have seen the same nonpartisan government report I have indicating that Planned Parenthood received $1.2 billion in Medicaid funding over a 3year period. 
public opinion battle, they are taking their fight to the courts, suing States that dare to protect taxpayer dollars by exercising their right to terminate contracts with this abortion giant. Tennessee saw this tactic before when Planned Parenthood took our State to court over an abortion law back in 2000. We defeated them, but it took 14 years to do it. 
happen again. If President Obama and the congressional Democrats are so intent on blocking this legislation to combat taxpayer funding of abortion providers at the Federal level, then they should at least let States use their 10th Amendment rights to take action within their own borders without the threat of costly, politically motivated lawsuits. The Women’s Public Health and Safety Act will do just that. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this compassionate, prolife, prowoman legislation. 
pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. CAPPS ). 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this bill and to the political gamesmanship that continues to put our Nation at risk. 
by some of our colleagues who are obsessed with ending access to Planned Parenthood, a trusted healthcare provider in my community. But today’s bill takes a slightly different approach, one that cynically tells a woman that the government knows better than she does when it comes to telling her who she should trust with her health and 
wellbeing. As a woman, a mother, and a nurse, this is insulting. These attacks have to stop. 
their heads in the sand. They think it is no big deal to shut down hundreds of clinics offering essential services not available anywhere else; they think that the rest of the safety net can easily pick up the slack, ignoring the fact that those providers themselves have said they cannot; and they think it is worth shutting down the government to achieve this goal. 
Moreover, I would just like to emphasize that these women have chosen to go to Planned Parenthood for their care. Suggesting that they can just get their care from some other provider is both callous and condescending. 
on the other side of the aisle, which provider a woman chooses to go to for her own reproductive health care is not your decision to make—at least, it shouldn’t be. 
to make their own decisions. Vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
very pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the prime sponsor of this legislation. 
to tell you, I have been watching my Democrat friends across the aisle do somersaults trying to whitewash their past and rename their dinners that they have every year, their Jefferson Jackson dinner. There is a big conversation about the Confederate flag and what it means, which I would agree with my friends across the aisle. But what they don’t want to talk about is the roots of where Planned Parenthood started. 
known racist and a speaker in front of the KKK. She believed in eugenics, and she is the founder of Planned Parenthood. We should talk about the racist roots of Planned Parenthood just like with the Confederate flag and just like the JeffersonJackson dinner that the Democrats celebrate every year. 
come out about Planned Parenthood harvesting little baby body parts and selling those body parts for a profit, it is disgusting. This is not a debate about abortion or even nonabortion, prolife or proabortion. Those who are even proabortion agree that these tactics are unacceptable. They have no place in our society. That Federal tax dollars should actually go to fund an institution that harvests baby body parts for sale is absolutely asinine. 
Health care doesn’t mean Planned Parenthood, and Planned Parenthood doesn’t mean women’s health care. 
health care. There is no less money. There is the same amount of money that goes to women’s health care. That is a false argument. We spend the same amount of money, but we say: You know what? When we have an organization that supports the harvest and sale of body parts, our tax dollars probably shouldn’t go to it. 
States make that decision for themselves? If they say that it is an affront to our morals and our values in one State, we should say we are not going to send Federal Medicaid money to that organization. And if another State says, ‘‘You know what? We are okay with it,’’ then let them spend their money that way, giving States back the power to choose how they use their money. 
I have got to tell you that I oftentimes sit back and am amazed that my friends across the aisle who talk about being very compassionate and caring and loving and supporting the downtrodden can’t join us in saying: We probably should at least ban abortions after 20 weeks when little babies feel pain, when little babies can survive outside the womb. We are so radical in our position that we want to support abortion up to the point of birth. We won’t even support you if there is a 
botched abortion and the baby is born alive and we should probably try to save it. 
You can’t even join us in that. It is a 
I see the rally outside. It is a rally 
for Planned Parenthood, which provides the largest funds to the Democratic coffers, to their campaigns. 
health care. This is not about abortion. This is about campaign money that 
flows from Planned Parenthood into my friends’ campaigns. Sadly, I wish they would put aside their campaign concerns instead of standing for states’ rights and women’s health and little babies’ lives. 
Chair reminds all Members to address their remarks to the Chair. 
didn’t agree with much the previous speaker said, but I do agree that, from our perspective, it is about campaign money on that side. 
1⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. L EE). 
Ms. LEE. I want to thank the gentlewoman for yielding, but also for her tremendous leadership on this and so many issues. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3495, the socalled Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
women safe, and it certainly won’t keep them healthy. Instead, it would prevent individuals or organizations that provide abortion services from treating women enrolled in Medicaid, and it would simply strip women of their fundamental right to choose their own healthcare provider. 
Congress already denies Federal Medicaid coverage of abortion, which is wrong, and that needs to be repealed. That is the Hyde amendment. We have got to repeal that. Now, excluding doctors from serving Medicaid patients is yet another attack on the rights of lowincome women. 
million women access to critical healthcare services, including contraceptive care, STI tests, lifesaving cancer screenings, and other primary care services; and it would hurt our most vulnerable communities, including lowincome women and women of color. 
wrong. It is nothing more than a shameful attempt to restrict women’s constitutional rights. Politicians should never interfere with women’s personal healthcare decisions, period. Stay out of our lives. 
The Women’s Public Health and Safety Act does just the opposite of what this bogus title says. It erodes the health and safety of women and continues the war on women. 
Planned Parenthood and the men, women, and children in our country. I 
urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this bill that will severely hurt the health and safety of women. 
should be aware that not a single penny will be cut for women’s health care under this bill. 
I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the 
stand before you in full support of H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
to give States the freedom and flexibility to remove abortion providers from Medicaid. Taxpayer dollars should not be used for abortion, period. 
This important policy is widely supported by the American people. That is why the Hyde amendment, first established in 1976, protects taxpayers from preventing the use of Federal funds for abortion. However, through the years, we have seen these groups attempt to circumvent this Federal mandate in order to further their own destructive agenda of death. 
there are 294 community health clinics, but only 9 Planned Parenthood abortion centers. Providing States like North Carolina with flexibility and funding will result in better, more accessible health care for all women, instead of funneling money to abortion providers like Planned Parenthood and their army of political lobbyists. 
value and sanctity of each and every life against this selfish culture of death. I will continue to be a voice for the voiceless and speak out against these egregious acts as long as it takes to restore the Godgiven promise of life. 
stated in this Chamber, we must cherish each and every one at every stage of life. 
pleased to yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ). 
to this illconceived legislation brought forward from my good friend and colleague from Wisconsin. 
on topics, and I have been stunned by some of the discussion that has occurred on the floor today with regard to the racist roots of Planned Parenthood, with regard to socalled states’ rights. 
American and as a woman, I have heard the term ‘‘states’ rights’’ used in ways that were not very healthy and safe for me as an African American woman. There is nothing healthy and safe about a bill that would deny 
rights to control their own reproduction—to get birth control, to be protected against STDs, or to have an abortion. 
fond of reality shows, but in reality, a woman is fertile for 30 to 40 years of her life, and there is nothing healthy about becoming pregnant every year for 30 to 40 years. I am one of nine kids, and that is not a healthy scenario for many women. 
an adverse impact on some of the poorest women, and many of them African American, in this country. Seventy eight percent of Planned Parenthood patients live at 150 percent or lower of the poverty level. 
Americans do not want to see Planned Parenthood defunded. It is not in the interest of public health and safety for these women to be denied this basic health care. 
these films that are not real at all. They have been doctored, edited, and they are revisionist tapes, all in pursuit of defunding the premier organization that protects women’s health. 
health centers, I am glad to know that my colleagues are interested in funding those centers. But this bill even puts them at risk because any ancillary service related to abortion can be deemed as unfitting for reimbursement under the Medicaid program. 
that we have seen the flexibility that States have used. We saw in Indiana where they defunded Planned Parenthood and, as a result, we saw a pandemic of HIV infestations in that State. 
Madam Speaker, that I urge my colleagues to not go for the appeasement of the AntiChoice Caucus so that we don’t shut the government down, to use women as a gambit in this political battle. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 18 minutes remaining. The gentlewoman from Colorado has 19 minutes remaining. 
pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), 
Francis admonished a joint session of Congress to follow the Golden Rule—to do unto others as you would have them do unto you. The Pope also said the Golden Rule compels us to protect and defend human life at every stage of development—and, of course, that includes the unborn. It is wrong to remain silent, he said, or to look the other way when individuals are put at 
At the White House welcoming ceremony earlier in the day, President Obama spoke of protecting the least of these, taken from Matthew’s Gospel, the 25th chapter. When President Obama says protect the least of these, he excludes millions of unborn children. 
Every day Planned Parenthood dismembers or chemically poisons to death approximately 900 unborn babies, the least of these, and hurts many women in the process. 
annually, Planned Parenthood kills a baby every 2 minutes and has terminated the lives of over 7 million infants since 1973, a staggering loss of children’s lives that equates to twice the number of every man, woman and child living in the State of Connecticut. 
3495, the Women’s Health and Public Safety Act, authored by our distinguished colleague, SEANDUFFY , to give 
should have the freedom to choose who they subsidize and why. But the President has denied that option to at least six States so far, including Texas, Arizona, Indiana, Louisiana, Alabama, and Arkansas. The latter three States had moved to defund in the wake of the recent undercover videos by the Center for Medical Progress. 
know Planned Parenthood is also trafficking in baby body parts. 
Speaker, I wrote the Trafficking Victims Protection Act to try to end the cruelty of modernday slavery, sex trafficking, and labor trafficking. Planned Parenthood’s activities are a manifestation of human trafficking, exploiting defenseless unborn children and taking body parts that they have no right to take. 
turned these babies into human guinea pigs, and it makes the abortion industry even richer. 
Although much of the media continues to ignore this scandal, Planned Parenthood’s meticulously crafted facade of care and compassion has been shattered. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood’s top leadership, not interns or lower level employees, show callous disregard for precious children’s lives while gleefully calculating the financial gain, which begs the question: Do Americans understand the violence to children done every day in Planned Parenthood clinics? 
has the President, actually watched the videos? To care for the least of these, have they watched them? 
Senior Director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s Medical Services, says: ‘‘We have been very good at getting heart, lung, liver, because we know that I am not going to crush that 
that is desired, dismember that baby piece by piece, but they leave intact certain parts, including livers, that will then be sold. 
Planned Parenthood Medical Directors’ Council President Dr. Mary Gatter appears on the video nonchalantly talking about utilizing a ‘‘less crunchy’’—her words—abortion method, again, to preserve body parts. 
body parts, she says: ‘‘Let me just figure out what others are getting. And if this in the ballpark, then it is fine.’’ ‘‘If it is still low, then we can bump it up,’’ she says. 
Another Planned Parenthood Director, Deborah VanDerhei, says: ‘‘We are just trying to figure out as an industry’’—and it is the abortion industry— ‘‘we are just trying to figure out how we are going to manage remuneration because the headlines would be a disaster.’’ 
another revenue stream, but no concern whatsoever for that child victim who suffers when they are dismembered: arms, legs, torso, decapitated head. It is gruesome dismemberment abortions. That is what Planned Parenthood does. 
StemExpress, says: ‘‘She gave me the scissors and told me that I had to cut down the middle of the face.’’ ‘‘I can’t even describe what that feels like,’’ she says. 
watches at least one of the videos and my colleagues on the other side, they would at least demand real answers concerning Planned Parenthood’s inhumane behavior and violence that is directed at the least of these. 
about Margaret Sanger. I have read three of Margaret Sanger’s books. In one of them, called The Pivot of Civilization, she talks about the cruelty of charity of caring for indigent women who carry babies to term, that you should not give them help, that charity is cruel. 
Read her birth control review. I went to the Library of Congress, got many copies of it and read through it. She had many programs that talked about focusing on Blacks and others for extermination. Just read her books. And, again, The Pivot of Civilization is one of the worst. 
they talk about how these videos have been doctored. Well, there is a new report that just came out called the Coalfire Forensics Analysis. It finds that the videos are authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing. 
footage fall into five common categories: commuting, waiting, adjusting recording equipment, meals, and restroom breaks. 
At each interview, four devices recorded conversations, two video recorders with microphones and two audio only devices. I ask my friends and colleagues on the other side to take a look at that analysis. 
Again, you just attack the whistleblower. You attack the organization. But you don’t look at the evidence. 
times and was sickened by just how inhumane these individuals are in cutting little babies into pieces in order to procure their body parts. 
in Planned Parenthood clinics. They ought to be called Child Abuse, Incorporated. It is the most unsafe place in America, for a child to be in a Planned Parenthood clinic. 
I submit the Coalfire Forensics Analysis Report for the RECORD . 
In September, 2015, CGS, the prime contractor on behalf of Alliance Defending Freedom, engaged Coalfire Systems, Inc., the subcontractor (hereinafter ‘‘Coalfire’’) to conduct a computer forensics analysis of certain raw video and audio data files. Coalfire’s objectives for this project are to: 
provided by The Center for Medical Progress (‘‘the Organization’’) through CGS (‘‘raw’’ video and audio), and determine whether the raw video or audio content of the files have been edited or otherwise altered; 
Compare the raw video and audio to certain files posted to YouTube (‘‘Full Footage’’ videos and a ‘‘Supplemental’’ video) for the purpose of determining inconsistencies between the files. 
the video or audio, who recorded the video and audio files, the location where they were recorded, when they were recorded, or the purpose of the recordings; 
Providing an opinion on the chain of custody prior to receipt of source materials by Coalfire; 
source materials received from the Organization and did not include interviews of participants in the videos or audio. 
files contained on the flash drive indicates that the video recordings are authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing. This conclusion is supported by the consistency of the video file date and time stamps, the video timecode, as well as the folder and file naming scheme. The uniformity between the footage from the cameras from the two Investigators also support the evidence that the video recordings are authentic. With regard to the ‘‘Full Footage’’ 
YouTube videos released by the Organization, edits made to these videos were applied to eliminate nonpertinent footage, including ‘‘commuting,’’ ‘‘waiting,’’ ‘‘adjusting recording equipment,’’ ‘‘meals,’’ or ‘‘restroom breaks,’’ lacking pertinent conversation. Any discrepancies in the chronology of the timecodes are consistent with the intentional removal of this nonpertinent footage as described in this report. 
Furthermore, four of the five raw video recordings, which also contained audio captured from the video recording device, are accompanied by a raw audio recording captured from a separate audioonly recording device. The raw audioonly recordings last for the duration of their associated raw videos. These raw audio recordings support the completeness and authenticity of the raw video recordings since they depict the same events within the same duration as captured from the two separate video recorders. 
doubt that the full length undercover videos released by Center for Medical Progress are authentic and have not been manipulated. Analysts scrutinized every second of video recorded during the investigation and released by CMP to date and found only bathroom breaks and other nonpertinent footage had been removed. Planned Parenthood can no longer hide behind a smokescreen of false accusations and should now answer for what appear to be the very real crimes revealed by the CMP investigation.—Casey Mattox, Senior Counsel, Alliance Defending Freedom 
American taxpayer money should be redirected to fund local community health centers and not subsidize a scandalridden, billiondollar abortion business. Planned Parenthood is an organization that cares about one thing: making a profit at the expense of women’s health. The investigative videos, whose authenticity was confirmed by the report, show that Planned Parenthood is an abortionmachine whose top executives and doctors haggle and joke about the harvesting and selling of baby body parts. Women deserve far better.—Kerri Kupec, Legal Communications Director, Alliance Defending Freedom 
files indicates that the video recordings are authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing. 
fell into five common categories: commuting, waiting, adjusting recording equipment, meals, and restroom breaks. 
conversations (two video recorders with microphones and two audio only devices). The recordings were crossreferenced and found to be consistent. 
second of released audio and video investigative footage recorded by CMP and analyzed that footage to verify and authenticate all of the videos on the CMP YouTube page. 
full length videos released on YouTube between July 14 and August 4, and none of the source material. 
one segment of missing video highlighted by the Fusion Report was later uploaded in full to CMP’s YouTube page. 
thirdparty digital security and forensics firm with experience providing evidence for 
Fusion is a small company formed to develop material for Democratic party campaigns. 
fabrication or misrepresentative editing, nothing was dubbed or altered. Fusion’s ‘‘analysis did not reveal widespread evidence of substantive video manipulation.’’ Coalfire found the videos to be ‘‘authentic and show no evidence of manipulation or editing.’’ 
pleased to yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY ). 
York. I thank my good friend for her leadership and for yielding. 
Madam Speaker, I stand in strong opposition to this ironically titled bill, Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. Let’s be honest. We all know that this bill in no way protects the health and safety of women. In fact, it does quite the opposite. 
This bill is aimed squarely at restricting a woman’s constitutionally protected freedom to make her own reproductive health choices. This bill is not based on facts. This bill is not based on the health needs of women. This bill is pure politics and ideologically driven. 
It is shameful that Congress is considering a bill that would leave vulnerable women’s access to comprehensive health care at the mercy of the extreme fringe of the far right. 
This is another attempt to put politics between a woman and her doctor and a thinly veiled attempt to destroy a woman’s right to choose. This bill is so vaguely worded and so broadly written that it will have devastating and farreaching effects on women’s health. 
any provider, any entity, that has ever provided an abortion or has ever had any sort of association or involvement with an abortion. This bill puts women’s lives in danger, and it is a chilling and a most dangerous precedent. 
vote. Instead, stand for a women’s right to make her own personal health care choices. 
Planned Parenthood should be celebrated, not demonized. It is the largest healthcare provider for vulnerable women in this great country of ours. 
just remind the gentlewoman that abortion is not health care. 
protecting innocent unborn lives is paramount to defining who we are as a people and as a nation. Killing innocent babies before they even have a chance at life is unconscionable, let alone turning around and selling the fetal tissue for profit. 
largest provider of abortion. This abortion chain received $1.2 billion of taxpayer money through Medicaid over a 
reported that over $500 million of their annual revenue comes from government funding. This is reprehensible. 
institution in the business of harvesting and selling baby parts of aborted children. 
say in this country if this practice occurred with our beloved pets? Most of us have cats and dogs. Would we stand for them to be killed and their body parts harvested and sold for profit? 
Where is the outrage that this is happening to our country’s babies, our unborn children? 
Parenthood at the Federal level, and I encourage all State and local governments to also stop funding Planned Parenthood. 
In light of the recent undercover videos, three States have attempted to end their Medicaid contracts with Planned Parenthood and the Obama administration said disqualifying Planned Parenthood because of its abortion business violated Federal Medicaid law. 
Well, today’s bill amends the Medicaid law to empower States with the ability to exclude abortion providers from Medicaid. 
Given the horrific nature of the videos showing the shameful lengths that Planned Parenthood will go to in order to harvest and sell fetal organs, I am hopeful that each and every State would exercise this option. 
bill, which is critical to the fight to protect innocent lives. 
Speaker, another day, another attack by Republicans on women’s health care in the House of Representatives. But this one is different. It goes beyond the typical attacks on women and endangers their health and the health of entire communities. 
bill seeks to intimidate doctors and hospitals into not providing a safe and constitutionally protected service. 
are willing to go. The language in the bill is so vague that it would allow States to exclude entire providers from the Medicaid program. Minority and lowincome women would be disproportionately impacted and would stand to lose access to critical health services like birth control and family planning. 
must be free to make their own healthcare choices in consultation with their doctors and without threats from Republican politicians in Washington, and we must have as one of those choices Planned Parenthood. 
can turn to for even the most basic care. Women—especially lowincome 
women—turn to Planned Parenthood for affordable and dependable primary care services. They fill a vital gap that community health centers can’t fill by themselves. We are all better off because of their cancer screenings, STI testing, and wellness exams. 
health care hostage by using baseless attacks to shut down Planned Parenthood, using heavily doctored videos. It is time to stop using health care as a weapon to bully women. 
We must vote against this bill. Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HARRIS ), another leader on 
this bill is very simple. This bill just says that States actually can be partners with the Federal Government and Medicaid. The Federal Government, the Secretary of HHS, doesn’t get to tell a State which providers they think are inadequate—yes, inadequate. 
Planned Parenthood is not a comprehensive health provider in my district. In the Lower Eastern Shore of Maryland, they closed the Planned Parenthood in April and said on the Web site: ‘‘You can get services Monday through Friday at the center in Easton, 45 minutes up the road.’’ 
road today, they are closed. In fact, the center in Easton, funded with Federal dollars, is open 2 days a week. That clinic is empty the rest of the time. Federal dollars are paying for an empty clinic that doesn’t deliver comprehensive care. 
somewhere that Planned Parenthood provides mammograms. Nonsense. Even Planned Parenthood executives say they don’t have a mammogram machine in the entire system. They don’t provide mammograms. 
screening that actually results in decreased deaths from breast cancer, the only method—mammograms—they don’t even provide at Planned Parenthood. They say: Oh, but you can be referred. 
you don’t need a referral for a mammogram screening. That is the law. You don’t need a referral. Any woman can go get a mammogram screening as long as she is within the screening guidelines without a referral. 
said it fills a gap that community health centers can’t fill. Nonsense. Community health centers can provide mammograms. They can provide breast cancer screenings, cervical cancer screenings, contraceptives, birth control. 
don’t provide abortions outside the limits of the Hyde amendment, and they don’t sell baby body parts. Oh, that is right. I guess if selling 
baby body parts is what is important about women’s health care, then you are right. You have got to go to a Planned Parenthood to get it. You can’t get it at a community health center. 
Remember, there are 13,000 community health centers providing the broad range, the truly broad range, of health care, not health care that you have to leave, by the way. Maybe you approach some age, you are younger than some age, and you don’t go to Planned Parenthood because it is not comprehensive care. Community health centers are. They were designed that way. 
The Affordable Care Act I am no particular fan of. But the fact of the matter is it set these up to be truly comprehensive primary care centers. And there are 20 times as many as there are Planned Parenthoods. 
health center in my district, if you call today, they are actually open. If you call tomorrow, they are open. But Planned Parenthood isn’t. If you call Thursday, Planned Parenthood is open for 7
center is open 81⁄2hours. If you call Friday, you are out of luck with Planned Parenthood. Madam Speaker, we are paying Planned Parenthood to keep an empty office open that doesn’t even provide comprehensive care in my clinic. 
York said that, in this bill, you could not provide an abortion. That is nonsense. Read the bill. It says, as long as you provide abortions consistent with the Hyde amendment—that is a rape or incest exclusion or the life of the mother. In fact, the gentlewoman was wrong. 
Madam Speaker. If lives are threatened, specifically, this bill says the State can choose to fund that provider and can do that. 
Planned Parenthood—there is only one thing that it does that you don’t get— again, I will reiterate—that you don’t get—in a community health center. 
any stage of pregnancy for any reason, and you can get your baby’s body parts sold in the trafficking of body parts that we saw in those films. 
not doctored. Anyone can go look on the Web site. They are raw footage. People are talking about a Lamborghini from the profits of baby body parts. If that isn’t repulsive to us, what is? All this bill does is it allows States to defund that. 
yield myself 30 seconds to point out that the gentleman is absolutely correct. Planned Parenthood does not provide mammograms. They do provide breast cancer screenings. 
But under this bill, if there is a hospital or a clinic that does provide mammograms and they also provide 
this bill up for discussion today, mammograms could be prevented. I don’t think that is the intention of the rider of this bill. 
to H.R. 3495, the socalled Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
mammograms. I know at the Planned Parenthood in my district over 80 percent of the care they provide is for women’s health and not abortion. 
to exclude a healthcare provider who performs abortion care from their Medicaid program. 
millions of lowincome women and families alike. Excluding providers from Medicaid without cause is another illmasked attempt to impede reproductive rights. 
to provide safe public health care for women. By excluding quality healthcare providers, such as Planned Parenthood, the quality of available services will drop. As a result, women’s health will be detrimentally harmed. 
Texas agency after 2011. This is yet one more attempt to defund Planned Parenthood which, if successful, would hurt millions of women in communities across the country. 
views of the majority of Americans. Three out of four American women support publicly funded family planning centers and believe these centers have a positive impact on public health. 
the millions of women who rely on publicly funded family planning care. I urge my colleagues to vote against this damaging bill. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER). 
Mr. NADLER. Madam Speaker, despite its puffedup name, this bill has nothing to do with protecting women’s health or safety. The bill the Republicans pass today would cut off access to health care for millions of American families who rely on Medicaid. 
This bill would cut off Medicaid reimbursement for any service, Planned Parenthood or any doctor or hospital or clinic or local health center that performs or is involved in any way with abortions. 
prenatal care for a planned pregnancy could suddenly be cut off from her doctor if that doctor also provides abortion services or even referral to abortion services. 
could be turned away from his hospital because the hospital chair expressed views supportive of abortion. 
A senior citizen with a chronic illness could suddenly find his or her prescription lapsed with no way to refill it because his or her doctor is somehow involved with abortion. 
this bill won’t interrupt care, that these families, children, and seniors will just see different doctors, will go to different hospitals. 
ever been on Medicaid? How many of them have ever been turned away by a doctor or told they have to wait months for an appointment because the doctor simply cannot afford to accept any more Medicaid patients? 
the shortage of Medicaid doctors and lengthen wait times for patients, putting more people at risk and increasing healthcare costs in the long term. If their overarching goal is dismantling Medicaid as we know it, this bill is a strong first step. 
If we really want to talk about a culture of life, we should be bringing bills to the floor to encourage more doctors to serve in highneed areas to give every child access to the highest quality health care. 
We should be talking about increasing funding for WIC and SNAP to make sure parents, babies, and children aren’t going to bed hungry at night. 
We should be talking about expanding education programs that target lowincome students. We should be talking about funding public housing programs to provide stability to families. 
student loan debt to ensure parents can give their kids every opportunity without a crushing burden of debt. 
What we should not be doing is cutting doctors and hospitals and clinics and community healthcare centers out of Medicaid and putting more lives at risk. 
This bill is just another blatant attempt to intimidate doctors and hospitals into ending abortion services. Under the guise of promoting life, this bill puts more lives at risk. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time to close. 
to another bill restricting women’s access to health care. The socalled Women’s Public Health and Safety Act is not about public health, and it is certainly not about safety. 
This is a bill that takes away individual rights. It is a bill that would significantly restrict a woman’s access 
This is fundamentally about individual rights and an individual’s ability to choose where they want to get health care. It is another example of politicians coming into the exam room and making decisions. 
Madam Speaker, often will say they want to stand for individual rights. Well, Planned Parenthood has not broken any laws, to my knowledge. 
get their care at Planned Parenthood, that is their right. Planned Parenthood is providing access to care. They are doing exactly what their name says: planning and helping families decide when they are ready to start a family, planning parenthood. We should be protecting that fundamental individual right. 
the government comes into my exam room and tells patients what they can and cannot do. Fundamentally to the practice of medicine, I have to answer my patients’ questions, empower them to make the choices that they want to, and let them make those choices. 
choose their provider. Congress should not be picking and choosing who people can go see. This is about individual rights and preserving that right. 
Parenthood. I am proud to fight to preserve those individual rights. As a doctor, we have got to protect access to care. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman has 101⁄2minutes remaining. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). 
Madam Speaker, today we are debating H.R. 3495, which should be called the Yet Another Radical Republican Assault on Women’s Health Care Act. 
This bill undermines the longstanding Freedom of Choice providers provision of the Medicaid statute that protects the rights of Medicare patients to seek care from any willing, qualified provider. 
broad that it gives States unchecked authority to deny access to any providers it defines as participating in the performance of abortion. 
This bill is the latest in a long line of 
radical Republican efforts to defund Planned Parenthood and deny women access to the highquality health care services it provides. 
Madam Speaker, here are the facts: Each year Planned Parenthood provides essential care to 2.7 million men and women. One in five American women have visited Planned Parenthood at least once. 
and adults who participate in Planned Parenthood’s educational programs on reproductive health. 
clinics across the United States provide 900,000 cancer screenings to help detect cervical and breast cancer, 400,000 Pap tests, and 500,000 breast exams. 
this bill is that if it becomes law, these services, not abortion services, will be put at risk because Planned Parenthood is already prohibited from using Federal funds to provide abortion services except in very limited circumstances. In providing the critical services I just described, Planned Parenthood saves lives. 
noting the very articulate and powerful testimony that Cecile Richards offered in the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee today. It was disturbing that so many Members of this Chamber treated her with such condescension and disrespect. 
Republican Party will need to end this war on women and recognize that the question of whether women have a right to make their own healthcare decisions is a matter of settled law, and threatening to shut down the government unless we agree to deny millions of women access to highquality health care is reckless and irresponsible. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Ms. DEGETTE. Madam Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
Ms. JACKSON LEE. I thank the gentlewoman from Colorado for her leadership, and I thank the gentleman, Mr. PITTS, because in actuality this is not 
a debate on people’s conscience and what you believe in. It is a debate and a question of the law. 
First of all, the underlying legislation that we have before us is likely to be ruled unconstitutional, and it is likely to be so because it meets the very four corners of why the Supreme Court ruled the Texas law to be unconstitutional, and I venture to say that this bill was a copy of the Texas law. 
tried to stop reproductive healthcare clinics by requiring them to have a hospitalstyle surgery center building and staffing requirements, leaving only seven clinics to provide health care, the same thing where they threatened the same kind of thing which would only leave 10 healthcare providers. Guess what, Madam Speaker; in 2014 and 2015, the Supreme Court of the United States ruled it unconstitutional and stopped the legislature in their tracks. That is what is going to happen to this legislation as well. 
Let me be very clear: Planned Parenthood does not engage in selling body parts. Yes, as under the law, they do deal with fetal tissue research, 
knowingly acquire, receive, or otherwise transfer any human fetal tissue for valuable consideration if the transfer affects interstate commerce. They do not do this. The reason I know that is there has been no Department of Justice investigation, no Health and Human Services investigation, and, in actuality, Mr. Daleiden, who is not the FBI and not the Department of Justice, has, in fact, engaged in a deleterious, dastardly, and deceitful investigation, even stealing—stealing—the ID of one of his fellow high school students. 
So I am against this bill, and I am 
against it for the good things that Planned Parenthood does. For example, in my State, there are 38 clinics; 150,000 young women are being served, 108,000 on contraceptives, and others are STI. 
saying mammograms are not done in your doctor’s office. You get a referral, and you go to a place where you can get a mammogram with a radiologist. 
would know that the underlying bill should be opposed. I oppose it, and I ask my colleagues to oppose it. 
and Safety Act,’’ H.R. 3495 is nothing more than the latest string of attacks on women’s health. 
charged attacks on health care services for women, and attempting to roll back women’s constitutionally protected rights, this House should be advancing legislation that will reform our broken immigration and criminal justice systems. 
for piecemeal fiscal fixes, we should be focused on passing a comprehensive and cost savings budget. 
Yet, we are here today debating a bill that 
threatens millions of American’s access to preventative care and could end up costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars if enacted. 
law given the President’s clear Statement of Administrative Policy issued yesterday to veto this measure. 
here today as a shameless political decoy to attack the legal rights of women. 
If enacted, H.R. 3495 would give states unchecked power to exclude women’s health care providers from participating in Medicaid. 
bill would enable states that are hostile to women’s right to abortion, and to Planned Parenthood, to freely target women’s health care providers for exclusion from Medicaid. 
over 40 years ago, in Roe v. Wade (410 U.S. 
and risks have substantially declined, as have the number of teen and unwanted pregnancies. 
around the Constitution and four decades of Supreme Court precedent with sham laws that do nothing to improve women’s health care and only make it more difficult, if not impossible, to obtain safe and legal abortion. 
women’s health services only exacerbates a woman’s risk of an unintended pregnancy and fails to accomplish any meaningful overthrow of Roe v. Wade. 
passed hundreds of restrictions on abortion care under the guise of protecting women’s health and safety. 
In my state of Texas a law that would have 
cut off access to 75 percent of reproductive healthcare clinics in the state was challenged before the U.S. Supreme Court in 2014 and 2015. 
struck down as unconstitutional a Texas law that required that all reproductive healthcare clinics that provided the full range of services would be required to have a hospitalstyle surgery center building and staffing requirements. 
would be allowed to continue to provide a full spectrum of reproductive healthcare to women. 
needs to be able to make her own decisions and weigh all her options—and these laws take those options away. 
Texas has 268,580 square miles, only second in size to the state of Alaska. 
would have ended access to reproductive services for millions of women in my state. 
threatened women’s access to reproductive health care when it attempted to shutter all but 10 healthcare providers in the state of Texas. 
on the behalf of Texas women to block the move to close clinics in my state. 
It seems every month we are faced with a 
new attack on women’s access to reproductive health care, often couched in deceptive terms and concern for women’s health and safety. 
And in fact we are here today supposedly to 
talk about the safety of women—But we know that’s not really the case. 
women’s health and safety, they would be promoting any one of the number of evidence based proactive policies that improve women’s health and wellbeing. 
Instead, they are proposing yet another attempt to ban abortion. 
That is their number one priority. This is certainly not about protecting women’s health, it’s about politics. 
abortion from the legal issues and fundamental constitutional rights. 
Undisputable, every woman has the constitutional right to make personal health care decisions so basic that it must be equally protected for all. 
H.R. 3495 would give states broad discretion to exclude any person, institution, agency 
such as the ACLU and National Partnership for Women and Families, this extreme measure would mean that not only would all such women’s health care providers be cut out of Medicaid, but states could also attempt to use it to eliminate a wide range of other health care providers, with serious and devastating consequences for lowincome patients. 
health care providers makes it increasingly difficult—and sometimes impossible—for women who have decided to end a pregnancy to get the safe, legal, highquality care they need. 
but higher costs, longer delays, and extra steps for women seeking abortion care, and in the process punish women for their decision to exercise their constitutional right to end a pregnancy. 
abortions did not cease to exist without adequate access to clinical service. Rather, the exact opposite—as we know limited and restricted access only leads to unsafe and dangerous practices. 
Texas and Mississippi, Wisconsin, Alabama, Tennessee, and Louisiana—where state laws are already gravely impacting women’s access to health care providers—women are being forced to travel upwards of hundreds of miles or cross state lines to access their constitutional right to an abortion. 
access to care that are troublingly reminiscent of the time before Roe v. Wade, when access depended on a woman’s social status, where she lived or her ability to travel to another state. 
not otherwise overturn, politicians are attempting to ‘‘turn back the clock’’ to the preRoe era by shuttering reproductive health care clinics and cutting off women’s access to safe and legal abortion care. 
to travel elsewhere will face an impossible choice between carrying an unintended pregnancy to term or seeking drastic options outside the law. 
A right that only exists on paper is no right 
Simply, restricting a women’s right and access to legal abortion services discriminately endangers the lives of women. 
to ensure that women have access to preventive care, not eliminating it. 
This is a legislative assault on all progressive health care, service, and advocacy organizations who aim to provide vital care and services to women and men across this country. 
Hundreds of thousands have already spoken up, including leading groups and communities such as the growing voice of our millennial generation. 
physicians and partners in women’s health warn that this bill would scare providers away from providing comprehensive, compassionate care to women, in a time where America desperately needs more obgyns participating in Medicaid programs. Physicians and experts in the field have 
long argued that these damaging measures serve no medical purpose, interfere in the doctor/patient relationship, and do nothing to promote women’s health. 
more to connect our youth and women to services that help them reduce their risk of unintended pregnancies and STD’s, and improve their overall health through preventative screenings, education and planning, and not restricting their access to lawfully entitled family planning and private health services. 
of talk here about a bill that is only two pages long. You have heard a lot of talk about and a lot of misstatements of fact about Planned Parenthood. But guess what; this bill is really about giving the States the ability to hurt women, and it never even mentions Planned Parenthood. It never mentions any of the procedures that you have heard about here on the floor. It merely gives the States the ability to wipe out clinics that serve women. 
It isn’t about Planned Parenthood. It is about taking away access to health care. This bill gives the authority to States to cut off all of those services if they specialize in health care for women. 
stop? Your party ought to be ashamed of its reputation in this country now that it is really taking on women on all issues. So on behalf of my wife, my daughter, and my granddaughter, who will need access to women’s services— hopefully not abortion, but if necessary, maybe—I would hope that this war on women would stop and that all of us would vote against it. 
today, Madam Speaker, and a lot of ideas and ugly things being thrown around, but as a lawyer with legal training, I did something radical. I actually read this bill. It didn’t take me very long, because, as Mr. FARRpointed out, it is only two pages long. 
would really do because this bill would do far, far more than its proponents claim that it would do. 
Let me say, first of all, there is no 
Federal money that is spent on abortion in most cases in the United States. This has been the law of the land for a long time. I disagree with that law because I think it limits full reproductive health for women who can least afford it, but that is the law of the land. 
What we are talking about is States being able to deny money to anybody 
who is directly or indirectly involved with abortion services with nongovernmental money, with private money from women and their family, with insurance money, with nongovernmental money. 
A State could decide that, if a hospital provided abortions with nongovernment money, it simply wasn’t going to authorize State money or Medicaid money to that hospital. I don’t mean just Medicaid money for women’s services; I mean all Medicaid money or State money, all money for services. 
who has coprivileges at a hospital that provides abortion could now not serve any—any—Medicaid patients. This bill would say that a doctor who provides services at a neighborhood healthcare clinic who has privileges at a hospital that provides abortion could now be banned from taking Medicaid patients. That is how broad this bill is written. 
is it would allow States to terminate all government funds to any entity that directly or indirectly provides abortions with nongovernment dollars. 
So what would this do? Well, 72 million people in this country are on Medicaid right now. These people are men, these people are women, and these people are children. These people are people who take women’s medical services and those who don’t need them. These 72 million Americans risk the loss of all of their healthcare services under Medicaid because of this radical bill. 
happen. Let’s say that is just an overbroad interpretation of the bill. So then our colleagues on the other side say, well, let’s just limit ourselves to community health centers. If we use this bill to deny funding for Planned Parenthood, everyone will go to community health centers. Let’s see how that would work. 
Right now, we have 24 million patients in this country in community health centers. The community health centers themselves tell us, for every one of those 24 million patients they are taking, right now they are turning away seven people. So we have 4.2 million Planned Parenthood patients. Let’s say those 4.2 Planned Parenthood patients decide to go to the community health clinics. That is not going to work. 
They tried this in Louisiana. In Louisiana, a Federal judge found there would be 29 providers for 5,000 women to get healthcare services. That is untenable, that is unacceptable, and it puts our Nation’s women’s health at risk. 
this bill today, we are 1 hour closer to a government shutdown, and we have done nothing to make sure we are not going to do that. I would suggest that we refocus our efforts, that we stop beating up Planned Parenthood, that we stop beating up women’s health, 
we say: How are we going to keep this government open? How are we going to work together to make sure every man and woman in this country has a good job, good health insurance, and that they can provide for their families? That is what we are elected to do, and that is what I commit myself to do on behalf of this body. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
of arguments here on the floor. We have heard about abortion being a healthcare issue. Abortion is not a healthcare issue. Abortion is the most violent form of death known to mankind: death by dismemberment and decapitation. It is horrific. 
show the graphic nature of what they are doing to these little unborn babies in Planned Parenthood clinics and the harvesting of their body parts. 
CMS is bullying States, telling them they must include providers of elective abortions in their Medicaid programs. This bill empowers States with the needed flexibility to design their Medicaid programs in a manner that is consistent with prolife values in a State. 
The gentleman talked about patients. Well, a lot of unborn babies are treated as patients in their mother’s womb. One lady talked about, what about individual rights? Well, what about the rights of these little patients in the womb? 
gives States the flexibility to choose to establish criteria regarding the participation in its Medicaid program of entities or persons who perform or participate in the performance of elective abortions. 
and men will still have access to more than 13,000 federally qualified health centers in rural health center sites, in addition to at least 1,200 private and free charitable clinics. In contrast, Planned Parenthood has some 665 clinics. They can find health care near them because these federally qualified and rural health centers are 20 to every 1 Planned Parenthood clinic. 
Some of the Members who have spoken may have one Planned Parenthood clinic. They may have 56, 44—the list varies—community health centers who would get that redistributed money and provide real health care, as Dr. HARRIS said. 
to design their Medicaid programs in a manner they choose to serve their Medicaid patients. So I strongly urge support for H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
consent that the question of adopting a motion to recommit on H.R. 3495 may 
be subject to postponement as though under clause 8 of rule XX. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I yield 
Congress works to defund the nation’s largest abortion provider—Planned Parenthood, 
It is only right that we allow states to defund 
If the governor of a state believes that funding these organizations goes against the will of the people, they should be permitted to do so. 
That includes funding through Medicaid. H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and 
Safety Act bill simply gives states the flexibility to do just that. 
Women should receive the best healthcare, But they should not be put at risk, along 
with their unborn children, by organizations who are driven by profit. 
The federal government and state governments should not be forced to have blood on their hands. 
We do not need to fund Planned Parenthood, which killed over 327,000 babies in 2013 alone. 
And states do not need to do this either. Instead, we should be sending this money 
to health centers that truly have the patients in mind. 
How many more Planned Parenthood scandals do we need before they are cut off from federal and state dollars? 
How many more mothers will be lied to and 
Planned Parenthood and other abortion providers, for that matter, must be defunded. 
It is our role to protect the most vulnerable 
I urge a YES vote on H.R. 3495, the Women’s Public Health and Safety Act. 
And that’s just the way it is. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time 
the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
H.R. 3495 to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same to the House forthwith with the following amendment: At the end of the bill, add the following: 
Act shall be construed as prohibiting health care services from being provided to a woman by an institution, agency, entity, or person, so long as such services are provided to protect the health of the woman. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the motion to recommit. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk continued to read. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes in support of her motion. 
motion to recommit is the final amendment to the bill. It will not kill the bill or send it back to committee. If this amendment is adopted, the bill will immediately proceed to final passage, as amended. 
commonsense. The motion ensures that nothing in this bill prohibits a woman’s access to healthcare services. This amendment protects the health of American women. 
healthcare decisions should be decided by the woman, her family, and her doctor. Women and their families should be able to make these decisions free from government interference. 
Despite our political differences, protecting the health, safety, and independence of American women is something that most of us in this Chamber can readily support. It is what the American people want and believe. 
my home State of Arizona want Congress to put aside partisanship and focus on solving our country’s great challenges. They want Congress to focus on growing our economy, creating opportunity for hardworking families, making college affordable, reforming the VA, and strengthening our military and national security. The list goes on and on. 
Democrats alike think that Congress is a mess, but Congress doesn’t have to be a mess. Congress can produce results when it puts partisanship aside and works for the American people. 
to find a real solution to the longterm challenge of reimbursing doctors through Medicaid. We replaced the SGR and protected seniors’ access to health care. That is the kind of success we can achieve for the American people if we work together. 
We also worked together to help prevent veteran suicide and improve access to mental health care for veterans. The Clay Hunt SAV Act, which passed with the support of every Member of Congress, is an important step toward ending the epidemic of veteran suicide in our country. That is the kind of 
Century Cures Act to encourage biomedical innovation and the development of lifesaving treatments and cures. This creative, bipartisan approach cuts through red tape, allowing innovators to focus on lifesaving discoveries rather than government bureaucracy. These are the solutions we can create when we work together. 
which enables employees at small and mediumsized businesses to keep their health insurance plans. This is the kind of bipartisan work we can accomplish. 
things done for the American people. We can find a longterm sustainable solution to funding our highways and infrastructure; we can pass a budget that creates jobs and opportunity, grows our economy, and improves our national security; and we can reform our broken Tax Code so it provides certainty, encourages job growth, and enables us to compete on a global scale. 
once again in a partisan way, without a bipartisan solution on the horizon. This is not what Arizonans want. It is not what the American people want. 
something we all agree on, protecting the health of women, and I ask my colleagues to support this reasonable motion. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. PITTS. Madam Speaker, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. 
under the Obama administration’s interpretation of Federal statute, States are forced to include in their Medicaid program providers who perform elective abortions, whether they like it or not. 
The Women’s Public Health and Safety Act is a commonsense measure that would allow a State to choose to establish criteria regarding the participation in its Medicaid program of entities or persons who perform or participate in the performance of elective abortions. 
other side of the aisle have said, this bill will not harm women’s access to health care. Rather, this gives States more tools to design a Medicaid program that fully serves lowincome women and men. 
The Women’s Public Health and Safety Act would put States back in the driver’s seat and let each State design their Medicaid program in a manner 
that best meets the needs and respects the choices and values of the people within their States. 
every Member who believes the States should be strong, full partners in the operation of the Medicaid program. If State taxpayers do not want to include abortion providers in their Medicaid program, they should not be forced to include them. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
Accordingly (at 3 o’clock and 21 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mrs. WAGNER ) at 3 o’clock 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment a bill of the House of the following title: 
H.R. 3614. An act to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to extend authorizations for the airport improvement program, to amend the Internal Revenue code of 1986 to extend the funding and expenditure authority of the Airport and Airway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
when economic sanctions were lifted on Libya a decade ago, the United States secured an agreement that the Qadhafi regime compensate victims of terror attacks, such as the bombing of Pan Am 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland. 
owes more than $43 billion in damages to victims of Iraniansponsored terrorism from over 80 different courtordered decisions. Not 1 cent has been paid by Iran. And, yet, the President is moving forward to lift economic sanctions, giving Iran a $100 billion windfall without compensating terrorist victims. 
sure that American victims of Iranian terror receive their judgments before any economic sanctions are lifted. We need to pass the Justice for Victims of Iranian Terrorism Act to ensure that Iran will not see any sanctions relief until it first pays the money they owe to the families of Americans killed by Iraniansponsored terrorism. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I will just cut to the chase. We are all aware of the boondoggle that is the Denver, Colorado, VA medical facility construction project. 
The ongoing Denver veterans’ hospital project has nearly tripled in initial VA cost projections. It is more than $1 billion over budget, which is a gross disservice to our veterans during a time of scarce resources. 
basic project management requirements, like those I learned as a management consultant, over certain so called superconstruction projects at the VA, like the Denver facility. Sadly, project costs and schedule 
overruns aren’t unique to the VA, but they exist throughout the Federal Government. That is why I have introduced the Project Management Improvement and Accountability Act. This legislation would instill basic project management principles throughout all levels of the Federal Government, ensuring taxpayers save muchneeded money during this down economy. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
as our eyes turn toward New York both in terms of the Pope’s visit last week and his call for us to address the mandatory needs of refugees around the world, in the last 24 hours, we heard from the President of Russia, Mr. Putin, and our President on Syria. 
I think it is important for this Congress to begin to look again at a man by the name of Assad, who is not only poisoning his own people, but bombing hospitals and ambulances and creating a situation of devastation. I think the President is correct that Assad must go, and there must be a reconciliation as to how that proceeds. 
To Mr. Putin, who has a stake in this 
area, through Syria, you have to come with the world family and begin to think of those who are suffering. We can work together, but Assad cannot stay. We must find a way for the good people of Syria to be able to return in peace and justice and equality. 
stand. We must come together in this Congress, working with the President and working with world leaders to restore tranquility and peace to this region with Assad gone and certainly ISIL done away with, if you will, to provide stability in the area. 
STEFANIK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. TONKO. Madam Speaker, undeniably, the issue that we hear about the most in our districts across America is the need to create a climate that grows jobs to allow the dignity of work to be realized by our constituents and to enable them to earn a sound paycheck. 
the jobs agenda. We need to do everything within our power to be able to provide for those resources and develop those policies that will create that climate that grows private sector jobs and enables public sector jobs to administer the services that we require as a Nation. For years, I have been coming to this 
floor, speaking with great fervor about the Make It In America agenda, making certain that we take great pride in that opportunity that we, as a Nation, have always embraced: the pioneer spirit, the innovation that challenges us today. 
many, many needs. I have spoken to the need for implementing sound manufacturing policies, retrofitting our centers of employment, our manufacturing centers, so that they can compete with cuttingedge technology on their side. 
issue of funding research, making certain that we do things smarter, which will enable us to be more competitive in those economic sweepstakes on an international scale. 
making certain in this innovation economy that we have those scientists, technologydriven types, engineers, math majors, that can take us forward with the sort of skills and talent that we require. 
I have talked about improving our infrastructure to make certain that commerce’s demands for sound infrastructure will be met so that they can ship their products and transport their products. I have talked about the need to grow our exports as a Nation. 
down to a simple message. The idea is to make more, use less, and sell it everywhere, in other words, promote domestic manufacturing, enhance our efficiency—energy efficiency and, across the board, all types of efficiency—and then enable us to then export Americanmade goods. 
late because of a refusal to reauthorize in this House the ExportImport Bank, which is a great service that allows for loans, loan guarantees, and can stand as an insurance policy, a government creditor, for contracts when bid upon by our private sector industries and businesses. That damage, that delay, had been troublesome. 
I have joined with my colleagues in press conferences. I have invoked our leadership to bring the measure to the floor because I think, if we do, it passes. 
have signed onto petitions to discharge, to make certain, again, that we raise the public consciousness to this growing concern of lacking the reauthorization of our ExportImport Bank. 
district. I would say to America we in Congress, this House and its leadership, are playing with fire because now we have a major corporation—in this case, GE in my district—that will be transitioning hundreds, 500 or more, jobs to France because of the lack of an ExportImport Bank here. 
grasp. So the French Government has authorized the ExportImport Bank to be utilized by GE. 
own district that will be transferred to another set of workers, damaging the American Dream of people that I represent. This is unthinkable, unthinkable. 
a simple exercise to bring an issue to the floor, bring the bill to the floor, of which I am a cosponsor, and act on it. I believe wholeheartedly that, in a bipartisan fashion, that measure would pass. 
minutes to advocate for the ExportImport Bank, to have that vote brought to the floor. We will begin with the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), 
who is a friend, a leader in our House, and is our minority whip. 
New York (Mr. T ONKO ) has been a leader on our agenda of Make It In America. It is a jobs plan which has included reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank as a way of helping our businesses and workers compete on a level playing field internationally. 
July 1, many small and mediumsized exporters have been left without a critical resource, forced to compete with foreign companies that have the support of more than 80 foreign export credit agencies. 
has already led businesses to announce jobs being moved overseas. My friend from New York talked about General Electric moving hundreds of jobs from his district and other districts as well. 
of GE, was here. He talked to Democrats and Republicans and said: You are hurting American jobs. Yet, we do not have the ExportImport Bank reauthorization on the floor even though, Madam Speaker, it enjoys a majority support in this House. 
sound arguments for why Congress ought to pass a multiyear reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank without further delay. 
from Chamber of Commerce CEO Tom Donohue, who wrote on September 17— this is the Chamber of Commerce president, not STENY HOYER , the democratic 
He said this: Every major trading nation has an export credit agency like ExIm. . . . Failure to reauthorize Ex Im would amount to unilateral disarmament in the face of other governments’ far more aggressive export credit agencies. He went on to say: American companies are being forced to compete with one hand tied behind their back. Another comes from 28 Governors on 
a bipartisan basis who sent a letter to us and said this: Failure to act—meaning failure to reauthorize the Export Import Bank—will place American industries at a significant disadvantage in the global marketplace and harm businesses in our States. 
strongly urge you—we, the Congress; we, the House of Representatives—to pass a longterm reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. 
voice to this discussion as well. That is the voice of Speaker BOEHNER , who 
said in April: There are thousands of jobs on the line that would disappear pretty quickly if the ExIm Bank were to disappear. The Speaker has also said, when he took office, that the House ought to work its will. 
floor of this House to pass the reauthorization. Republicans and Democrats are working together to help create American jobs, retain American jobs, grow our economy, and be competitive internationally. It is now time to put the principle into practice of letting the House work its will. 
House have cosponsored a bill to reauthorize the ExIm Bank. 
who have signed a discharge petition and those 60 Republicans, you get to 240. You only need 218, so clearly we have the votes to pass it. 
I say to the Speaker and the majority leader, the House’s will is clear. The effects of allowing the ExIm shutdown to continue are clear: more and more jobs being sent overseas. Our responsibility as the representatives of thousands of businesses and workers is very clear. Bring the ExportImport Bank to the floor for a vote. 
DENNY HECKfor their continued leadership on this issue. I want to thank my friend Representative TONKO from New 
York for leading today’s Special Order on such a critically important issue, an issue that we all speak to, that we all say we are committed to, that we all say we want to work towards, and that is creating jobs for Americans in America. I thank my friend from New York. 
House are staunchly for reauthorization of this concept. When people talk about the tools in the toolkit that are required, growing exports is a very important part of the equation for economic recovery and economic growth. 
Bank reduces the deficit by some $675 million, at last annual count, and grows jobs to the tune of 164,000, per the last count. So reduce the deficit and grow jobs; isn’t that the mantra 
that we hear time and time again from folks who represent all of America in this House of Representatives? It stands to reason that we bring the bill to the floor for a vote. 
The business community, the commerce voices of this Nation, from chambers of commerce across this country is resonating with we the Democrats in this House. We need reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank. What don’t we understand? Let’s go forward and encourage that that vote be taken very, very soon. 
One of the people that I get to serve 
with is a longtime friend. We have served in the New York State Assembly together, and we now serve here in the United States House of Representatives together. We have been very concerned about job growth in New York State and, in particular, along that manufacturing corridor called the Erie Canal which gave birth to a number of mill towns that then became epicenters of invention and innovation. Today they stand as inspiration as to how to speak to that pioneer spirit that is within our DNA as a nation. 
Thank you for sharing your thoughts this evening. Thank you for joining us. 
TONKO . I am delighted to be here with 
and I were elected to the New York State Assembly on the same day. We have worked diligently while we were there for the people of New York to try to better their lot, and it is so wonderful now that we are working for all 50 States and New York, again, in mind. The people who sent us here knew that we stood for things like the ExIm Bank, knew that we understood that if we did not have a strong economy, we couldn’t do much of anything else in our district like provide a good education and health care, and that the economy was the backbone of what we are doing. 
time to discuss the importance of the ExportImport Bank. 
frankly, that we should have to come to the House floor to call for the ExIm Bank’s reauthorization. It is an important agency that has worked to ensure a level playing field around the world for the United States exporters for more than 80 years. Last year alone, ExIm supported 164,000 United States jobs through $20.5 billion in export insurance, loans, and loan guarantees, and all while returning $675 million to taxpayers, because it is essentially a revolving fund which is paid for by the user fees. So here we have an agency sponsored by the government costing us basically nothing, putting money back into the Treasury, which makes companies eligible to be able to sell their goods throughout the world. 
York, is home to advanced manufacturers on the cutting edge of research and development, and we do need the ExIm Bank to help market our products worldwide. The ExIm has supported 685 jobs and $158 million in exports in Rochester since 2010. In June, I toured Lumetrics, which is a leading Rochester manufacturing firm that ExIm has helped support the sales of precision instrument gauges to customers in 14 countries. 
manufacturers like this in Rochester and across the country have lost a valuable tool and many nights’ sleep because a handful of members of the House majority are blocking the Ex Im’s reauthorization for reasons we cannot divine. As Mr. HOYER pointed 
out, we have Governors, the Chamber of Commerce, people all over this country, as well as corporations, telling us that this won’t do. 
of this misguided policy. As stated before, General Electric announced that it was shipping 500 jobs abroad because other countries are willing to provide the financing help that we no longer will. Boeing has lost two major satellite contracts to foreign competitors because of the ExIm Bank. Those are two of our largest employers. I am even more concerned with the hundreds of small manufacturers and thousands of employees whose jobs are now at risk without the ExIm Bank’s support, and for no reason that we can come up with. 
bring a reauthorization bill to the floor. It would pass without question and would allow this ExIm Bank to get back to the important work of helping to create quality, American jobs. 
I thank you so much, Mr. TONKO , not 
only for putting this together, but for the extraordinary work that you have done here and in Albany to better the life of the people we serve. 
thank the gentlewoman from New York for lending her voice to this discussion. 
As was made mention by the gentlewoman from New York, many small businesses, startups, innovative types, entrepreneurs, and mediumsized businesses utilize the ExportImport Bank. This is not just a tool for large industry. When we look at something like GE, when people say: ‘‘Well, doesn’t a large business, an industry like that, sit upon enough funds to make this happen, to make this contract work?’’ they required for this contract on which they bid to have a government creditor to back up this bid. That means the ExportImport Bank. 
concept that are utilized for different contracts, and in this case, the government creditor status of the ExportImport Bank made the deal possible for GE. So, with that, we now move to a good 
friend, a very rigorous voice for his constituents in Minnesota and a very aggressive voice for job creation across this country. 
Madam Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. N OLAN ). 
more powerful and articulate advocate for good jobs—protecting good jobs and creating new jobs—in this Congress than you, yourself, Mr. TONKO . 
In that regard, I would be remiss if I 
didn’t also commend Representative HECKfor some of his important leadership on this important issue, and Mr. HOYER for his buy American initiatives. 
Mr. T ONKO , as you and perhaps others 
know, I spent 32 years of my life in business as an owner and operator of a sawmill, a pallet factory, and an export trading company. In the process, you learn a few things. One is I learned that you expand an economy, you create new wealth, and you create new jobs in three important ways: 
One is through innovation and discovery, developing new products and putting them out in the marketplace. Another is by providing financial incentives for people to invest in new products and new business. Thirdly, you do it by exporting those products to the rest of the world. That is one of the ways you bring some of your wealth back into your country. 
That is one of the reasons why it is 
so vital and that it is so important. That is what the ExportImport Bank is all about, as you pointed out so eloquently, especially for small and mediumsized companies; because the fact is the big companies, the big multinationals that are based here in the United States, they have got offices all over the world. They have got relationships with all the international banking institutions. They have got all the resources that they need to qualify a buyer or to provide the financing for the production and the sale of their product. 
companies don’t have those kind of resources. They don’t have those same kind of advantages. Yet they may be small and mediumsized by American standards, but by world standards, they are still big, goodsized companies, and they have got good products the rest of the world wants and the rest of the world needs, things that can improve the life of people all over the world. 
you have pointed out, they need some help, and they need some support identifying and qualifying a customer. They don’t have those offices around the world. Their local banks don’t have those kind of offices around the world, so it makes it more difficult for them to secure the financing, to qualify the buyers, and to expand their sales into that export market. That is where the ExIm Bank comes in. The ExportImport Bank provides all of these essential services. 
supports a reauthorization. That is why the National Manufacturers Association supports reauthorization, and that is why the National Chamber of Commerce supports this reauthorization. Anybody that knows anything about businesses and creating jobs supports the reauthorization of the ExIm Bank. 
bipartisan support for this here if the Speaker would just allow us to have a vote on this because the American ExportImport Bank helps American businesses expand their export operations, increase their profits, and create all kinds of goodpaying jobs. 
Last year alone, ExIm was responsible for supporting 164,000 jobs. That is a remarkable, remarkable accomplishment. In my own district, there are at least a dozen companies that are using the ExportImport Bank to support their export sales creating hundreds of good jobs. They exported some of the world’s finest products. In fact, Cirrus Aircraft in Duluth, Minnesota, one of our Nation’s premier aircraft manufacturers, exports more than 30 percent of their products, and they rely on the ExIm Bank. 
Remember—remember—as you pointed out, just as importantly, the ExportImport Bank doesn’t cost the taxpayers a penny. The companies, the local bankers, all the parties to these transactions pay a fee for their services, and those fees pay for the Bank’s operations. It is an incredible operation. Over the last two decades, the ExIm Bank has contributed over $7 billion to deficit reduction from the profits they made through this. 
We should have more government entities that can do this. However fortunate we are, Mr. Speaker, to have banking services like this and enjoy such broad support from both those who are concerned about reducing the deficit and from those who are concerned about expanding export sales, expanding business opportunities, and creating new jobs, that is what the ExportImport Bank does. It creates jobs, it expands opportunities, and it reduces the deficit. 
Yet for reasons that truly defy explanation, there are elements in this Congress that oppose reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank and all the good that it does for business in reducing deficit. 
So I applaud you, and I call on my 
colleagues to come to their good bipartisan senses and do what needs to be done here. Let’s get this ExportImport Bank up and running again, growing our economy, creating good jobs, supporting our entrepreneurs, and bringing down the deficit. 
this Special Order and all the work you are doing to help bring this about and make it happen. 
so we are going to reach to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ) and 
the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. K APTUR) to offer a close here. 
joining us this evening on a very important topic. Thank you for your strong voice in this matter. 
I will just take a short time here to 
add my voice in strong support of reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank. It has been 3 months since the Bank’s charter ended, and American companies and workers are suffering. 
GE has recently done. We see manufacturing jobs being shipped overseas due to the inability of corporations and small businesses to access vital guarantees and financing. Every major trading nation in the world, other than the U.S. right now offers export financing. Without it, our manufacturers and workers are at a competitive disadvantage, something we cannot afford. 
In 2014 alone, the ExIm Bank financed over $27 billion of exports and supported 164,000 jobs in the U.S., all while generating a $675 million surplus. When we are looking for money, the ExIm Bank generated a large surplus. 
businesses. Nearly 90 percent of ExIm Bank transactions directly support small businesses. We need small business to succeed in this Nation if this Nation is going to succeed. Small businesses create the large majority of the jobs in this country. Small businesses need the ExIm Bank. 
and support American jobs in manufacturing. We cannot wait any longer. We need to bring this to the floor, get this done, and get more Americans back to work. 
Finally, we will go to the gentlewoman from Ohio, (Ms. K APTUR ), who 
is such a strong voice for American jobs, American workers, and hits hard at that agenda. 
It is not surprising to see you on the 
floor to join us in this effort. Welcome, Representative KAPTUR . 
Congressman T ONKO , for bringing us together and, as always, helping to be a vanguard for jobs in America and the importance of reauthorizing the ExportImport Bank. 
after my Republican colleagues in the majority have failed, failed, failed in their responsibility to guard our economy by not reauthorizing the Export Import Bank. Since 2009 alone, the Ex Im Bank has supported over 1.3 million 
jobs in our country. Yet today, it has been put into idle, in limbo, as Republicans let it wither on the vine. 
let me repeat, jobs—here in America. Because when exports increase to other countries, American companies hire more workers to meet the added global demand. 
doesn’t understand how important— vital—the ExportImport Bank is to jobs in America and to financing those exports to other nations shouldn’t be serving here. You can’t live in a cave and hope to compete globally. 
Bank pays for itself, contributing $675 million alone in 2014 and nearly $7 billion over the last 20 years to the U.S. Treasury. It is wellmanaged and has an extremely low default rate. Yet today, at a time when America needs more jobs to keep growing, the Republican majority has shifted the country again into idle. 
More than 50 countries have an ExportImport Bank—I won’t go through them all, China, Japan, Brazil, and Canada—many of our biggest trading partners. In many markets like Mexico, we can’t move our products in there without the ExportImport Bank. 
Ohio, or A.J. Rose Manufacturing in Cleveland. Or how about First Solar in Perrysburg, Ohio; 98 percent of its exports are tied to ExportImport Bank financing. 
brink of losing thousands more jobs in our country. Look at General Electric and what it just did. It decided because they didn’t have ExIm Bank financing, they are going to move their operations to Britain and hire 1,000 people. Now, how backwards is that kind of thinking? It could not be any clearer that the shutdown of the ExportImport Bank will cost us so many jobs in this country. 
fight for American jobs and American workers every day. What we know here, and we have seen it operate last week and this week, an extreme wing of the Republican Party has ignored warnings from their colleagues—leading economists, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and countless other organizations—as they hold hostage the ExportImport Bank, frankly, for reasons no rational person can understand. They are even ignoring its charter and the immeasurable good it does for this country and the ability of our companies to compete in foreign markets which are so difficult—so difficult—for them to leap over and to get over the walls, the barriers, that prevent our products from going abroad. 
It is our desire that American companies will be able to compete and win. We try for it every day. That is why many of us ran for office. And to have this kind of wrench thrown in the wheel of progress, of economic progress, for our country is something 
that any rational American simply can’t understand. It doesn’t have to be this way. 
Mr. TONKO. I thank the gentlewoman from Ohio for her insight and her powerful statement. 
It is very clear, it is very straightforward: support American workers; support small business; support exporting of American manufactured goods; support industry. Let’s grow our economy. 
forceful voice, one with great passion, the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), who also has been impacted by 
this failure to reauthorize the Export Import Bank. Representative MOORE , 
thank you so much. It is an honor to serve with you. Thank you for being here. 
Ms. MOORE. Thank you Representative TONKO . I want to associate myself 
with all the comments from my great colleague, MARCY KAPTUR . 
was elected to Congress, no one could have paid me to believe that we would be on this floor fighting the Republican Party to prevent them from basically neutering the economic progress of business here. And this is what has happened. 
mentioned, GE, very close to my district, announced plans to leave our region, 350 jobs and 400 suppliers that they have notified that they are moving their facility plants to Canada. They say that the suppliers generate almost $47 million in revenue in Wisconsin alone—$47 million in Wisconsin alone. But they are leaving, they say, because they desperately cannot make the deals work without financing from the ExportImport Bank. 
wanted to do this anyway and they are using it as an excuse, but GE says that this is the main reason, that they continue to urge Congress to reauthorize the ExIm Bank because it is a very, very competitive world. And in a slow growth and volatile world, they have got to go where the markets are; they have got to compete in 170 countries. 
grief, my condolences, to the 350 employees, to the entire supply chain, and to recognize that once again—once again—policies of this misguided Republican majority are going to increase the misery index among the people who live in my region. 
afternoon, but I will state clearly, we cannot afford to dull the competitive edge of American business, American industry. We cannot afford to impact negatively the American worker. We should not suffocate the American 
Dream simply by this recalcitrance, this determination to shut down an ExportImport Bank that has helped as a tool in the toolkit. 
Allow us to be strong. Allow us to be 
competitive, robustly competitive. Reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. The damage is already beginning to hit home across this great Nation. We must do better. The American worker deserves our support. American business and industry deserves our support. 
reported and found truly enrolled a bill of the House of the following title, which was thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2051. An act to amend the Agricultural Market Act of 1946 to extend the livestock mandatory price reporting requirements, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 9 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, September 30, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. THORNBERRY: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 1735. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–270). Ordered to be printed. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. W ITTMAN, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
ASHFORD , Mr. V ELA, Ms. C LARKE of 
MCGOVERN , Mrs. B USTOS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. 
CICILLINE , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. B ISHOP of 
CUMMINGS , Mr. L EVIN, Mr. H OYER , Mr. 
Mr. K ILMER , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. S EAN 
BLUMENAUER , Mr. C OLE, Ms. P INGREE , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. R IGELL , Ms. A DAMS , 
Mr. V EASEY , Mr. C LAY, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. 
MOORE , Mr. P AYNE , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. 
PLASKETT , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. M ENG, Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. R USH, Mr. M EEKS , Mrs. C AROLYN  
TAKANO , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. C LARK of 
Massachusetts, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
H.R. 3635. A bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
and Nationality Act to allow labor organizations and management organizations to receive the results of visa petitions about which such organizations have submitted advisory opinions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3637. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to provide for payment for Medicaid services furnished by Ryan White part C grantees under a costbased prospective payment system; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. R ANGEL ): 
H.R. 3638. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to require the Federal Communications Commission to prescribe rules regulating inmate telephone and video service rates, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Health Service Act to designate certain medical facilities of the Department of Veterans Affairs as health professional shortage areas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. CURBELO of Florida (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. N ORTON, and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN ): 
H.R. 3640. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a Mental Health Awareness Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. D OGGETT , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
GARAMENDI , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. P AYNE , Ms. C LARKE of New 
York, Ms. K APTUR , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. V AN 
H.R. 3641. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to ensure health insurance coverage continuity for former foster youth; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
flexibility in the extension of the Social Security program to Guam; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
ISSA, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. S AMJOHNSONof Texas, Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. G ENEGREEN  
of Texas, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. C ULBER SON, Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
Waste Policy Act of 1982 to authorize the Secretary of Energy to enter into contracts for the storage of certain highlevel radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, take title to certain highlevel radioactive waste and spent nuclear fuel, and make certain expenditures from the Nuclear Waste Fund; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
data collection for use in stock assessments of red snapper and other reef fish species in 
Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamp Act to give the Secretary of the Interior, with the approval of the Migratory Bird Conservation 
Commission, the authority to periodically increase the price of Migratory Bird Hunting and Conservation Stamps to account for inflation in funding the acquisition of interests in land for the conservation of migratory birds, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
PETERSON , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. C OFFMAN, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. P OEof 
H.R. 3646. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
State to submit to Congress a report on the designation of Iran’s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps as a foreign terrorist organization, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
and Nationality Act to provide that United States citizens’ sons and daughters with mental or physical disabilities be considered immediate relatives for purposes of exemption from numerical limitations on visas issued to such sons and daughters; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to require the label of drugs intended for human use to contain a parenthetical statement identifying the source of any ingredient constituting or derived from a grain or starchcontaining ingredient; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3649. A bill to amend titles 10, 32, and 
37 of the United States Code to authorize the establishment of units of the National Guard in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 3650. A bill to authorize States to select and acquire certain National Forest System lands to be managed and operated by the State for timber production and other purposes under the laws of the State, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OKITA , 
ROTHFUS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
H.J. Res. 67. A joint resolution disapproving a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RATCLIFFE (for himself, Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. M URPHY of Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. R OKITA , 
ROTHFUS , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. R OUZER , 
Mr. P ALMER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
H.J. Res. 68. A joint resolution disapproving a rule submitted by the Environmental Protection Agency relating to ‘‘Standards of Performance for Greenhouse Gas Emissions from New, Modified, and Reconstructed Stationary Sources: Electric Utility Generating Units’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H. Con. Res. 79. Concurrent resolution directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make corrections in the enrollment of H.R. 719; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FRANKS of Arizona (for himself, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S MITH of New 
Jersey, Mr. S HERMAN , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Ms. E SHOO , and Mr. F ORTENBERRY ): 
President to use the United States’ voice and vote in the United Nations Security Council to condemn the ongoing sexual violence against women and children from Yezidi, Christian, Shabak, and other religious communities by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants as crimes against humanity, to prosecute all perpetrators and those complicit in these crimes, and to support other United Nations member states prosecuting these perpetrators and those complicit; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3635. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power) 
H.R. 3636. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 4 of the Constitution [which] provides that Congress shall have power to establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization. 
H.R. 3637. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 
The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3638. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have 
Power To . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States;’’ 
. . . among the several States . . .’’ 
Art. 1, §8, Cl. 18: ‘‘To make all Laws which 
shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers . . .’’ 
H.R. 3639. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3640. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3641. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article. I. Section 1. All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives. 
H.R. 3642. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
H.R. 3644. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3645. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; 
H.R. 3646. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power To . . . provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 3647. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. 
H.R. 3648. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 3649. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution (clauses 12, 13, 14, and 16), which grants Congress the power to raise and support an Army; to provide and maintain a Navy; to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces; and to provide for organizing, arming, and disciplining the militia. 
H.R. 3650. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 67. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
each House of Congress authority to determine the Rules of its Proceedings. 
H.J. Res. 68. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
each House of Congress authority to determine the Rules of its Proceedings. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 69: Mrs. L OWEY and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 539: Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, 
H.R. 592: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. A GUILAR . 
H.R. 699: Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 815: Mr. Y ODER and Mr. K ATKO . 
H.R. 845: Mr. K ILDEE and Mrs. N OEM. 
H.R. 879: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. M OOLENAAR , 
H.R. 885: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. R UIZ, and 
H.R. 953: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 1002: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio and Mrs. 
H.R. 1019: Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 1090: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. E MMER of 
H.R. 1197: Mr. C LEAVER and Mr. Y ODER . 
DOGGETT , Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. J ENKINS of 
West Virginia, Ms. K USTER , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
DEUTCH , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
H.R. 1258: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. C ARNEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 1288: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. T IPTON . 
H.R. 1427: Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. B EYER , and Mr. Y ODER . 
H.R. 1475: Mr. Y ODER and Mrs. N APOLITANO . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Mr. 
H.R. 1523: Mr. W ALZand Mrs. C OMSTOCK . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. T HORNBERRY , and Mr. S HUSTER . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. S ANFORD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. 
GRIFFITH , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. L UETKE MEYER , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, and Mr. J ORDAN. 
H.R. 1726: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1737: Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. H ARPER , and 
H.R. 1748: Mr. L OEBSACK , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. H ECK of 
H.R. 1769: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. J ENKINS of 
H.R. 2096: Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. 
H.R. 2293: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. M EEKS , Mr. G IBSON, Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. F LORES , Mr. 
EDWARDS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and 
H.R. 2916: Ms. N ORTON and Ms. D UCKWORTH . 
H.R. 2980: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3012: Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 3033: Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , 
Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. F ARENTHOLD , and Mr. 
H.R. 3060: Mr. P ETERS and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3179: Mr. M ACARTHUR and Mr. D OLD. 
H.R. 3255: Mr. R OUZER and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3326: Mr. L ONG and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . 
H.R. 3337: Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. B ASS, and Mr. 
H.R. 3364: Mr. G ALLEGO and Mrs. W ATSON  
H.R. 3381: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
H.R. 3412: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M CNERNEY , and 
H.R. 3457: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W ESTERMAN , 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. 
MCHENRY , Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Mr. S AMJOHNSON of Texas, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
PALMER , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. 
MCCLINTOCK , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. A BRAHAM, Mr. L ONG, and Mr. T URNER . 
H.R. 3480: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia and 
H.R. 3495: Mr. P ALMER , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and 
H.R. 3516: Mr. K LINE and Mr. M ARCHANT . 
H.R. 3530: Ms. B ASSand Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 3543: Ms. M OORE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. 
H.R. 3558: Ms. M ATSUI and Ms. E STY. 
H.R. 3573: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. T HORNBERRY , Mr. 
H.R. 3611: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. J OLLY , Ms. 
STEFANIK , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
KING of New York, Mr. V ALADAO , Mrs. 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. B OST, Mr. 
DONOVAN , Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H ANNA , and Mr. 
H.R. 3628: Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. W ILSON of 
Carolina, Mr. C OOK, Mrs. W ALORSKI , and Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 65: Mr. W EBER of Texas and 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. L ATTA , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , 
H. Res. 28: Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia. 
H. Res. 54: Mr. M EEHAN , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
H. Res. 259: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. K NIGHT , and 
H. Res. 277: Mr. P OEof Texas and Mr. 
H. Res. 354: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Ms. 
MATSUI , and Mr. M ARINO . H. Res. 422: Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. 
Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
H. Res. 423: Mr. O LSON and Mr. L ATTA . H. Res. 429: Mr. V ALADAO and Mr. M CGOVERN. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6983 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 2015 No. 141 