Mr. JONES. Mr. Speaker, on Thursday, July 9, I saw a report on ABC News that former President George W. Bush charged $100,000 to speak at a charity fundraiser for military veterans wounded in Iraq and Afghanistan. I was disappointed to learn that a President who sent thousands of Americans to die in an unnecessary war justified by manipulated intelligence would charge a fee to speak at a fundraiser for wounded veterans. ABC also reported that, in addition 
to charging $100,000 to speak at the charity: ‘‘The former President was also provided with a private jet to travel to Houston at a cost of $20,000.’’ 
the wounded vets who served on the charity board told ABC News he was outraged that his former commander in chief would charge any fee to speak on behalf of men and women he ordered into harm’s way. 
for veterans that were wounded in combat under his orders, I don’t think that’s right,’ said former Marine Eddie Wright.’’ 
hands in a rocket attack in Fallujah in Iraq in the year 2004. 
This is so disappointing and outrageous. These veterans have been severely wounded, and the President that led us into an unjustified war charges $100,000 to be in their presence. That is wrong, Mr. Speaker. That is really, really wrong. 
from Iraq and Afghanistan live in the Third District in North Carolina, which I have the privilege to represent. For years, I have felt deep regret over my vote to go into Iraq; and to atone for that, I have publicly and privately apologized and signed over 11,000 letters to families who lost loved ones in Afghanistan and Iraq because of my mistake. President Bush and Vice President Cheney have never publicly apologized to the families for the unnecessary war they began. 
Mr. Speaker, I think my friend Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, who was chief of staff to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, was right about the Iraq war. On MSNBC a couple of months ago, Colonel Wilkerson stated: ‘‘The intelligence was fixed, and everyone should know that by now. It was a failure of the intelligence agencies, but it was also a failure of the political people who manipulated the intelligence 
balance of power in the Gulf and produced what we have today, the chaos we have today: al Qaeda in Iraq—never there until we invaded; ISIS—never there until we invaded; the mess we have in Yemen. Everything that’s happening in the Middle East today can be attributed to our having destroyed the balance of power that we had carefully maintained for a half a century with the invasion in 2003. It was a disaster.’’ 
Wilkerson because he is telling the truth when he made this statement to MSNBC. 
Eddie Wright, who lost both hands in Iraq: ‘‘For him,’’ President Bush, ‘‘to be paid to raise money for veterans that were wounded . . . under his orders, I don’t think that’s right.’’ 
will add my own thoughts and use the word ‘‘shameful,’’ that the former President and his administration, who created an unnecessary war and sent our troops over there to die and also to be wounded, should not charge one dime to go help them out now. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. 
gunman with a heart fatally bent on mischief and with malice aforethought unleashed hell in Chattanooga last Thursday. The killer shot up an Armed Forces recruiting center and then drove to a Navy Reserve center and continued his shooting spree. Five warriors were caught in the gunman’s furious rampage and were killed. The killer, who once followed an al Qaeda cleric online, wounded three others. 
their lives to keeping our country safe is ironically and tragically sad. They were fathers, boyfriends, sons, brothers, and friends whose lives were robbed. 
The fallen were: Gunnery Sergeant Thomas J. Sullivan, United States Marine Corps. He was from Massachusetts. Tommy, as his buddies and family called him, was deployed twice during the Iraq war and received two Purple Hearts. He had been enlisted for almost 18 years. The Sullivan family owns a local bar and restaurant in Springfield, Massachusetts, and pictures of red, white, and blue ribbons memorialize the veteran on the restaurants’s Facebook page. He was an avid Boston sports fan who loved Bostonbased bands and musicians. A friend said: ‘‘He was a short guy, but his personality was a lot bigger than his height. You couldn’t just not like Tom.’’ He was 41. 
United States Marine Corps. He was from Cobb County, Georgia, and the service was in his blood. He was a student attending Georgia Southern University when he decided to follow in the footsteps of his family and enlist. God and country flowed deep in his veins. On Thursday, Skip had been texting with his girlfriend of 2
about her upcoming visit to Chattanooga. The last text he sent her was two words in capitalized letters that read, ‘‘active shooter.’’ She tried desperately to reach him, but she did not learn about the murders until the next day. He was in his early twenties. 
United States Marine Corps. A patriotic outdoorsman from a small town in Grantsburg, Wisconsin, he joined the Marines right out of high school and was taken to the battlefields in a foreign land. He was deployed to Afghanistan twice as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. It was reported that he was so proud of being a marine that, when he finished boot camp, he went right back to the small town of Grantsburg to visit his high school, dressed in his Marine uniform. He and his wife had a young son and were expecting another. He was 25. 
United States Marine Corps. He was a native of Russellville, Arkansas. He was a husband and a father. He served one tour of duty in Iraq and one in Afghanistan. He was described as a leader, a mentor, quick to help, and was easy to approach. Wyatt was a father who was overjoyed about the upcoming birth of his second child. He also planned to serve at least 20 years in the military. He was 35. 
Smith, United States Navy. He was a former high school baseball star from Paulding, Ohio, joined the Navy in 2010. He was a pitcher for the Paulding High School Panthers, and he accepted a scholarship to play baseball at Defiance College in Ohio. After a shoulder injury, Smith decided to forego sports 
and serve his Nation. He was a father and a husband. He had three little girls. According to his Facebook page, he was a passionate sports fan. He was passionate about the United States Women’s Soccer team and their World Cup win. He had even a love for the Houston Astros. He was 26. 
Good men, good warriors, good Americans—all died before their time. This was a senseless and callous act of hate. 
in Chattanooga are riddled with bullet holes, they are still a steadfast symbol of the patriotism of our military. 
to convey the sorrow that has engulfed this Nation. These volunteers that serve our country are the best that this Nation has, and we continue to mourn their loss and pray for their families and friends. 
always remember. We will always be proud. We will always be prepared, so we may always be free.’’ 
The Chattanooga 5. And that is just the way it is. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. EMMER ) for 5 minutes. 
Speaker, today I would like to recognize John Enstrom of Elk River and the Disabled Veterans of America organization for all the incredible work they have done and continue to do for our Nation’s veterans. 
On August 5, John is hosting a charity fishing event in Ramsey, Minnesota. He is hosting the event for disabled American veterans. Along with friends and volunteers, John plans to bring 150 wounded veterans to a private lake for a great day of fishing, games, and simply enjoying the great Minnesota outdoors. 
Our veterans have stood for our country’s freedom and individual liberty, all the while putting their lives on the line. Disabled veterans have sacrificed in order to protect and serve our great Nation. 
who cares for others so deeply. I would like to thank John and the Disabled Veterans of America not only for all the work they have done for this event, but for also recognizing that veterans need and deserve to be cared for once they return home. 
Speaker, I rise today on the fifth anniversary of DoddFrank to share a story from a small community bank that has three locations in my district. This bank is struggling due to the additional regulation that DoddFrank has imposed on them. 
compliance director in addition to retaining two outside compliance firms. 
This has cost the bank nearly $100,000 more a year. In addition, numerous other staff members now have to take time away from revenuegenerating activities to satisfy the compliance regulations of DoddFrank. 
They told me: ‘‘Compliance has always been a cost that is just a part of our business. However, since Dodd Frank, this cost has expanded greatly. Unfortunately, since there is no offsetting revenue for the expanding cost, we are forced to consider passing on costs to our customers with additional fees.’’ 
is an isolated occurrence, but a recent study shows that DoddFrank has added 61 million hours of paperwork and more than $24 billion in final rule costs for the financial industry in this country. Nationwide, we have lost approximately 1500 community banks already. 
signed into law have been marked with 5 years of failure. 
Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge and congratulate the AnokaHennepin Mustangs for being named the 2015 Minnesota State champions in physically impaired adapted softball. 
Anoka, Blaine, Champlin Park, and Coon Rapids, these players were a force to be reckoned with at this year’s State championship tournament. Having earned the number one seed, the Mustangs went into the tournament boasting 11 wins, with more than 167 runs scored during this season. 
undefeated season, the Mustangs cruised to victory at the recent State championship. After scoring nearly a dozen runs and completing a few notable double plays, the Mustangs won the championship game with an 11–8 victory over the Rochester Raiders. Even more impressive, the Mustang championship win ended a 6year winning streak for the previous defending champions. 
I ask that this body join me in congratulating these tremendous athletes. 
Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of the House Agriculture and the Energy and Commerce Committees’ actions on the Safe and Accurate Food Labeling Act of 2015, of which I am a cosponsor. 
Biotechnology is nothing new. Norman Borlaug, a researcher and legend in my home State, was the ‘‘father of the Green Revolution’’ while at the University of Minnesota due to his groundbreaking work on highyield crops that have fed billions of people around the globe. 
heavy compliance regulations to ensure that our food is safe to eat. Families must know that Borlaug’s incredible accomplishment and the hard work of the American farmer is not in vain. 
It is no surprise that I am not a fan 
of the Federal bureaucracy, but on this issue we must stand with American farmers on the health and safety of our food. We should move in the right direction, and the House should pass this bipartisan legislation that will create a voluntary label that supports farmers and American families. 
Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ) for 5 minutes. 
today to mark an anniversary that has pained the Cypriot and Hellenic communities for 41 years. 
On July 20, 1974, 41 years ago yesterday, in blatant violation of international law, Turkey invaded Cyprus and captured much of the northern part of the island. 
Since the invasion, Turkey has occupied nearly 40 percent of Cyprus. They inhabit homes previously owned by Greek Cypriots, forcibly relocating 160,000 Greek Cypriots and infusing the island with hundreds of thousands of Turkish settlers. Another 1,500 Cypriots remain missing since the 1974 invasion, including four Americans whose remains have not been located. 
have been destroyed in the wake of the Turkish Army’s invasion and, after 41 years of displacement, are now lost to time. Hundreds of churches and monasteries have been shamefully desecrated, losing all sense of their historic and religious significance. 
for reunification, let’s hope this time next year we will be celebrating the end of this illegal occupation. As it builds, Turkey cannot be allowed to stonewall this democratic process any longer. 
unique role as a friend of both Cyprus and Turkey. As an honest broker to both sides, we can help them to see that a unified future for Cyprus is far more promising than the present. 
all its allies—Turkey included—must be based on shared values and mutual respect. At the core, the rule of law must be respected above all else. 
is 41 years too long. Cyprus has long been a strong and faithful ally of the United States, and we owe our support for both peace and the end of this illegal occupation. I encourage the Cypriot leaders to 
keep up the hard work of unifying a people divided for over a generation. Many hard issues remain, but, hopefully, this will be the last year we acknowledge this illegal occupation. 
EMMER of Minnesota). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida (Mr. CURBELO ) for 5 minutes. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of one of my constituents, Lieutenant Colonel Eldridge Williams, a Tuskegee Airman who passed away this month at the age of 97. 
Colonel Williams graduated from Xavier University in 1942 and immediately applied for the Army flight program. He was commissioned as a second lieutenant in Miami Beach in 1942. 
Tuskegee Airmen who flew overseas to escort bomber planes across Europe. Though he didn’t make it overseas, he flew at the Tuskegee Institute and trained other pilots until the end of World War II. He continued to serve during the 1948 Berlin Airlift and the Korean war. 
In 1949, Mr. Williams moved to Richmond Heights, a community in South MiamiDade established for Black servicemen returning from the war. Mr. Williams taught physical education at Richmond Heights Middle School and was soon after promoted to administrator, serving as director of desegregation for MiamiDade County Public Schools. He retired from the school system in 1985, but remained committed to overseeing programs aimed at assisting kids that had dropped out of school. 
Mr. Williams and the other living Tuskegee Airmen with a Congressional Gold Medal in 2007. This was an honor long overdue to these trailblazing heroes. 
my deepest condolences to Mr. Williams’ loved ones and the many lives touched by his positive influence. May they take solemn pride in a life well lived. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Florida 
International University and their outreach to those in our agriculture community. 
created by FIU to give veterans, along with minority and women farmers, the opportunity to expand their knowledge of the agriculture business. 
Outreach program will provide direct benefits to not only our brave men and women returning from harm’s way, but also to the countless small farms in Homestead, an agriculturefocused community in south Florida. The students currently enrolled in 
the Veterans and Small Farmers Outreach program at FIU have the opportunity to learn more about tending crops and raising livestock through apprenticeships throughout MiamiDade and Broward Counties. 
soon enter our workforce and be productive members of the agriculture community. We will all truly benefit from the fruits of their labor. 
I thank FIU for their continued innovation in bettering the south Florida community and wish only the best of luck to the hardworking students of this newly created program. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my serious concerns over the Iran deal that was recently announced. 
So far, it appears that this agreement is bad for the United States and bad for our allies in the region. As I have said before, a weak deal that gives Iran any possibility of achieving a nuclear weapon is unacceptable. 
Key components of the nuclear program are still in place. Iran will still be allowed to have centrifuges and continue research and development on them. The Natanz and Fordow facilities will remain in place to purportedly continue their nuclear activities for peaceful purposes. 
the Iranian regime is going to receive an exorbitant amount of money that they will undoubtedly use, at least in part, to fund Hamas and Hezbollah. 
this deal does not prevent Iran from having the parts needed to reach the nuclear threshold capability down the road and it will boost the regime’s ability to support terror in the region. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to continue to carefully monitor this situation and consider the security interests of the United States and our allies as we continue analyzing this deal. 
Mr. CURBELO of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate two students from my district, Daniel Auster and Sebastian Torra, who have both achieved the rank of Eagle Scout with Troop 69 of Homestead, Florida. This prestigious accomplishment has only been achieved by 4 percent of Boy Scouts nationwide. 
to attain an Eagle Palm pin in the last 15 years. His fellow troop member, Sebastian, completed 173 volunteer hours at Jack D. Gordon Elementary School for his Eagle Scout project, both impressive accomplishments. 
of the Boy Scout slogan ‘‘Do a good turn daily.’’ I applaud their hard work and dedication to achieve this honor. They truly embody the Boy Scouts’ commitment to our community. I am always pleased to see young people with such dedication to giving back and making our neighborhoods better. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 2 p.m. 
praise You with full attention and be wholehearted in all the tasks You set before us this day. 
our history and in every act of justice and kindness. Bless those who have blessed us, and be close to those most in need of Your compassion and love. 
of wisdom. Bless the Members of this people’s House with such wisdom. As they resume the work of this assembly, guide them to grow in understanding in attaining solutions to our Nation’s needs that are imbued with truth and justice. 
May all that is done this day be for 
Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. 
Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. 
Mr. CHABOT led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. 
(Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise 
to recognize Yadkin Valley Motor Company in North Wilkesboro, North Carolina, which recently celebrated its 100th anniversary. 
Carolinas and 20th oldest out of about 3,100 Ford dealerships nationwide. 
A.F. Kilby was the first of four generations of Kilbys to sell Fords at Yadkin Valley. His son, Andrew ‘‘Bud’’ Kilby, and grandson, John Kilby, Sr., now own the dealership. 
the dealership 6 days a week. John serves as general manager. And his son, John Kilby, Jr., is a salesman and Internet manager. 
turned out for a special car show marking the 100th anniversary. Several hundred vehicles, including a number of antique Fords, participated. 
and everyone at Yadkin Valley Motor Company on this significant milestone. 
I met with business owners and the Chamber of Commerce back home in Michigan to discuss what actions we can take here in Congress to create jobs and to boost our economy. 
One action that came up is that Congress could immediately act to bring up legislation to reauthorize the ExportImport Bank. 
Michigan jobs are at risk if ExIm is permanently shuttered. This bank, the ExIm Bank, supports over a million U.S. jobs, thousands of small businesses, across the country. 
Sadly, the reauthorization of the ExportImport Bank, which has been supported for over 80 years by Democrats and Republicans in this House and in the White House, has become a victim of Washington’s partisan gridlock, and it is Michigan’s businesses and workers and workers all across this country that are paying the price for Congress’ unwillingness to take this up. 
Nearly every developed country, including China, has an export credit agency of some type. ExIm cannot be allowed to expire. American jobs are at risk. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Iranian nuclear deal has been approved by the U.N. Security Council by a vote of 15–0. 
vote on approval or disapproval to make it binding on America? Yes. But 
the administration, ignoring Congress’ future vote, went to get the U.N. approval anyway. But this deal is bad for the world and the United States. 
to be that Iran would never have nuclear weapons. That has changed. 
development in 10 years. It allows the lifting of conventional arms embargo in 5 years. It allows Iran to develop ICBM capacity in 8 years. It immediately gives Iran billions of dollars, money that I believe will be used to give to terrorist groups, since Iran is the number one state sponsor of terrorism in the world. 
doesn’t control my vote. The people of Texas do. The people I represent think this is a bad deal and don’t want the United States to be a part of this Iranian nuclear weapon development fiasco. And that is the way I will vote, whether the U.N. or the administration likes it or not. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
month is an opportunity to celebrate some critical programs. The Older Americans Act celebrated its 50th anniversary this past Tuesday. Medicare and Medicaid turn 50 later this month. And Social Security turns 80 in August. 
But it is also a time to reframe how 
we look at aging in this country. With Americans living longer and healthier lives, we need to create a new paradigm that ensures older Americans are living longer with the highest quality of life for the longest time possible. 
population feel part of the community, provide opportunities for them to stay physically and socially active, and maintain a serious purpose of life and a zest for life. 
I came to Congress to protect Medicare and Social Security. They are bedrock programs that seniors depend on for a safe, healthy, and secure retirement. 
this year, we need to improve and strengthen these programs to better meet the needs of our seniors. We can start by expanding Medicare to cover things like hearing aids. 
look back some 70 years in commemoration of the end of World War II, it is a good time to reflect upon one group of unsung heroes who went above and 
recognizable because it had the face of a shark painted on the nose of the plane and its menacing teeth served as a warning to their enemies wherever they flew. 
was brutally attacked by the Japanese, its leader called upon the world community for help. A group of American volunteers answered the call and joined up with Taiwan’s Air Force to become one of the most important elements in the ultimate defeat of the Japanese invaders. 
role of the Flying Tigers and Taiwan’s Air Force in holding off the onslaught that U.S. military forces eventually rolled back. 
gather our strength. For this, we are eternally grateful. 
Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I joined the people of Colombia and my fellow Colombian Americans in celebrating the nation’s 215 years of independence. 
rich history and vibrant culture. I am even prouder of the close friendship between our two countries, a partnership which has never been more important. 
the promotion of democracy, the United States and Colombia are working arm in arm together to make our hemisphere a more peaceful and prosperous place. 
are celebrating their independence at a critical juncture in Colombian history. 
instability, Colombia is engaged in intense negotiations with the FARC guerillas, talks that could produce a landmark peace agreement. 
This inspiring effort not only demonstrates the Colombian Government’s commitment to peace, but also the Colombian people’s capacity for healing and forgiveness. 
Santos and his administration for the progress to date and encourage both parties to press ahead, despite the obstacles that remain. 
1 year from today the Colombian people will be able to celebrate not just their innocence, but their freedom from fear and violence. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is 
the most trying times that bring out the best in people. West Virginia has faced high water and floods over the past few weeks. Recently there was an act of heroism in Wood County that deserves recognition on the House floor. 
yearold Brant Freeland and his mother pulled over to wait out high water blocking the road. Brant noticed a car caught in the rising water ahead of him. Not thinking twice, Brant bolted from his car to see if someone was inside. 
Boggs trapped inside with the water rising. He wrenched open the door and got her to safety. 
thing on his mind when he entered the water was being a hero. ‘‘I was just worried about saving that lady’s life. That is all.’’ 
us the kind of courage that is too often missing these days. 
(Mr. ZINKE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
to pay tribute to Marine Sergeant Carson Homquist, Marine Gunnery Sergeant and Purple Heart recipient Thomas Sullivan, Marine Lance Corporal Skip Wells, Marine Sergeant David Wyatt, and Navy Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith. 
and the American people that Congress will act to prevent this tragic loss from occurring again. 
and former Marine Corps Major DUNCANHUNTER in introducing legislation 
to enhance security at our Armed Forces centers by allowing our military members to defend themselves from attacks. 
that this cowardly attack will not be ignored and our heroes shall not die in vain. 
I urge all Members to join me in flying the Marine Corps flag and the Navy Anchor flag outside their D.C. office this week. 
women who defend her. Semper fi and anchors aweigh. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Americans do not agree with the President’s executive order giving amnesty to 5 million immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally, and they especially do not agree with Hillary Clinton’s plan 
majority of Americans, 63 percent, now think gaining control of our border is more important than legalizing those already in the United States. 
Earlier this month Rasmussen reported that a majority of Americans believe illegal immigration increases the level of serious crime in America. 
in San Francisco serves as a reminder of how the administration’s failed policies have endangered the lives of innocent Americans. 
Americans first, the administration has often given a free pass to violent criminals who cross our border illegally. 
the American people. Securing our borders should be its first priority, not giving amnesty to those who are here illegally. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 14 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) at 4 o’clock 
A message in writing from the President of the United States was communicated to the House by Mr. Brian Pate, one of his secretaries. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2256) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited a the ‘‘Veterans Information Modernization Act’’. 
ADMINISTRATION AND FURNISHING OF HOSPITAL CARE, MEDICAL SERVICES, AND NURSING HOME CARE. 
73 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
Administration and furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care 
March 1 during each of years 2016 through 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care under the laws administered by the Secretary and on the administration of the provision of such care and services by the Veterans Health Administration during the calendar year preceding the calendar year during which the report is submitted. 
the following for the year covered by the report: 
the Veterans Health Administration program in increasing the access of veterans eligible for hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care furnished by the Secretary to such care. 
the Veterans Health Administration in improving the quality of health care provided to such veterans, without increasing the costs incurred by the Government or such veterans, which includes the relevant information for each medical center and Veterans Integrated Service Network of the Department set forth separately. 
the Department, including the total amount of such billings and the total amounts collected, set forth separately for claims greater than $1000 and for claims equal to or less than $1000. 
terms ‘hospital care’, ‘medical services’, ‘nursing home care’, and ‘nonDepartment facilities’ have the meanings given such terms in section 1701 of this title.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330A the following new item: 
Administration and furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care.’’. 
73 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by section 2, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
and a provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.) or sections 351 or 361 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 262) (including any regulations issued under such Acts), the provision the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act or Public Health Service Act (including any regulations issued under such Acts) shall apply. 
In this section, the term ‘biological implant’ means any animal or human cell, tissue, or cellular or tissuebased product— 
human cells, tissues, or cellular or tissue based products in section 1271.3 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation; or 
sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 2, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7330B, as added by section 2, the following new item: 
81 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
procure biological implants of human origin only from vendors that meet the following conditions: 
by the Food and Drug Administration under subpart B of part 1271 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation, and in the case of a vendor that uses a tissue distribution intermediary or a tissue processor, the vendor provides assurances that the tissue distribution intermediary or tissue processor is registered as required by the Food and Drug Administration. 
all biological implant recalls conducted on the vendor’s own initiative, on the initiative of the original product manufacturer used by the vendor, by the request of the Food and Drug Administration, or by a statutory order of the Food and Drug Administration. 
records associated with the procurement of a biological implant by the Department for at least 10 years after the date of the procurement of the biological implant. 
the biological implants provided by the vendor are acquired only from tissue processors that maintain active accreditation with the American Association of Tissue Banks or a similar national accreditation specific to biological implants. 
implants of nonhuman origin only from vendors that meet the following conditions: 
all biological implant recalls conducted on the vendor’s own initiative, on the initiative of the original product manufacturer used by the vendor, by the request of the Food and Drug Administration, or by a statutory order of the Food and Drug Administration. 
as required in part 803 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any warning letter from the Food and Drug Administration issued to the vendor or the original product manufacturer it uses by not later than 60 days after the vendor receives such report or warning letter. 
records associated with the procurement of a biological implant by the Department for at least 10 years after the date of the procurement of the biological implant. 
listed on the Federal Supply Schedules, the Secretary shall accommodate reasonable vendor requests to undertake outreach efforts to educate medical professionals of the Department about the use and efficacy of such biological implants. 
are unavailable for procurement under the Federal Supply Schedules, the Secretary shall procure such implants using competitive procedures in accordance with applicable law and the Federal Acquisition Regulation. 
human donor of the implant and to all records pertaining to the implant; 
1271.290 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulation. 
entity processing human tissue for use in biological implants including activities performed on tissue other than donor screening, donor testing, tissue recovery and collection functions, storage, or distribution.’’. 
sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end of the items relating to such subchapter the following new item: 
the Veterans Expedited Recovery Commission (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). 
based therapy model used by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs for treating mental health illnesses of veterans and identify areas to improve wellnessbased outcomes. 
available treatments for mental health issues and which methods the veterans believe to be most effective; 
regarding the availability of benefits and treatments for veterans for addressing mental health issues, including by identifying ways to reduce barriers to and gaps in such benefits and treatments. 
relating to mental health issues submitted to the Secretary by veterans who served in Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation New Dawn, including an assessment of the resources available within the Department to ensure that quality health care demands relating to such claims can be delivered in a timely manner. 
of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(ii) Two members appointed by the Minority Leader of the House of Representatives, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(iii) Two members appointed by the Majority Leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(iv) Two members appointed by the Minority Leader of the Senate, at least one of whom shall be a veteran. 
(iii) individuals who do not have a financial interest in any of the complementary alternative treatments reviewed by the Commission. 
the Commission shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. 
shall hold its first meeting not later than 30 days after a majority of members are appointed to the Commission. 
such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out the responsibilities of the Commission. 
The Commission may secure directly from any department or agency of the Federal Government such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out the duties of the Commission. 
shall keep an accurate and complete record of the actions and meetings of the Commission. Such record shall be made available for public inspection and the Comptroller General of the United States may audit and examine such record. 
the chairman of the Commission, the head of any department or agency of the Federal Government may detail, on a reimbursable basis, any personnel of that department or agency to assist the Commission in carrying out the duties of the Commission. 
with rules agreed upon by the Commission, may appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its functions, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, without regard to the provision of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable for a position at a level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of title 5, United States Code. 
and any personnel of the Commission are employees under section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, for purpose of chapters 63, 81, 83, 84, 85, 87, 89, and 90 of such title. 
to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in appropriations Acts, enter into 
contracts to enable the Commission to discharge the duties of the Commission under this section. 
Commission may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid to a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code. 
may use the United States mails in the same manner and under the same conditions as departments and agencies of the United States. 
Upon the request of the Commission, the Administrator of General Services shall provide to the Commission, on a reimbursable basis, the administrative support services necessary for the Commission to carry out its responsibilities under this section. These administrative services may include human resource management, budget, leasing, accounting, and payroll services. 
months after the first meeting of the Commission, the Commission shall submit to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the President, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs a final report on the findings of the Commission. Such report shall include the following: 
recommendations established by the Commission on such solutions and remedies for improving wellnessbased outcomes for veterans with mental health care issues. 
established by the Commission, including regarding any complementary alternative treatment, that the Secretary determines is not appropriate or feasible to implement, a justification for each such determination and an alternative solution to improve the efficacy of the therapy model used by the Secretary for treating veterans with mental health issues. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) and the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. B ROWN ) 
have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
I developed and introduced this legislation following an oversight hearing in January where the subcommittee attempted to determine the cost and value of the care that the Department of Veterans Affairs provides to our Nation’s veterans. 
it became painfully obvious that VA leaders were unable to provide basic information about, for example, how much the VA spends on a single patient encounter in a VA primary care clinic. 
the Oscar G. Johnson VA Medical Center in my hometown of Iron Mountain, Michigan, for 20 years, it is unbelievable to me that the VA either does not have or is unwilling to share key information about the care that it provides. 
The Congressional Budget Office testified in January that the VA ‘‘. . . provided limited data to Congress and the public about its costs and operational performance.’’ 
The CBO went on to state, ‘‘. . . if 
this data was provided on a regular and systemic basis, it could help inform policymakers about the efficiency and costeffectiveness of VA’s services.’’ 
for the VA to be more forthcoming were echoed at that hearing by witnesses from the American Legion and the Independent Budget. 
many—seemingly endless—scandals that have plagued the Department over the last year and a half. A lack of transparency is at the heart of all of these scandals, and one of the keys to overcoming them is requiring the Department to regularly provide specific information about the care that the VA provides. 
H.R. 2256, as amended, would accomplish that goal by requiring the VA to submit an annual report to Congress regarding the provision of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the VA health care system. 
information about the operations of the Veterans Health Administration, including data regarding access, quality, workload, patient demographics and utilization, physician compensation and productivity, purchase care, and pharmaceutical prices. 
The VA would also be required to detail thirdparty billings and collections, including information on both small and large claims. This would ensure that the growing disparity between the amounts that the VA bills for and the amount that the VA collects is accounted for and that the VA 
receives every available dollar that it is owed and uses it to improve the services that the VA provides. Many of the data points included in this report are already provided by the Department of Defense for TRICARE. 
The regular receipt of this information would allow Congress, veterans, and the American taxpayers to make better informed decisions about the services that the Department is offering and to assist in creating the VA healthcare system that our veterans truly deserve. 
Other provisions included in the Veterans Information Modernization Act would broaden the VA’s definition of a ‘‘homeless veteran’’ to include veterans and their families who are fleeing violent homes, improve the VA’s processes for tracking and procuring biological implants, and establish a commission to examine the VA’s mental health treatment model and the benefits of incorporating complementary and alternative treatments. 
I would like to offer my sincere gratitude and appreciation to my friends and colleagues—Congressman GUSBILIRAKIS , Congressman P HIL ROE, and 
MILLER ; Ranking Member B ROWN ; Congresswoman J ULIA BROWNLEY , the 
ranking member of the Subcommittee on Health; and all of the members of the Subcommittee on Health on both sides of the aisle for their hard work and leadership on this bill. 
which was reported favorably out of the full committee earlier this summer and is fully offset, is supported by many veteran service organizations, including the American Legion, the Veterans of Foreign Wars, the Concerned Veterans for America, the Vietnam Veterans of America, and the Paralyzed Veterans of America. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to join me in supporting the Veterans Information Modernization Act. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BROWN of Florida. Mr. Speaker, 
I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of H.R. 2256, the Veterans Information Modernization Act, as amended. 
improve access and quality of services to our Nation’s veterans. This bill requires the Secretary to submit an annual report on the Department’s furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care to veterans. 
One of our priorities on the committee is to ensure that safe, quality health care is provided to veterans and their families. This report will assist us in our oversight duties of the Department. 
‘‘homeless veteran’’ to include veterans fleeing from domestic violence. As you 
know, veterans who experience domestic violence are considered at high risk 
for homelessness. This is a very vulnerable population, and anytime we find a barrier to care, we should remove it. 
as ranking member is to ensure that we provide safe, quality housing for homeless women veterans. 
population, and there is a serious lack of housing options for those who become homeless. 
There is an even greater crisis in attempting to find housing for women veterans who have children. This is largely due to the fact that many facilities do not allow women and children to be in the same facilities as men. This must be corrected immediately. 
those who have been forced to live on the streets—in weekly motels and in other housing places that are not fit to live in due to domestic violence. 
should be working closely with the VA and HUD to ensure that there is transitional and emergency housing available for women veterans during their greatest time of need. 
This bill addresses gaps in the identification, tracking, and the procurement of biological implants at the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
commission to examine the effectiveness of the evidencebased therapy model for treating veterans’ mental health illnesses. 
on both sides of the aisle for their interest and support of veterans’ issues. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BILIRAKIS ), my colleague and friend and the 
reforms to the VA, which has become the hallmark of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
Speaker. I am particularly pleased about the inclusion of my bill, H.R. 271, the Creating Options for Veterans Expedited Recovery Act, better known as the COVER Act. 
Last year the Veterans’ Affairs Committee held a hearing regarding veterans’ access to the VA’s mental health services. At the hearing, we heard from the mothers and fathers of deceased veterans. 
testimony moved me. I can’t remember another instance when the Veterans’ Affairs Committee room was so quiet and solemn as on that day. 
Statistics show that one in five veterans who serves in Iraq and Afghanistan has been diagnosed with post 
traumatic stress. Now we must responsibly ask ourselves: Are we doing enough when it comes to addressing mental health in our veteran population? 
day in this country approximately 18 to 22 veterans take their own lives. This statistic answers the question I posed earlier. It is obvious more needs to be done. 
Far too often we have heard of situations in which our veterans are being overprescribed opioids and antipsychotics. While traditional forms of therapies may work for some, tailoring therapies to the veterans and finding the balance between traditional and complementary, alternative treatments could be the difference in saving lives. 
who was able to tell me just how much alternative treatments have improved his life. His treatment plan to address his PTS and physical injuries consisted of over 30 different pills every day. He told me how much this affected him. He said he felt hopeless and wasn’t quite himself anymore. 
life again and looked for an alternative. He found an alternative treatment in training and in caring for a service dog. 
multivitamin, one other medication, and a fourlegged companion that never leaves his side. 
a working formula to heal our veterans, mentally and physically. It will pave the way toward the inclusion of these complementary alternative therapies at the VA. 
These therapies include, but certainly are not limited to, service animal therapy, yoga therapy, acupuncture, equine therapy, and accelerated resolution therapy. Mr. Speaker, I have heard the stories from these veterans, and these therapies really work. They need access to these therapies. At a recent town hall, I even heard about the benefits of martial arts. The martial arts were treating PTS. 
health issues, one size does not fit all. Please support this good bill. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), 
my colleague and a fellow physician on the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. 
rise in strong support of H.R. 2256, as amended, which includes a bill I introduced, H.R. 1016, the Biological Implant Tracking and Veteran Safety Act. 
A frightening January 2014 GAO report found that the VA does not use a standardized process for tracking biological tissue from a cadaver to a living donor veteran patient. In the event 
of a recall, it would be virtually impossible to track down which patient had received contaminated tissue. GAO also found that the Veterans Health Administration does not always ensure it is purchasing tissue from biological implant vendors that have registered with the FDA and does not maintain an inventory system to prevent expired tissue from remaining in storage alongside unexpired tissues. 
The GAO and Veterans’ Affairs Committee staff have discovered that VA often uses a loophole that allows it to purchase biological implants on the open, unregulated market, which it does in 57 percent of its biological implant purchases. This bill would require the procurement of biological implants from vendors on the Federal supply schedules which have been appropriately vetted. For biological implants not on the Federal supply schedule but requested by clinicians, my bill requires justification and approval of open market purchases under the Federal acquisition regulation on a case bycase basis rather than simply granting a blanket waiver. 
This bill would also direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to adopt FDA’s unique device identification system for labeling of all biological implant tissue and implement an automated inventory system to track the tissue from donor to implant recipient. This legislation would also require all biological implant tissue to be procured through vendors that are registered with the FDA, accredited by the American Association of Tissue Banks, and use FDA’s unique device identification system. 
The 6 million veterans served annually by VHA deserve the highest standard of patient care in the Nation. Implementation of H.R. 2256 would help establish the VA as an industry leader in biologic implant safety and accountability. 
I want to thank the Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee staff for their help in developing this legislation which truly puts veterans first. 
I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BENISHEK. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s support, and I again encourage all Members to support H.R. 2256, as amended. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2256, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PERMISSION TO FILE SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT ON H.R. 1599, SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD LABELING ACT OF 2015 
unanimous consent that the Committee on Agriculture be authorized to file a supplemental report on the bill H.R. 1599. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 237) to authorize the revocation or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes, as amended. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure for the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent at this time to withdraw the motion to suspend the rules. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1557) to amend the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 to strengthen Federal antidiscrimination laws enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and expand accountability within the Federal government, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015’’. 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended— 
Federal employee rights is furthered when Federal agencies take appropriate disciplinary action against Federal employees who 
have been found to have committed discriminatory or retaliatory acts;’’; and 
Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (5 U.S.C. 2301 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and 
the fair, impartial, processing and resolution of complaints of employment discrimination and retaliation arising in the Federal administrative process and shall establish a model Equal Employment Opportunity Program that— 
‘‘Nothing in this title shall prevent a Federal agency’s Human Capital or General Counsel office from providing advice or counsel to agency personnel on the processing and resolution of a complaint, including providing legal representation to an agency in any proceeding. 
Employment Opportunity Program shall report directly to the head of the agency. 
Not later than 30 days after the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission issues an appellate decision involving a finding of discrimination or retaliation within a Federal agency the Commission shall refer the matter to the Office of Special Counsel. 
Counsel shall notify the Commission in a case in which the Office of Special Counsel initiates disciplinary action. 
Office of Special Counsel, or an Office of the 
Inspector General any information that relates to any violation of any law, rule, or regulation, or mismanagement, a gross waste of funds, an abuse of authority, or a substantial, and specific danger to public health or safety, or any other whistleblower protection.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) and the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. C UMMINGS ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Utah? 
There was no objection. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
introduced by my friend and ranking member of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Mr. CUMMINGS of Maryland. He has done yeoman’s work on this content. I was proud to join him as a cosponsor of this important piece of legislation that will help many of our Federal workers as they go through their work in knowing they have even more protections. 
The Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015 strengthens accountability within our Federal workforce. The bill does so by improving agencies’ processes for reporting instances of workplace discrimination and retaliation. It also requires agencies to create a system to track complaints of discrimination and retaliation from beginning to end. 
to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission whether disciplinary action has been taken against an employee for discrimination or retaliation. It requires agencies to provide electronic notification to employees when such an action occurs. 
The bill requires agencies to post additional information about discriminatory practices on their Web site. It also requires that adverse actions taken against any employee for discrimination or retaliation be included in that individual’s personnel file. 
Combined, these provisions bring additional transparency and accountability to the Federal civil service and will help diminish instances of discrimination and retaliation within our government. Obviously, those things can’t stand. 
Employment offices a direct report to the agency head. This is an important step and a good portion of the bill that is being brought forth today. This change will help ensure that employees feel safe and comfortable when reporting discriminatory or retaliatory actions. 
employees can report waste, fraud, and abuse within their agency to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or the inspectors general. 
exposing wrongdoing within the government. An agency should never have the ability to tell a government employee that he or she cannot report waste, fraud, or abuse to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or the inspectors general. The bill reinforces that obstructing an employee’s communication with Congress and other watchdogs is against the law. 
We should be encouraging open communication between Federal employees and Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, and the inspectors general to protect the integrity of our government and the taxpayers. 
for his leadership and work on this bill, and I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 1557. 
As the author of the Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act, I would like to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ and 
his staff for working with me in drafting this bipartisan legislation. I also appreciate the chairman’s support for this bill during the committee’s consideration this past March. 
bill. As a former Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, her expertise in employment law is unparalleled in Congress. 
I also appreciate the support of Representatives JAMES SENSENBRENNER  
and S HEILA JACKSON LEE, who cosponsored the bill. 
Ward Jordan, Paulette Taylor, and all the members of the Coalition 4 Change, also known as C4C, for their invaluable assistance on this legislation. 
Both C4C and the Make It Safe Coalition are dedicated to ending discrimination and retaliation against whistleblowers in the Federal workplace, and I applaud their leadership and their hard work. 
The Federal EEO programs are critical to ensuring that Federal workplaces are free from discrimination and that any barriers impeding fairness in personnel decisions are identified and eliminated. These programs exist to ensure that our Federal workplaces uphold the guarantee of equal opportunity. That is the right of every citizen in this great country. 
If discrimination occurs, these programs must be able to investigate and adjudicate employee complaints impartially and in a timely manner. b1700 
and job applicants filed nearly 16,000 complaints alleging that they had been victims of discrimination. Although the vast majority of Federal workplaces are in compliance with current EEO requirements, some Federal agencies have failed to meet the standards of a model EEO program. 
issued a report on the Social Security Administration that made 12 findings regarding Social Security’s failure to maintain a model EEOC program, ensure efficient management of the various stages of the complaint process, provide uniform training to ensure equal opportunities, and implement effective and efficient antiharassment policies and procedures. The EEOC made more than 60 recommendations 
My bill would require that EEO programs operate independently of an agency’s human resources or general counsel offices and that the head of the program report directly to the head of an agency. This would ensure that effective implementation of the EEO program is prioritized at the highest level of an agency and that program’s sole purpose is ensuring equal opportunity for all employees. 
accountability mechanisms that are central to the effectiveness of the EEO process. This legislation would expand the notifications that agencies are required to provide when discrimination is found to have occurred and would require agencies to track and report whether such findings have resulted in any disciplinary action. 
use of nondisclosure agreements that restrict an employee from disclosing to Congress, the office of special counsel, or an inspector general any information that relates to any violation of law, rule, or regulation or instance of waste, fraud, or abuse. 
According to the 2014 Federal employee viewpoint survey, only 60 percent of Federal employees agreed that they could ‘‘disclose a suspected violation of any law, rule, or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ 
that. Employees need to have confidence that they can report an act of discrimination without suffering retaliation, and they need to know that such reports will be thoroughly, fairly, and timely investigated and adjudicated. 
The Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015 will strengthen existing requirements to ensure that Federal EEO programs meet these standards and that agency management of the EEO process follows the best practices available. 
Again, I take a moment, Mr. Speaker, to thank Chairman CHAFFETZ . This 
was truly a bipartisan effort. We saw a problem, and we put our heads together and tried to address it. I would urge all Members of the House to vote for it. 
no additional speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). 
me rise today to thank both the chairman and the ranking member of this committee, Mr. CHAFFETZ and Mr. 
very important issue, which I rise to be part of and with a little history on this issue with the earlier passage of the No FEAR Act so many years ago. 
I support this legislation which ensures agencies effectively implement their Equal Employment Opportunity, or EEO, programs and that Federal employees are never prevented from disclosing discriminatory or wasteful actions to Congress, the office of special counsel, or inspectors general. 
history of addressing workplace equality, and that is why I sponsored similar legislation with the No FEAR Act, which was first introduced in Congress in 2002. This was previous legislation that had a sense of Congress provision, whereas this particular legislation further strengthens the responsibilities and rights of employees. 
for imposing additional duties upon Federal agency employers, intended to reinvigorate their longstanding obligation to provide a work environment free of discrimination and retaliation. 
Committee held a hearing dealing with actions at one of our agencies. Dr. Marsha ColemanAdebayo had been in my office repeatedly. I mention her name because of her continued vigilance in speaking about issues dealing with whistleblowers. In actuality, this one involved a $600,000 jury decision against the EPA for race and sex discrimination under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
was clear that what we wanted to do was prevent retaliation, which we see in this legislation here today. I am grateful that we now have a roadmap for dealing with individuals who want only the best for our government. 
I can give some of the names as an 
example: Mark Felt, the FBI agent known as Deep Throat during the Watergate scandal of the 1970s; Frank Serpico, a New York police officer who confronted his department for the rampant corruption the leadership let take place; Jeffrey Wigand, a tobacco executive who admitted that tobacco companies knew they were putting addictive chemicals into their cigarettes; and, of course, Sherron Watkins, an executive of the Enron Corporation. 
from different walks of life, but the whole idea is to make sure that we, as Members of Congress, recognize that whistleblower activities or actions are clearly a part of good government. According to the 2014 Federal employee viewpoint survey, only 60 percent of Federal employees agreed that they could ‘‘disclose a suspected violation of any law, rule, or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ 
the front line of providing this forum; and I am glad to be able to join you as a member of the Homeland Security Committee and Judiciary Committee to, again, emphasize the importance of safe and discriminationfree workplaces. 
opportunity firsthand to listen to at least one of our whistleblowers who only wanted to be able to help establish a workplace that was free of discrimination and fear. 
Marsha ColemanAdebayo, a dedicated Federal employee who worked so very hard. 
Marsha ColemanAdebayo earned a doctoral degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and worked with the United Nations before joining the Environmental Protection Agency in 1990. During her time at the U.N., she also developed an expertise in African developmental issues. 
Adebayo says she requested that the agency devote attention to environmental problems in South Africa that were allegedly caused by an American company. She says that the agency reneged on promises to investigate the matter, and the harder she pushed for change, the more she faced a backlash from her superiors. 
make mention that we passed the No FEAR Act with a number of Members. 
As we have noted a number of whistleblowers who were actually Persons of the Year on Time Magazine, I join my colleagues in supporting the present underlying legislation and ask all Members to support this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today as an original co 
sponsor and strong support of H.R. 1557, the ‘‘Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015.’’ 
agencies effectively implement their Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) programs and that federal employees are never prevented from disclosing discriminatory or wasteful actions to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or Inspectors General. 
Let me express my thanks to Ranking Member CUMMINGS for introducing this critical legislation that is essential to ensuring that our federal workplaces are free from discrimination, and that any barriers impeding fairness in personnel decisions are identified and eliminated. 
equality and that is why I sponsored similar legislation when the No Fear Act was first introduced to Congress in 2002. 
The No Fear Act set the precedent for imposing additional duties upon Federal agency employers intended to reinvigorate their longstanding obligation to provide a work environment free of discrimination and retaliation. 
If you would allow me I would like to put a 
face on this problem. On October 2, 2000, the House Science 
Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Intolerance at EPA—Harming People, Harming Science?’’ 
whistleblower, won a $600,000 jury decision against EPA for race and sex discrimination under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. 
Science Committee Congressman SENSEN BRENNER illuminated the dangerous precedent 
set by the EPA, stating, ‘‘While EPA has a clear policy on dealing with employees that discriminate, harass and retaliate against other EPA employees, no one apparently involved in the ColemanAdebayo or Nolan cases have yet to be disciplined by EPA.’’ 
Mr. Speaker no employee should fear voicing their concerns in reference to a safer more work conducive environment. 
connotation to describe insubordinate employees, but history has shown us that whistleblowers are often heroes that have shed light on employers’ illegal practices and as a result made the workplace better for future employees. 
confronted his department for the rampant corruption the leadership let take place. 
admitted that tobacco companies knew they were putting addictive chemicals into their cigarettes. 
Enron corporation who was vital in exposing the financial lies and frauds of the company. 
established corporations and agencies even when others doubted their claims. 
We must protect these types of acts in Federal offices and successfully implement the Equal Employment Opportunity Programs (EEO). 
Congress is a whistleblower for the people in that uncovering and correcting problems in the agencies that administer the laws is an essential part of our oversight responsibilities. 
Viewpoint Survey, only 60 percent of federal employees agreed that they could quote, ‘‘disclose a suspected violation of any law, rule or regulation without fear of reprisal.’’ 
have confidence that they can report an act of discrimination without suffering retaliation. 
will be thoroughly, fairly, and timely investigated and adjudicated. 
operate independently of an agency’s human resources or general counsel offices. 
report directly to the head of an agency and the act would prohibit the use of nondisclosure agreements that restrict an employee from disclosing to Congress, the Office of Special Counsel, or instance of waste, fraud or abuse. 
Ranking Member of the Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations, I understand the importance of safe and discrimination free workplaces. 
In conclusion, let me express my appreciation again to Ranking Member CUMMINGS for 
introducing this legislation and Chairman CHAFFETZ for shepherding this bill to the floor. 
ensure federal EEO programs meet high standards, we are implementing the best practices available to combat workplace discrimination. 
House to vote in favor of this very important legislation. It is bipartisan and does address issues that are of concern to all of us. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CHAFFETZ. Mr. Speaker, in 
closing, I simply want to thank those Members who have worked hard on this bill. One that is of special note is Congressman SEANDUFFY of Wisconsin. He 
has done great work on this, particularly trying to hold people accountable at Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for the EEOC issues there. 
This bill would not be a reality without Mr. CUMMINGS . We thank him for 
his leadership on this. I am proud to support it. I think all the Members in this body should support it. It does further the protections for employees. It makes government better and more responsible. 
1557, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ORGANIZATIONS—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 114–49) 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed: 
its declaration, the President publishes in the Federal Register and transmits to 
the Congress a notice stating that the emergency is to continue in effect beyond the anniversary date. In accordance with this provision, I have sent to the Federal Register for publication the 
enclosed notice stating that the national emergency with respect to transnational criminal organizations declared in Executive Order 13581 of July 24, 2011, is to continue in effect beyond July 24, 2015. 
transnational criminal organizations have reached such scope and gravity that they threaten the stability of international political and economic systems. Such organizations are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dangerous to the United States; they are increasingly entrenched in the operations of foreign governments and the international financial system, thereby weakening democratic institutions, degrading the rule of law, and undermining economic markets. These organizations facilitate and aggravate violent civil conflicts and increasingly facilitate the activities of other dangerous persons. 
transnational criminal organizations continue to pose an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States. Therefore, I have determined that it is necessary to continue the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13581 with respect 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 12 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FARENTHOLD ) at 5 o’clock 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 237) to authorize the revocation or denial of passports and passport cards to individuals affiliated with foreign terrorist organizations, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015’’. 
issue and validity of passports, and for other purposes’’, approved July 3, 1926 (22 U.S.C. 211a et seq.), commonly known as the ‘‘Passport Act of 1926’’, is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 days to revise and extend and to include extraneous materials on this measure. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
International travel by terrorist recruits poses a deadly and growing threat. It is estimated that ISIS alone has drawn 20,000 foreign fighters into Syria and Iraq. 
and elsewhere also draw foreigners into their deadly campaigns. These include thousands of westerners, primarily from Europe, but also a couple of hundred people from the United States so far. 
headlines: British officials today arrested a man for plotting attacks on U.S. military personnel there in Britain and for planning to travel to Syria to join ISIS, along with his uncle. 
these foreign fighters receive terrorist training and they hone their skills 
even appeared as executioners in ISIS’ gruesome propaganda videos. If they return home, hardened fighters come back more hateful, certainly more deadly. 
one sailor in Chattanooga, Tennessee, last Thursday; the attempted attack in 
Garland, Texas, in May; and the 2013 Boston Marathon bombing all demonstrate that the United States is not immune from lone wolf and smallscale attacks of the type that ISIS and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula continue to call for. 
to prohibit such travel in support of designated terrorist groups hasn’t kept pace with the threat. I want to thank the chairman of the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade, Judge TED 
POEof Texas, for his work in introducing H.R. 237, the Foreign Terrorist Organization Passport Revocation Act, as a critical countermeasure. 
bill grants the Secretary of State the authority to refuse or revoke a passport to any individual whom the Secretary determines has helped a designated foreign terrorist organization in realizing its jihadist ambitions. 
spelled out in statute, but depends on interpretation of Federal regulations, and this legislation will write it into permanent law. 
the text before us today grants permissive authority to the Secretary and, thus, the discretion to avoid interfering with law enforcement or intelligence activities that might be compromised if such a revocation were mandatory. 
Secretary of State will exercise this authority within the bounds of constitutional due process, the bill also requires a report to Congress whenever such authority is used to help ensure oversight and to provide transparency. 
Individuals who actively support designated terrorist organizations must be stopped from traveling abroad to learn how to kill Americans and our allies. Spelling this out clearly in permanent law will help prevent misguided individuals from getting further radicalized abroad, which leads to terrorist attacks on the homeland. 
and his 10 bipartisan cosponsors for their work in bringing the bill forward, and this measure obviously deserves our support. 
respect to H.R. 237, the ‘‘FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015,’’ which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
that fall within the Rule X jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary. As a result of your having consulted with the Committee and in order to expedite the House’s consideration of H.R. 237, the Committee on the Judiciary will not assert is jurisdictional claim over this bill by seeking a sequential referral. However, this is conditional on our mutual understanding and agreement that doing so will in no way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary with respect to the appointment of conferees or to any future jurisdictional claim over the subject matters contained in the bill or similar legislation. 
confirming this understanding with respect to H.R. 237, and would ask that a copy of our exchange of letters on this matter be included in the Congressional Record during Floor consideration of H.R. 237. 
consulting with the Committee on Foreign Affairs on H.R. 237, the FTO Passport Revocation Act of 2015, and, on the basis of agreed edits in the suspension text of the bill, for agreeing to forgo a sequential referral request so that it may proceed expeditiously to the Floor. 
on this measure does not in any way diminish or alter the jurisdiction of the Committee on the Judiciary, or prejudice its jurisdictional prerogatives on this bill or similar legislation in the future. 
I will seek to place our letters on H.R. 237 
into our Committee Report and into the Congressional Record during floor consideration of the bill. I appreciate your cooperation regarding this legislation and look forward to continuing to work with the Committee on the Judiciary as this measure moves through the legislative process. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 237, as amended, and I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, this legislation authorizes the Secretary of State to deny the issuance of or revoke the passport of an individual who is affiliated with or providing assistance to a designated foreign terrorist organization. 
this legislation, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), for his leadership on 
this issue and for working with us in a bipartisan manner. 
a few moments ago, this is a commonsense bill. It is a reasonable step our 
government can take to address the rise of the socalled Islamic State, or ISIS, while acting within our authority to deny or revoke passports for those who are affiliated with or are aiding, assisting, or abetting an organization that the Secretary has designated as a foreign terrorist organization. 
or Daesh or their latest preferred term, the Islamic State, one thing is quite clear: this organization has captured large swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria with lethal efficiency. 
This brutal terrorist group has engaged in mass executions, targeted religious minorities, raped and enslaved women, destroyed priceless historical treasures, and effectively redrawn the borders of the Middle East. 
With its extensive propaganda efforts, including the sophisticated use of social media, ISIS has recruited tens of thousands of foreign fighters—reportedly more than 1,000 a month—including a significant number from Europe as well as some, remarkably, from the United States. 
fighters is a serious threat, especially with U.S. passport holders among them. The Foreign Affairs Committee has held hearings looking at the impact of ISIS and its use of foreign fighters. Our colleagues and constituents alike are very concerned about what might happen when these fighters return home, radicalized by ISIS ideology and armed with the knowledge of battlefield tactics. 
H.R. 237, the FTO Passport Revocation Act, would address this problem by authorizing the Secretary of State to deny passports to known members or supporters of ISIS and other terrorist groups. It would allow the Secretary to revoke the passports of those who have already left the United States so they are unable to return and sow terror here at home. 
strong national security interest in defeating ISIS. I support the various lines of effort to counter the terrorist group, cracking down on ISIS’ finances, countering their propaganda efforts, and stopping the flow of foreign fighters. To be clear, this legislation will not solve the problem of foreign fighters in Iraq and Syria, but it is a sensible and important step in the right direction. 
Many of our coalition partners, including France, Britain, and Australia, have already taken steps to restrict or revoke passports for ISIS supporters. We must use all the tools at our disposal for protection of our homeland. 
support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE), the chairman of the Foreign 
Affairs Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade and author of this important legislation. 
to thank the cosponsors of this legislation—as mentioned earlier, it is an equal number of Republicans and Democrats—but especially BRADSHERMAN and W ILLIAM KEATING on the minority side. 
National Intelligence, James Clapper, said that 180 Americans have tried to go fight in Syria, either for ISIS, Al Nusra, or some other Islamic extremist group. There may be more; we don’t know. 
in Syria and Iraq are real, dangerous threats to the United States. These individuals are receiving training that makes them capable of sophisticated terrorist attacks, and they put themselves under the command and control of leaders in foreign places and leaders who want to attack the United States. 
States. As the chairman has mentioned earlier, the West—European countries—have this as a tremendous problem where their citizens go and fight in Syria; they are trained, and they come back and cause havoc in these countries in the West. 
U.S., either. Moner Mohammad Abusalha was the first American to carry out a suicide bomb attack in Syria. Before he did so, he returned home to Florida as a fully trained terrorist. Our government had absolutely no idea. He was also a cardcarrying member of al Qaeda, aligned to the Al Nusra front. Fortunately, he did not carry out an attack on the United States, but he could have. 
shift in strategy. Instead of using Americans to win in Syria, it called upon Americans to attack the United States after being trained in Syria. In an audiotape, one of their leaders was heard saying: ‘‘Rig the roads with explosives for them. Attack their bases. Raid their homes. Cut off their heads.’’ 
He is talking about Americans killing Americans who have been radicalized by ISIS. 
yearold Somali American man from Columbus was indicted on charges of supporting terrorists. He was trained in Syria and told by a cleric to go back to the United States and carry out an attack. That is the first time we have caught someone who was specifically told to go back home and attack the United States. 
against America and joined the ranks of foreign radical terrorist armies should not be allowed to come back in to the United States, unless it is in handcuffs. 
Terrorist Organization Passport Revocation Act, is a critical bill at a critical time. This bipartisan bill grants the Secretary of State the authority to revoke or deny U.S. passports of individuals who support designated foreign terrorist organizations. 
ruled in Haig v. Agee that the Secretary of State has the authority to revoke a passport when the national security of the United States is threatened. We are not talking about citizenship; we are talking about revocation of a passport. This bill does not deal with the issue of citizenship. 
process available for those who wish to challenge the Secretary of State’s decision. Under existing regulations, a person is entitled to a hearing within 60 days of receiving notice that that passport is being revoked. 
and Syria by the thousands. Some of them are Americans. We must stop these outlaws from coming back to the United States and committing crimes against us. 
And that is just the way it is. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
that cannot be negotiated with and must be defeated. They literally want to return civilization back centuries and centuries. 
It is hard for me and I think it is 
hard for almost any American to imagine what could possibly be going through the mind of a U.S. citizen who would be attracted to go over there and make common cause with ISIS. 
Mr. Speaker, as the son of an immigrant who knows the sacrifices his father and grandparents made to come to this country, the fact that someone would actually jeopardize the most valuable thing they have, their American citizenship and their U.S. passport, to join ISIS is completely unfathomable. 
We absolutely have to give our Secretary of State this authority. ISIS sadly presents a real threat both abroad and at home. This is a commonsense measure that we can take, and we must absolutely take it. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I will just quote the Bureau of Counterterrorism, Mr. Speaker. They say that the rate of foreign terrorist fighter travel to Syria exceeded the rate of foreign terrorist fighters that travel to Afghanistan, Pakistan, Iraq, Yemen, or Somalia at any point in the last 20 years. 
were diverse in their socioeconomic and geographic backgrounds, highlighting the need for comprehensive countermessaging and early engagement to dissuade vulnerable individuals from traveling to join the conflict. 
The bill before us today, Mr. Speaker, H.R. 237, is a necessary addition to our national defense. It creates an important deterrent, and it reduces the ability of terrorists to travel. I, again, thank the subcommittee 
member, Mr. K EATING of Massachusetts, and the bipartisan cosponsors of the bill before us today. 
measure, and I yield back balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 237, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 57 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. HOLDING ) at 6 o’clock and 
REPORT ON H.R. 3128, DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2016 
Committee on Appropriations, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–215) on the bill (H.R. 3128) making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, which was referred to the Union Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 1, rule XXI, all points of order are reserved on the bill. 
last Thursday was a very difficult day in my beautiful hometown of Chattanooga, Tennessee. It was a day of horror; it was a day of terror, and it was a day like no other I have lived in my life. 
House by my colleagues from the Tennessee delegation. Chattanooga is my hometown. A lone gunman—a terrorist, an evil man—killed five wonderful United States servicemembers, four marines and one sailor. At two locations in Chattanooga, he opened fire. There was devastation; there was death, and there was horror, and I am so deeply saddened. 
of silence, I am going to ask this great House—the people’s House—for something special because, through all the carnage in the face of evil, I saw Chattanoogans come together with good. In the face of despair, I saw Chattanoogans come together with hope. 
I saw the greatness in America. Catholics, Protestants, Jews, Whites, Blacks, and Latinos came together. We prayed together. We hoped for better days together. We honored the men and women who serve us in all of our branches together. I feel for our great marines. I feel for our Navy in these difficult times. 
Let me tell you this: the Chattanooga Police Department selflessly showed up and fought this terrorist and killed him. Hamilton County police were there. While a brave sailor tried to cling to life, I saw throngs of doctors and nurses at Erlanger hospital giving their best skills to try to save this man. Sadly, they were unsuccessful. 
This is a day I never want to see 
again. I ask you that we resolve to keep all American servicemen and women safe here on American soil. We must do that. We owe that to those five wonderful lives that we lost, all precious. 
I am going to ask for all of us to be 
Chattanooga strong. I am going to ask all of us to please come together as Americans. 
I will read the name of those five outstanding folks: United States Marine Gunnery Sergeant Thomas J. Sullivan; United States Marine Staff Sergeant David Allen Wyatt; United States Marine Sergeant Carson Allen Louis Holmquist; United States Marine Lance Corporal Squire Kimpton Paul Wells; and United States Navy Petty Officer Second Class Randall Smith. 
The SPEAKER. The House will observe a moment of silence. 
The SPEAKER. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2256) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) that the 
House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. 
This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 408, nays 0, not voting 25, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn 
Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes 
Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Grayson Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) 
Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore 
Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho 
Bishop (GA) Brady (PA) Buchanan Carter (TX) Clawson (FL) Conyers Engel Gosar Graves (MO) Green, Al 
Hanna Kelly (IL) Kirkpatrick Lawrence Lipinski Lowey Marchant Price, Tom 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
as above recorded. The title of the bill was amended so 
as to read: ‘‘A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration, to provide for the identification and tracking of biological implants used in Department of Veterans Affairs facilities, and for other purposes.’’. 
Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote, due to the necessity of my attending to representational duties and participation in Michigan. Had I been in attendance, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on: H.R. 2256—The Veterans Information Modernization Act and H.R. 1557—The Federal Employee Antidiscrimination Act of 2015. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent in the House chamber for votes on July 21, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 448 and 449. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1599, SAFE AND ACCURATE FOOD LABELING ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 1734, IMPROVING COAL COMBUSTION RESIDUALS REGULATION ACT OF 2015 
Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–216) on the resolution (H. Res. 369) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1734) to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be removed as a cosponsor of H.R. 3107. 
ALLEN ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Alabama? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to speak about an event this weekend in Eden Prairie, Minnesota, that will raise critical funds for cancer research. 
The Relay for Life brings together individuals from all walks of life that have been affected by cancer as they team up to find a cure. This year’s event, which combines previous relays that have taken place in Bloomington, Eden Prairie, Richfield, Hopkins, and Minnetonka, is aiming to raise over $90,000 for cancer research. 
people learn the devastating news that they have cancer, and the Relay for Life helps provide important funding that helps develop the cures and treatments that will also help millions of people. 
this event. Helping find a cure for cancer will not happen without the dedicated effort and events like the Relay for Life. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I am here this evening to correct the record on women’s health. As the only woman in a tristate delegation that includes New Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Delaware, I speak for millions of women whose right to abortion was codified by the Supreme Court decades ago. 
women who don’t come from States like New Jersey where clinics that provide a full range of women’s health services are accessible, States like Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi where legislatures full of men would love to see those clinics closed for good. 
group, under the guise of legitimate news, released a doctored video to attack Planned Parenthood. This attack isn’t about the trumpedup claims in the video. 
make it harder for women from every walk of life and every corner of the country to make the health choices that work for them. 
other side of the aisle are so quick to hop on that bandwagon. 
that every Member of this body reads the joint comprehensive plan of action that the Obama administration has 
agreed to with Iran. Because, if they do, I think you will see overwhelming majority vote to repudiate it. 
massive influx of cash for Iran. You have heard about their ability to keep their nuclear infrastructure, all these hugely problematic provisions. 
violates the deal, we can snap back economic sanctions. In fact, Iran can snap back in a nuclear direction. 
Iran has stated that, if sanctions are reinstated, in whole or in part, Iran will treat that as grounds to cease performing its commitment under this JCPOA, in whole or in part. 
to penalize them, Iran is reserving the right to simply go back to producing nuclear weapons. 
We have been told that no deal is better than a bad deal. Mr. Speaker, this is a bad deal. 
rise, as dean of the Ohio delegation, to bring to my colleagues’ attention and those who are listening that one of our great Members of Congress from Ohio, Congressman Lou Stokes, who served so ably, with such dignity, with such acumen, and with such heart has been diagnosed with a very serious type of cancer. His days with us are numbered. 
memories of Lou, and there will be many tributes paid to Congressman Louis Stokes of Ohio. Without question, his service was legendary, along with his brother, who became the first African American mayor in our country, the city of Cleveland. 
of Ohio are walking in prayer with the Stokes family now. If Congressman Stokes is listening, I hope he knows that the love of this House, the place to which he dedicated the best years of his life, are with him. 
Stokes of Ohio, for what you have done for America, for the people of Ohio, and for the people of Cleveland. History will record the greatness of your service to others. We love you. We pray with you. We walk with you. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise tonight with deep sadness at the loss of my friend, Mike McElroy, the mayor of Decatur, Illinois, just last week. Mike was not just my friend. He was 
a friend to so many, and he led the City of Decatur through some very difficult times to where Decatur, my former hometown, as a student at Millikin University, has been able to see the progress that many envisioned 26 years ago when Mike and his wife, Lynn, made Decatur their hometown. 
only as a friend of mine, but a friend to the entire community, be it the YMCA that he served on the board of directors, St. Teresa school that he was so active in, or the many other community efforts that he was a part of. 
be missed by all, but especially missed by me. Mike was an early supporter of mine and a friend when I didn’t have as many friends in that town as I started my journey that ended right here on this House floor when I was sworn in a few short years ago. 
early. My heartfelt condolences go out to the entire Decatur community, who will miss you, and, most importantly, to your wife, Lynn, and your son, Matt. Rest in peace, my friend. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to recognize the fifth anniversary of the enactment of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
2007 was not an accident and not an unavoidable byproduct of free markets. It was a mistake, a mistake driven by ideologically driven deregulation. 
Countries which maintained adequate capital requirements did not suffer a financial crisis. Countries which maintained an adequately regulated primary and secondary mortgage market did not suffer through a housing bubble. 
stepped in and saved the global financial system by stabilizing the marketplace and staving off a second Great 
be on the hook for the irresponsible actions by some on Wall Street, the DoddFrank Act required that financial institutions hold adequate capital against the risks they take and take responsibility for the risks that they sell into the market. The DoddFrank Act has unquestionably made our markets safer and more stable. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
proud to join my home State of Utah in celebrating Pioneer Day. In a world that seems to be filled with strife and 
confusion, I am proud to take a moment to celebrate something positive. 
a determined group of pioneers, wagons, and handcarts into the Salt Lake Valley where he uttered those now famous words, ‘‘This is the place.’’ 
Utah. In doing so, they suffered incredibly, hunger, cold, disease, exhaustion, the death of loved ones. My own ancestors were among the many who did suffer. 
Valley, they worked tirelessly to take the desert and to make it bloom into the thriving communities we have today. My, how things have changed. 
State. They are considered some of the finest and highest qualityoflife communities. They are one of the best States to do business. We have the greatest snow on Earth, and our National Parks are truly magnificent. 
those who demonstrate their courage during their journey west and for all those who continue to enrich our great State of Utah. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, in 2010, the southern segment of the Keystone pipeline system began operating, carrying crude oil from Oklahoma to Illinois and Texas. According to multiple news outlets, this existing southern segment of the Keystone system just pumped its one billionth barrel of oil. 
took 2 years to complete, and there have been no incidents as a result of this infrastructure. Yet, here we are 5 years later and the Keystone XL pipeline, which would connect Canada and the United States, still remains unapproved after 7 long years of repetitive reviews. 
will provide American families with new job opportunities and a reliable source of North American energy in the safest, most efficient way possible. 
As a member of the Natural Resources Committee, I rise today to once again urge the President to approve the Keystone XL. 
This southern portion of the Keystone pipeline has proven to be a safe and effective way to transport oil, and the northern segment into Canada will provide the same benefits. 
(Mr. BLUM asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to congratulate Zach Johnson, a native of Cedar Rapids, Iowa, and the First 
District I represent, on his win in yesterday’s British Open, held at St. Andrews in Scotland, the birthplace of golf. 
Zach is well known in Iowa for his incredible work ethic and perseverance. Zach was not the best player on his Cedar Rapids Regis High School golf team, and he wasn’t the number one golfer on the Drake University golf team. 
being a professional golfer, but he refused to give up on his dream of making the PGA tour, and his hard work over the years has definitely paid off. 
2007 Masters and now the British Open, and has represented the United States in the Ryder Cup four times. 
through hard work and perseverance. Yet, he describes himself as ‘‘just a guy from Iowa who has been given some talent.’’ Zach’s humility, as well as his talent and work ethic, are examples to all of us. 
Today we tip our hat to Zach Johnson and his entire family. The entire First District of Iowa is incredibly proud of his success. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to celebrate the life of New Hampshire’s own Major Jeremy Graczyk, a decorated Marine, combat veteran, and American hero. 
A native of Atkinson, New Hampshire, Major Graczyk graduated as valedictorian from Timberlane Regional High School, attended college at the U.S. Naval Academy, and went on to be commissioned in the United States Marine Corps, where he served as part of Operation Iraqi Freedom and was deployed over seven times to Afghanistan and Africa. 
our Nation, he has been awarded over 20 decorations. To say Major Graczyk embodied the meaning of our State’s motto ‘‘Live free or die’’ is an understatement. 
death, we continue to remember and celebrate his life. It is because of soldiers like him that our Nation remains the land of the free and the home of the brave. And for that, we are forever grateful. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise tonight to note the passing of a true gem, a jewel to northern California, LaVerne Grell of Yuba City. Now, my family has the unique experience of having my grandmother, Marjorie, and LaVerne born on the same day in the very same small town amidst the rice fields of northern California. 
My grandmother, Marjorie, and LaVerne spent many years together celebrating birthdays, music, life, and friends. We were blessed with my grandmother for 77 years. But LaVerne, in northern California, we were blessed with for 100 years. 
ripple. She made a big ripple in her life with all the people she touched and her love of music. 
and freely gave her time and her talent for decades through teaching music at Yuba College, participating in Handel’s Messiah for almost 75 years and playing the organ at Marysville’s First Presbyterian Church for 20 years. 
have what we call a celebration of life. Her celebration of life was last November when she reached her 100th birthday, and she had the best party I have ever seen with an orchestra, cellos, and everything. She got on the keyboard herself and showed us what 100 years of life and vigor in northern California looks like. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
my colleagues, I was deeply disturbed by the video that surfaced last week and the allegations regarding Planned Parenthood’s selling the body parts of unborn children. Just today, another video was released showing a senior Planned Parenthood official make flippant comments about receiving money for the organs of aborted babies. 
these videos and reports are shocking and sickening. When such reports come forward, it is our moral responsibility to act. We must take action on behalf of the most vulnerable and precious lives among us. 
House Energy and Commerce and House Judiciary Committees that have begun efforts to investigate these heinous practices, and I am committed to working with my colleagues to ensure we get to the bottom of these allegations. 
Planned Parenthood and all those involved must be held accountable. I stand with all who are dedicated to fight to protect innocent life. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. FORTENBERRY. Madam Speaker, in just a few moments, we will hear from a number of colleagues who are all here gathered in great sadness and with heavy hearts to denounce, once again, another revelation of another gruesome practice by the organization—the taxpayerfunded organization—called Planned Parenthood. 
note that Planned Parenthood was founded in racism. It profits from the pain of abortion, and now it traffics in baby parts. 
to awaken us, awaken our conscience as a nation, to the gruesome realities again of this taxpayerfunded organization? 
have gathered tonight to talk more in depth about this, but also to highlight the fact that we are all interested in ongoing congressional investigations to determine what efforts, what laws, or what new steps need to be taken to ban the unethical and dehumanizing practice undertaken by Planned Parenthood. 
human dignity, especially to protect the most vulnerable members of our society. I find it very interesting, Madam Speaker, that the early feminist movement was dedicated to protecting women from abortion. 
ALLEN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ) 
is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the topic of this Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? 
There was no objection. Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, for 30 
years, Planned Parenthood has worked to dehumanize the babies that they have aborted, claiming that these little babies were just clumps of cells, just clumps of tissue; but through the recent videos that have come out, they have, in essence, admitted what we have known all along—that these are actually little humans. These are little babies, and their organs are being harvested for profit: little baby heads and little baby livers, little baby hearts and little baby lungs—little baby lungs that will never have an opportunity to cry, little baby lungs that will never be 
used to learn how to speak, and little baby lungs that will never learn to sing because they have been killed in the womb. 
well developed that they can survive outside the womb. These little babies feel pain in the abortion. These are little ones who, again, don’t have lobbyists in this town that work for them. They are voiceless, they are defenseless, and so often they are powerless. 
But this House is coming together tonight in extraordinary form to make sure that these little ones are not forgotten, because we are standing up for them to make sure that their lives matter because in America we believe that all lives matter, whether you are born or unborn. So I am proud to be part of this Special Order tonight. I am proud that we have so many Members who want to come down and speak on this important topic. 
you, Mr. DUFFY . Thank you for yielding to me and for your leadership on this extremely important human rights issue. 
videotape sting operation by Live Action exposed several Planned Parenthood affiliates who are eager, ready, and willing to facilitate secret abortions for child sex trafficking victims— some as young or younger than 14—to get them on the streets again. 
As the prime author of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000, the landmark law that seeks to protect victims, mostly women and children, I found the ontherecord willingness of Planned Parenthood personnel to exploit young girls and partner with sex traffickers to be absolutely appalling. Watch the video yourself on liveaction.org. 
sting operation video, part of a series called ‘‘Gendercide: Sex Selection in America,’’ showing Planned Parenthood staff advising undercover female investigators how to procure sex selection abortions. Caught on tape, Planned Parenthood tells the investigator to wait until the baby is 5 months along to get an ultrasound that will reveal the sex of the child, then, if it is a girl, kill it. 
Planned Parenthood is okay with terminating the girl child in its huge network of clinics simply because she is a girl. What a dangerous place for little girls. 
Parenthood is trafficking in baby body parts and intact organs like livers and hearts, charging up to $100 or more per body part. Not only has Planned Parenthood killed over 7 million innocent babies in their chain of abortion mills, about 330,000 children per year, but now shocking new undercover videos by the Center for Medical Progress show high 
ranking Planned Parenthood officials explaining how they market and profit from the sale of the organs of their victims and how doctors maneuver deadly abortion tools to ensure—they call them graspers—intact organs. 
senior director of Planned Parenthood Federation of America’s medical services and a lateterm abortionist herself, explained: 
lung, liver, because we know that, so I am not going to crush that part. I am going to basically crush below, I am going to crush above, and I am going to see if I can get it all intact. 
I would say a lot of people want liver; and 
for that reason, most providers will do this case under ultrasound guidance, so they will know where they are putting their forceps. 
death, but do it in a way that preserves certain organs and body parts for sale. 
video by the same organization shows a Planned Parenthood Federation top doctor, Dr. Mary Gatter, offering to use a ‘‘less crunchy technique’’ to get more intact organs and baby body parts. 
Gatter is nonchalantly talking about crunching—that is, crushing—babies to death in ways that are more likely to preserve body parts and intact organs. This is unconscionable, it is inhumane, and it must stop. I am glad that the House Republican leadership has called for full investigations into this dehumanizing practice. 
the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HENSARLING ), the chairman of the Financial Services Committee. 
thank the gentleman for his leadership tonight especially, of all times. 
Americans that every human life is endowed with dignity and has value. As Americans, we have a shared responsibility to protect the innocent and defend the rights of those who are unable to defend themselves. But rather than protecting and defending this dignity, Planned Parenthood is seemingly attempting to cash in on it. 
Recently, shocking and appalling videos have come to light exposing senior employees at Planned Parenthood casually discussing both the harvesting and selling of organs of aborted children. These videos portray a chilling transactional approach to ending human life. 
history, science, reason, and, most importantly, my personal faith, I can come to no other conclusion but that every human life begins at conception and every human life is worthy of protection. 
What God has knit together, apparently Planned Parenthood wishes to crush. But that is not my word, Mr. Speaker; that is their word. You have heard it spoken on this House floor as Senior Director of Medical Services at Planned Parenthood said: 
lung, liver, because we know that, so I am not going to crush that part. 
such vile and cruel words on this House floor before, Mr. Speaker; and whether one considers themselves prolife or prochoice, I would hope that every American believes that harvesting and trafficking baby organs violates the sanctity to which every child created in the very image of God is entitled to. 
thanking our leadership of this Congress for calling on investigations of these horrific acts, and I call on the Obama administration to denounce them and find a way to stop these gruesome practices. 
hear somebody utter words on the House floor, ‘‘We must do something for the least of these.’’ Truly unborn life is the least of these. So let’s start 
many of us have seen it, a recently surfaced, horrifying video that provides evidence that Planned Parenthood employees participate in the harvesting of fetal body parts. 
disgust. Not only is Planned Parenthood profiting from abortions, but this video shows a top Planned Parenthood executive discussing how best to procure and sell specific organs from these defenseless, aborted babies’ bodies. 
these acts unconscionable and barbaric. We have a moral responsibility to ensure that these acts are fully investigated and that Planned Parenthood is held accountable for their actions. 
Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman FRED UPTON of the Energy and 
BOBGOODLATTE of the Judiciary Committee for taking immediate action and announcing their respective investigations into this horrific practice. 
taxpayers’ hardearned dollars are provided to organizations that actively allow such gruesome practices to occur. 
of Planned Parenthood’s socalled pregnancy services—94 percent. Prenatal care and adoptive referrals accounted for only 5 percent and half, or 0.5 percent, respectively. Yet taxpayer funding accounts for 41 percent of Planned Parenthood’s overall revenue. We must act now to prevent even a 
single dime from going to organizations such as Planned Parenthood that flaunt such blatant disregard for human life, and we need colleagues on both sides of the aisle to step up and join us in this effort. 
to one of the leaders on this issue, the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER). 
the gentleman, my friend, Congressman DUFFY , for leading this effort and 
my continued outrage at, now, two abhorrent videos that have been released in the last week in which two Planned Parenthood senior doctors describe the process by which they and their coworkers kill unborn children and harvest their organs for sale. 
not only by what I learned about Planned Parenthood’s standard practices, but by the cold, callous indifference in which its medical leadership detailed the barbaric murder of society’s most vulnerable children. 
In the United States, we provide protections for the least among us in numerous ways from medical research, to welfare programs, to healthcare assistance; yet here, we stand on the floor of the United States House of Representatives to discuss whether the sale of human body parts harvested from 
aborted children violates basic human dignity and perhaps even the law. 
strikes me today is not whether this practice is immoral or illegal—for surely no Member of Congress or of humanity can, in good conscience, claim that we support these heinous activities—instead, I am left considering what could we have done or perhaps what should we have done to protect women and innocent children from this outrageous practice. I am left to think what kind of Nation allows these heinous acts to continue. 
a country founded on the belief that each individual holds dignity and worth in the eyes of our creator. If Planned Parenthood is discovered to have been altering abortion procedures so as to sell human baby hearts, livers, lungs, brains, and other organs, then they have violated their own guidelines as well as Federal laws from partial birth abortion to the sale of human organs. It will be up to Congress to intervene on behalf of the thousands of unborn children. 
there is a prevailing attitude inside Planned Parenthood that is so disgusting, so horrifying, and so disturbing that it warrants a congressional investigation and action. 
chairman for opening up this investigation and for following our request into this unconscionable activity now. I want to thank the Members of the 
Missouri State legislature, my own home State of Missouri, who have committed to investigating Planned Parenthood in the State of Missouri, assuring Missourians that our laws prohibit these unthinkable acts, and hold Planned Parenthood accountable for any wrongdoing. 
Mr. Speaker, we have a duty as elected Representatives to the United States to stand up for the most vulnerable among us, to lend a voice to the voiceless, and stand up for injustice. I will continue to fight for the day when abortions and the atrocities associated with it are not only illegal, but unthinkable. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s powerful comments. She is right, we do need an investigation: Federal, State, FBI, and DOJ. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). 
has blood on its hands. Over the last week, we have seen multiple videos showing its employees brazenly discussing the harvesting of aborted babies’ tissues and organs, but the truth is Planned Parenthood’s culture of depravity runs much deeper than these couple of videos. 
Planned Parenthood, the supposed champion of safe abortions, sued to overturn our State’s informed consent and mandatory licensing laws, measures that were put in place to protect women’s health and safety. 
our State constitution allowing legislators to reinstate these protections, Planned Parenthood ran an illfated smear campaign attempting to confuse the facts and turn Tennesseans against the measure. 
empower women; it deceives them at their most difficult and vulnerable moments. It values convenience over truth and profit over life. As a nurse, I have seen the big abortion industry’s shameful tactics with my own eyes. That is why, for 2 years now, I have 
sponsored the Title X Abortion Provider Prohibition Act to address one of Planned Parenthood’s largest government revenue streams. I continue to urge passage of this legislation, but in light of these videos, we must take the fight a step further. 
For these reasons, I have just introduced the Defund Planned Parenthood Act of 2015, legislation that would enact an immediate moratorium on all Federal funding for Planned Parenthood while Congress carries out a full investigation. 
forthcoming investigation, but do you know what, Mr. Speaker, no matter what it reveals, here is the truth: Planned Parenthood has made a business out of destroying that which God 
abortions a year, all while receiving roughly $500 million in annual funding from the taxpayer dollar. 
Planned Parenthood’s evergrowing bank account and American taxpayers must be severed. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments and leadership. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), one of our House leadership 
colleague from Wisconsin for yielding time and leading this Special Order. 
bringing attention to allegations of serious misconduct by the country’s largest abortion provider, Planned Parenthood. 
There are no words to properly convey my grief and deep disgust at the cavalier way in which Dr. Deborah Nucatola details how she strategically crushes the tiny bodies of innocent, unborn children in order to harvest and sell their organs. 
Nucatola doesn’t say. While she arbitrarily assigns monetary values to the hearts, lungs, and livers of these children, she recognizes no value in the lives of those being aborted. 
letter from a nurse who has assisted with abortions and witnessed firsthand the horrific nature of what that procedure entails. She told me that most women have no idea that they are subjecting their unborn children to such ghastly methods. 
find it uncomfortable to talk about the issue of abortion, and I agree that it is difficult to consider and discuss these horrific practices, but the heinous nature of the methods used by Planned Parenthood is precisely why we, as a Nation and as a Congress, must confront it. 
look at the practices of Planned Parenthood, and I support fully the robust oversight and investigations being pursued by the House Judiciary and Energy and Commerce Committees. It is my hope that their investigations will shed muchneeded light on the organization’s gruesome methods and will lead to important reforms that end these practices and stop the flow of taxpayer resources that support them. 
human life more than elective abortion. One day, I hope that a culture of life will take hold in the United States and that all children will be protected under the law. However, until that day comes, it remains my solemn duty to stand up for life. Regardless of the length of this journey, I will continue to speak for those who cannot. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentlewoman from Washington (Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER ). Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER. Mr. 
It is with a very heavy heart that I 
take to the floor today to speak out against what really I think anybody who saw it or witnessed the video or read the transcripts felt, which is outrage. For those of you who were able to stomach watching these videos, you were left with many shocking questions about an organization that appears to callously commodify human baby body parts. 
Planned Parenthood official describing how to place medical forceps on a baby during an abortion in order to best harvest specific organs. She bartered over prices for these little human parts. She did it over a casual lunch. 
Planned Parenthood and its practices. They minimize this as an isolated innocent by one individual and sought to move on as quickly as possible; but then came, today, a second video, and we can only guess that there are more to come. 
The likelihood that these are two isolated incidents with two individuals that don’t represent Planned Parenthood’s values, but approach the business of selling body parts seemingly without feeling in the exact same way, I am not buying it. 
I believe this body has a duty to investigate, regardless of where you stand on prolife or prochoice. Given the history of Federal funding to Planned Parenthood, we have to ask these questions: Is Planned Parenthood profiting from the sale of human baby body parts? Are the clinics’ patients being asked if they are willing to donate? Do they know that the doctor who is performing their abortion could be profiting? Do they know whether or not this increases pain for their unborn baby during an abortion? Are these facilities abiding by State laws with regard to lateterm and partialbirth abortions? 
like they want babies in the later second and third trimesters because anybody who has been a mom or has followed this journey knows that that is when organ development really strengthens and grows. 
want the organ that is best going to function, whether it is for research or whatever. I think we need to find out what they are even using this for. I want to know who is buying these baby parts. That is the other piece that this body needs to investigate and find out. 
Planned Parenthood has always purported to provide a necessary service for women’s health; but I ask: Is this even safe? How long does this prolong a procedure? Is it really the motivation for their practices? Not if you follow the money—one of the doctors who was describing this, basically a harvesting doctor, joked she wants a Lamborghini. 
money does lead to answers, and this body is going to find out. Clearly, 
Planned Parenthood doctors are receiving and filling requests for hearts, lungs, lower extremities, and livers, a request that is unfortunately and apparently common. 
I have never taken to the floor of this 
House to express outrage over this issue, but today, I do, and it is time for answers. 
America, with these videos, feels that very same outrage. 
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentlewoman from Alabama (Mrs. ROBY). 
colleague and I thank all of our colleagues that are here to talk on this extraordinary issue that has stunned us all. 
video, Planned Parenthood responded by forcefully and categorically denying that the organization sells body parts of aborted babies for profit. The tone of Dr. Deborah Nucatola describing the way in which babies’ organs are harvested and sold was unfortunate, they said, but there is nothing to see here. 
Well, just this afternoon, as I was sitting on the plane to come back to Washington, I watched the second video that has been released, showing a different senior official at Planned Parenthood discussing the same thing. 
Planned Parenthood’s Federation of Medical Directors’ Council is shown negotiating prices for the tissue and even joking about her poor negotiation abilities, but that she wanted to settle on the prices soon because she wants a Lamborghini. 
Planned Parenthood officials believe the public spin on their PR teams— they felt like this was necessary to get what they wanted in order to make a profit. What we haven’t heard from Planned Parenthood is a response to perhaps the biggest revelation, that its providers alter abortion procedures in order to gain access, as my colleagues have already discussed in great detail. 
Dr. Mary Gatter’s comments that she made today is she discusses deliberately breaking the rules in order to obtain intact organs. She considers out loud on this video how to alter the abortion process to get intact baby organs. She said, We need a less crunchy option—this is sick to hear those words come from my mouth, that we need a less crunchy option when we are talking about a baby; this violates their rules—she says, as long as we do it in a way that doesn’t cause more pain. 
know that there is a competitive black market at play and are willing to engage in illegal activity to tap into it. This is sickening, and it will not go unaddressed. 
I will say it again—that I do not care 
throws around this town. They are not above the law. 
nothing to hide, then these officials will have no problem with a complete investigation. It is our responsibility to protect those who cannot defend themselves and to stop illegal activity when we see it. 
happening here, and I thank all of my colleagues for standing up for the unborn. 
point to make that there should be a set cost for these body parts. There should be costs of storing and transporting, but there should be no extra cost, and there should be no negotiation. 
Yet, if there is a black market and if 
markets are demanding certain prices because they are making a profit off of it, you are going to maybe have $30 for one and $100 for another based on the black market. 
Mr. WALKER. I thank Representative D UFFY for his leadership on this 
Mr. Speaker, tonight I join my colleagues in speaking out against the barbaric and heinous actions we all witnessed in an undercover video in which Planned Parenthood was caught selling the body parts of aborted children. 
In 2013, Planned Parenthood performed 327,653 abortions and received over a half billion dollars—$500 million—in taxpayer funding. 
Ironically, it was in 2013 that President Obama became the only sitting President to ever address this organization. May I remind you that it was at this address that the President made the decision to invoke God’s blessings on these hideous activities. 
The mask is now coming off an organization that barters the very parts of a baby in a manner that most Americans find appalling. 
have watched in awe at the ultrasound images of our children. We have seen their little hearts beat and have marveled at God’s creation in how fearfully and wonderfully they are made. 
out for these lives, the very least of these? That is why I have taken immediate action by joining in a letter with several of my colleagues, speaking out against Planned Parenthood’s evil and depraved actions, and fully support a congressional investigation into this organization. 
I am proud to be an original cosponsor of Congresswoman BLACK ’s bill, the 
Title X Abortion Provider Act. We must stop now these organizations from receiving a single taxpayer dollar through the Title X program. 
pass the House’s legislation that ensures no taxpayer dollars are used for 
abortions, H.R. 7, the No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion and Abortion Insurance Full Disclosure Act of 2015. 
to seek justice, to love mercy, and to speak out for those who cannot speak for themselves. 
the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ), one of the most powerful 
voices in the House, specifically on the life issue. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. I thank the gentleman. And I thank the gentleman for his leadership in organizing this hour. 
Mr. Speaker, we come to the floor tonight as mothers and grandmothers and dads and granddads, and we come with such heavy hearts and with such a burden for what we have found out, for what we have seen, and for what has been made public about Planned Parenthood. 
thought it was very interesting that the head of Planned Parenthood came out this week and said, ‘‘Oh, we think there are more videos to come.’’ 
been caught, and they know they are guilty, and they know what they have done; but no amount of trying to go out and push it to the side is going to push this to the side. 
House Energy and Commerce Committee, is taking up an investigation. We are already working on this. 
witnesses before us and to exercise the appropriate oversight that is there for us to do. 
taxpayer dollars. The problem is money is fungible. And when you see what has been carried out in these videos—in their own words what they describe—you know how destructive that process is. 
Parenthood conducts over 300,000 abortions a year. They are the Nation’s largest abortion provider. Their focus is no longer family planning or women’s health. It is abortion. 
through this sector of their business that is focused on abortion, they have now moved even further away, and they are into selling body parts—harvesting and selling body parts. 
eloquently to this, and I know, Mr. Speaker, people can hear the emotion in our voices and in our hearts, because this is a subject you don’t think about discussing on the House floor, but it is one that has been left for us to oversee. 
body parts. In their own words, they talk about setting the price, negotiating, dealing with the tissue brokers. These are the most abhorrent and inhumane statements and words and conduct. 
these individuals on those videotapes cannot be denied and the casual nature 
with which they discussed this, as if it is routine. It is an expected part of their business. That is why we are moving forward to investigate them. That is why we feel funding should be restricted. 
Over 65 percent of the American people, Mr. Speaker, are against the use of taxpayer funds for abortion, and it is time for us to deal with, to hold accountable, to restrict, and to put some barriers around what has been happening with Planned Parenthood. It is an investigation we will pursue until we know the truth and have every element of truth. 
When you talk about the casual nature, you talk about doing procedures that are less crunchy. What are we talking about, less crunchy? We are crunching human bones. That is what they are actually saying in that videotape. 
Mr. DUFFY. For crunching bones. Mrs. BLACKBURN. It is just their 
routine nature. This was not the first time they had done this. In listening to them, that is made very apparent. 
to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ), one of my good 
thank the gentleman from Wisconsin for holding this very important Special Order. 
are here today talking about this very important issue. 
It is not the first time that we have 
come together to talk about the importance of protecting life, the lives of those who are yet to be born. 
I can’t even begin to tell you how disgusted I am, how nauseous I am right now, that we are having this discussion about the sale of baby body parts and that Planned Parenthood so values the organs of the unborn and, yet, so devalues the life of the unborn. 
heavy heart in sharing these concerns with my fellow colleagues. We now know about the two videos that have been released, the first video showing the senior director of the medical services at Planned Parenthood, who was bragging in gruesome detail of how this group harvests and sells fetal organs. 
She described how they take particular care of the baby’s organs. If only this group were just as devout in showing so much care, time, and attention to the life of the baby. 
the health of the mother is purposefully put in jeopardy to yield pristine, viable organs. 
is all for a price, a price which is being negotiated. Regardless of whether you 
individual, you have to be absolutely appalled at this. 
believes that the life of the yet to be born should be protected, I can’t begin to understand how someone can recount these appalling details in such a nonchalant manner unless this has become routine. 
protect the rights of women. It is our job to protect the rights of the unborn. This horrific revelation warrants a response from Congress, and I am proud to be on the Energy and Commerce Committee to begin this investigation. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s comments, and I look forward to an aggressive investigation by the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Americans saw the horrific video in which a top Planned Parenthood doctor detailed the gruesome nature of abortion procedures. Dr. Deborah Nucatola’s casual conversation about crushing the body of an unborn child is nothing short of barbaric. What is worse is the negotiation of the price of the remains of the unborn child. 
today, Dr. Mary Gatter negotiates the price of fetal remains, discusses a ‘‘less crunchy’’ procedure to preserve body parts, and jokes about needing to purchase a Lamborghini from the profits of those organ sales. 
the sale of human organs is illegal and so is changing a procedure specifically for organ harvesting. 
abortion really is, ending the life of a child. If harvested organs are so valuable, how valuable is the child? Is the value of a child’s life not greater than the sum of his or her parts? How long will we, as a Nation, continue to allow such heinous, despicable acts? 
as an opportunity for all Americans to reflect on the precious nature of life and how we treat the unborn, who are truly the most vulnerable and innocent among us. 
I thank Speaker BOEHNER and the Judiciary and Energy and Commerce Committees for opening investigations to determine what, if any, Federal laws were broken as a result of these awful practices. 
The House must not provide any Federal funds to Planned Parenthood when they condone and profit from these actions. 
these practices, and I urge my colleagues in the House to support the elimination of Federal funding for Planned Parenthood. 
with the gentleman from Ohio in regard to taxpayer funding being used for abortion. I think so many Americans are outraged by Planned Parenthood and the abortions, but, now, specifically by these videos that have come to light. I thank the gentleman for his comments. 
Mr. LAMBORN. I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his continued leadership on this critical matter of life. 
and angered by yet another report showing what Planned Parenthood’s limitless disregard for the unborn child is. 
executives discuss the sale of aborted babies’ body parts while they casually dine is beyond revolting. This callous barbarism should have no place in civilized society. 
that some of these abhorrent transactions may have taken place in my home State of Colorado. 
that Colorado State University appears to have violated State law by purchasing aborted baby body parts from a California affiliate of Planned Parenthood. 
violate a law that was created by a bill that I introduced and that became law during my time in the Colorado State Senate, a bill prohibiting the purchase of fetal tissue from an abortion. 
and have demanded an explanation. Further, I have provided a copy of the letter to Colorado Attorney General Cynthia Coffman, and I have urged her office to launch a full investigation. 
the monetization of fetal organs further demonstrate the need to fully defund Planned Parenthood. 
to force taxpayers to subsidize this corrupt organization that disregards the dignity of human life while seeking to extract monetary gain from its destruction. 
my colleagues on Financial Services, one of our chairmen who has been doing fantastic work and a champion for life. 
thank my friend and colleague from Wisconsin for his leadership on this and so many others. 
Mr. Speaker, I just wish the American people could be here on this floor right now and feel the passion, the frustration—honestly, the anger. I especially want to address my female colleagues who have been here and have had the courage to come and take a stand. That isn’t always done. 
earlier as we were doing 1minutes seeing a colleague, watching a 1minute address from an apologist of Planned Parenthood calling these horrors 
trumped up—trumped up—disgusting, frankly. It is just amazing. This is one of the reasons why I voted, along with a number of my other colleagues, the vast majority of my colleagues on the Republican side, to defund Planned Parenthood. Fortyone percent of their total revenue is taxpayer dollars, $1.5 billion in 2011 to 2012. 
just talking about numbers on a spreadsheet. We are talking about unborn children, not lab specimens. We are talking about human lives. We must continue to fight for every unborn child here just because of their intrinsic worth, not because of a spreadsheet or some sort of price list that Planned Parenthood or any other organization has put together. 
We must continue that fight, and especially when there are so many other options, that adoption option that is out there. When you see the work being done by crisis pregnancy centers like in my area, the Lakeshore Pregnancy Center, or the righttolife organizations or any of those others that are out there in the trenches praying for, working for not just those children but, frankly, the parents that may be making a bad decision. 
We must continue to fight for the unborn here in Congress. I know I pledge to do that; I know so many of my other colleagues do, too. We must promote that culture of life and strong families in west Michigan, in this Nation, and around the world. 
colleagues for calling attention to this horrific, horrific act that has been going on. 
Mr. DUFFY. I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. This debate has been going on for some time. Not long ago there was a debate between Rick Santorum and now Senator BOXER , and 
talking about life beginning when you take your baby home from the hospital. I mean, some of the viewpoints on the other side are absolutely outrageous. It just shows there is a lot of work to do. 
I yield to the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. HARTZLER ) to talk about 
Mrs. HARTZLER. I thank my colleague from Wisconsin for his leadership and hosting this Special Order tonight. 
this extremely important conversation concerning the unborn. While this topic is very difficult to discuss, it is something we must talk about and recognize in order to stop the unspeakable horrors currently taking place. 
Last week and this morning, new videos were released detailing how Planned Parenthood harvests and sells the body parts of aborted children. For decades, Planned Parenthood employees have tried to diminish the humanity of the unborn by belittling them to blobs of tissue. However, this video is 
knows that these are not simply blobs of tissue, but actual human beings that have tiny lungs, livers, and beating hearts. 
straight. In the video the Planned Parenthood doctor callously describes altering abortion procedures by crushing a baby’s body in order to preserve certain organs for harvesting. She says: I am going to basically crush below; I am going to crush above. 
about. We cannot stand by while aborted baby parts are being sold for profit. This morning’s video shows another Planned Parenthood doctor shamelessly haggling over the price of aborted baby body parts. She discusses how the price could change based on the volume and developmental stage of the aborted babies. 
Federal and State investigations underway, I believe more needs to be done. Planned Parenthood has received over $200 million in Federal funds since 2012. It is clear that Planned Parenthood places profit—not women’s health and safety—ahead of all else, and they must be stopped. 
Federal funds to Planned Parenthood. Federal dollars cannot continue to flow to any entity that has such a blatant and heartless disregard for human life. 
Mr. Speaker, before I begin my prepared remarks, I want to say something to my mom, Jeanne Weber, in Pearland, Texas. 
Thanks for cradling even the very thought of me in your heart and mind before I was conceived; and, Mom, thanks for cradling me in your womb and then later in your bosom and then in your lap, and all my young years. I love you, Mom. Thank you. 
deeply disturbed I am by these videos that have been unearthed showing employees of Planned Parenthood selling body parts of aborted babies. 
against any organization that will not protect the unborn. As a member of the Texas statehouse, I voted alongside other Texas House conservatives to defund the Planned Parenthood in Texas to ensure that taxpayer money would not be used on these ghastly abortion procedures. 
Speaker, I have fought alongside my colleagues to protect the unborn and the sanctity of life. On May 13, the House voted in strong support of my good friend Representative TRENT  
36, the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act, a crucial piece of prolife 
legislation that bans the murder of babies who are at least 5 months old in the womb and can, indeed, feel the excruciating pain of dismemberment and a ghastly death that Planned Parenthood would perpetrate on them. 
Gosnell, and now we see the real disturbing practices of Planned Parenthood and their black market sale of body parts of aborted babies. 
organizations put a price on tissues, limbs, and livers, and then not acknowledge that there is life at the time of conception? No price can be placed upon the worth of seeing a child born and take its first breath. 
standing alongside Mom and being pro life. I love you both. 
Mr. DUFFY. The gentleman’s remarks were well said. Aren’t we all grateful that our parents were prolife? It gives us a chance to be on this floor and express our views. 
the chair of our Conference but, more importantly, a mother. 
Speaker, I want to join in expressing appreciation to Congressman DUFFY , 
the gentleman from Wisconsin, for bringing us all together tonight on this very important issue and what has recently been uncovered through the videos featuring senior level Planned Parenthood officials admitting to unethical, potentially illegal procedures. 
us. It is unthinkable not just because of their cold, nonchalant attitude toward ‘‘crunchy procedures,’’ but because these videos highlight that we have allowed the debate on women’s health to get horribly skewed. Anyone watching these videos can say the American people must have answers. 
agenda. It is an agenda that is driven by monetary gain, not the best interests of women. Abortion providers should not get to hide behind the foil of health care to get away with unspeakable acts. 
The practices described in these videos are despicable, and Planned Parenthood must be held accountable. If a hospital were even allegedly involved in any kind of illegal activity, we wouldn’t hesitate for a second to haul them before a committee. Abortion providers should be no different. 
protecting women and families should be invested in getting to the bottom of these statements made by Planned Parenthood. I applaud our committees for launching inquiries into Planned Parenthood practices and procedures. The American people must have answers. 
I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. I 
thank the gentleman and appreciate his leadership in this Special Order. 
with my colleagues here tonight in mutual condemnation of Planned Parenthood and their horrific practices. Like so many others, I likewise have just been horrified, deeply disturbed by the flippant comments made by an executive at Planned Parenthood. 
organization performs over 300,000 abortions every year, but it is another whole matter to come to the realization that they are also engaged in trafficking human baby parts. It is absolutely unconscionable. 
needs to be protected. I commend my colleagues for stepping up and calling for a congressional investigation against Planned Parenthood. I also say a huge thank you to Governor Deal from my own State for, likewise, calling for an investigation of Georgia to see that infant organs are not for sale in that State. 
time that Planned Parenthood be held accountable for these despicable acts. 
I again just say thank you, and I am 
honored to stand with my colleagues here this evening as we stand for life; and at the same time that we try to prevent these abysmal practices from marring our collective consciences, I plan to continue to champion life. It is just abhorrent that there would be any organization trying to make a profit, an industry for profit out of the sale and trafficking of baby human parts. 
outrage over the recent disclosures of Planned Parenthood’s deliberate efforts to harvest tissue from aborted babies. The practices described by Planned Parenthood officials on these videos are simply despicable, unspeakable, and barbaric. The lighthearted tone of Dr. Deborah Nucatola, the Senior Director of Medical Services for Planned Parenthood, as she talked about how much fetal tissue parts were worth while eating salad and drinking wine only adds words of insult to this atrocity. 
Mary Gatter, another highranking Planned Parenthood official, again discussing fetal tissue payments. Gatter describes using a less crunchy technique to yield as much and many body parts as possible for more money to buy herself a Lamborghini. This is inhumane. As a health provider myself, I condemn it in the strongest terms. I hope the relevant medical licensing boards in their States disqualify her and Dr. Nucatola from ever practicing medicine again. 
It is a national disgrace that taxpayer dollars account for 41 percent of Planned Parenthood’s revenue and that 
has received $1.2 billion in funding from Medicaid. All of this for an organization that performs more than 300,000 abortions a year. American families should not be forced to pay the operating costs and salaries for abortion businesses, much less one that engages in fetal tissue trafficking. 
As an original cosponsor of Representative BLACK ’s Defund Planned 
Parenthood Act, we are working to prohibit Federal funds from going to Planned Parenthood or any entity that performs abortions. I call upon the House and the Senate leaders to allow for its immediate consideration and attach it to any mustpass bill. 
from Wisconsin and all of my colleagues who are here tonight to speak on this important issue—and the millions of Americans who are leading this effort in all 50 States. May God bless all of you. 
rise today to insist Congress stop the immoral and monstrous action being taken by Planned Parenthood in any way possible, and that includes making sure no more Federal dollars go to this organization. 
video from yet another Planned Parenthood senior official who was recorded haggling over the price of body parts from murdered children and bumping up the price while joking she needed a new Lamborghini. It is disgusting. 
showed Planned Parenthood’s practice of aborting babies and selling their organs. This behavior violates every moral and ethical code that I can think of. 
a senior official enjoy lunch while discussing how easy it is to kill a child by crushing their heads in order to harvest the fetal organs. 
that embraces life. If you are pregnant and seeking family planning services from Planned Parenthood, you are 42 times more likely to receive an abortion than prenatal care or an adoption referral. 
about feeding an abortion mill. To me, it is unbelievable that taxpayer dollars continue to support this evil organization. Planned Parenthood’s entire business model is centered around providing abortions, not giving quality medical care to women who need it. 
List, Planned Parenthood Clinic Director Abby Johnson has written that she was given an ‘‘abortion quota’’ and was even told by her superiors to double the number of abortions to bring in more revenue. It is not just abortions that are offensive about this organization. Planned Parenthood has also fought against mandatory reporting when they discover children are being sexually abused. Employees have acknowledged aiding and abetting human sex trafficking of young girls under the age of 14. 
It is time we give those who need it 
better access to real women’s health care. We must defund Planned Parenthood now and use that funding to assist women who need real health care. 
about this too long. It is time to stop supporting a group who callously murders innocent and helpless children and sells their organs and calls it reproductive health care. 
this hour, we have had a chance to hear from so many members of the House Conference who have spoken out on behalf of the unborn, those little babies that don’t have a voice to speak for themselves, and I know in the next half hour we are going to have Mr. FRANKS  
from Arizona continue this conversation with so many more of our members who want to be heard on this important topic. 
Democrats talk so often about what big hearts they have. They talk about how compassionate they are for their brothers and sisters and their neighborhoods. The bottom line is, when you watch these videos and you see the harvesting of organs, the pain of little babies, I call on my friends across the aisle to show that compassion for the unborn and those voiceless little ones who need a voice to stand up for them and defend them at this very important time. 
Mr. Speaker, where powerful people determined that there was a class that was less than human, and it is a black spot on our history. 
that has advocated that there is a class in this country that is less than human. Yes, they may not have a voice, but that does not make them less than human. And I am so proud of our team for standing up today to make sure that we fight for those people because they are not less than human. They deserve the right to life, and they deserve to have a defense. 
RATCLIFFE ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Arizona? 
There was no objection. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I would first count it a privilege to yield to the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). 
an issue that has weighed very heavy on my heart; in fact, it has kept me awake at night for many nights. 
showing senior Planned Parenthood executives and doctors callously discussing abortion procedures and the costs of that fetal tissue from aborted babies. 
these people at Planned Parenthood. They claim to act in the best interest of women, but instead they talk about compensation for tiny organs from aborted babies. 
here? How did this great country that was founded on Biblical principles get to a place where we have federally funded organizations like Planned Parenthood who claim to care for women and provide health care for them instead deceive people and use those dollars to end lives—end lives of our future women that could potentially lead this country—and then turn around and sell their body parts to put even more dollars in their pocket? 
quote that says: ‘‘The only thing that is necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.’’ 
men and women come to this House floor and say that we will not ‘‘do nothing.’’ We have pushed on this issue before, but we are going to push even harder. We are going to talk even more. We are going to talk to people and have uncomfortable conversations about what is going on at Planned Parenthood. 
the Federal dollars that flow into their bank accounts. We are going to fight until we make sure that our babies and our children are protected, whether they are born or unborn, and that every life is sacred; that we honor those Biblical principles that this country was founded on. 
has been doing disgusting, but it raises questions about potential illegal behavior. Profiting from fetal tissue donation is illegal under Federal law, and so is altering procedures based on fetal tissue donation. 
So I have joined many of my colleagues here in the House, and we have asked our leadership team for an immediate investigation into Planned Parenthood and all of their practices. They need to be punished for what they have been doing. 
All lives matter, including the unborn. We need to do all we can to protect the most vulnerable among us. 
place, and it is dangerous because of the evil that is going on, but I believe it is much more dangerous when you have people who look on and do absolutely nothing to protect those among us. 
needs to stop; and as long as Federal dollars flow to this organization, we all need to feel responsible and do all that we can to end it. 
it is, no one should have been surprised by the recent revelations that Planned Parenthood is harvesting and selling the body parts of little babies. They have so repeatedly proven themselves blind to the dignity of humanity. They have always been at the forefront of the greatest human genocide in human history, and Planned Parenthood is the number one advocate of killing more than 3,000 little unborn American babies every day. These recent revelations are just one more heartbreaking reminder that the Nation’s largest abortion provider has always had a legendary disregard for the sanctity of innocent human life. 
It beggars incredulity that this Congress continues to give hundreds of millions of dollars of taxpayer money— against the taxpayers’ wishes, Mr. Speaker—to a heartless organization like Planned Parenthood that goes to such grotesque lengths to promote the killing of innocent unborn babies through abortion on demand at any time throughout the 9 months of pregnancy for any reason or for no reason. 
Capable Unborn Child Protection Act that would, except in rare circumstances, protect both mothers and their little paincapable unborn babies entering their sixth month, Mr. Speaker, of gestation from the unspeakable cruelty of Planned Parenthood and evil monsters like Kermit Gosnell. 
Protection Act had already been law, it would have saved the lives of thousands of lateterm, paincapable babies every year, and it would have made it much harder for Planned Parenthood to harvest and sell the organs and body parts of unborn children since they simply would not have had as many of the more mature organs and body parts of the older babies to choose from. 
whatsoever that Planned Parenthood brazenly and repeatedly violated the law in the selling of these little body parts. It is an unspeakable disgrace that the Obama Justice Department will likely never launch a criminal investigation to look into these unconscionable acts, but if this Congress and the American people now also look the other way and ignore this kind of insidious evil, we do so at our moral peril. If the conscience of this Nation is to 
survive, it is now vital for the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act to become law. The House has already passed this critically important and timely legislation. It is now time for the Senate to do the same. We must not let the continuous and repeated manifestations of this unspeakable evil of killing lateterm, paincapable babies and selling their body parts go unanswered. 
on demand have tried for decades to deny that unborn babies ever feel pain—even those, they say, at the beginning of the sixth month of pregnancy—as if somehow the ability to feel pain magically develops the very second the child is born. 
Mr. Speaker, almost every other civilized nation on this Earth protects paincapable babies at this stage and at this age, and every credible poll of the American people shows that they are overwhelmingly in favor of protecting these children. Yet we have given these little babies less legal protection from unnecessary pain and cruelty than the protection we have given farm animals under the Federal Humane Slaughter Act. It is a tragedy that beggars expression. 
merciless killing of these little ones as freedom of choice, especially the ones who profit from it, Mr. Speaker, will be very shrill and loud. But when we hear those voices, we should all remember the words of President Abraham Lincoln, when he said: ‘‘Those who deny freedom to others deserve not for themselves; and, under a just God, can not long retain it.’’ 
those who founded and built this Nation and dreamed of what America could someday be, and for the sake of all those who since then have died in darkness so Americans can walk in the light of freedom, it is so very important that those of us who are privileged to be Members of this Congress pause from time to time and remind ourselves of why we are really all here. 
truths to be selfevident? Mr. Lincoln called upon all of us, Mr. Speaker, to remember that magnificent Declaration of Independence by America’s Founding Fathers and ‘‘their enlightened belief that nothing stamped with the Divine image and likeness was sent into the world to be trodden on, and degraded, and imbruted by its fellows.’’ 
He reminded those he called posterity—that is us, Mr. Speaker—that when in some distant future some man, some factions, some interest, should set up the doctrine that some were not entitled to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, that ‘‘their posterity’’— that is us, Mr. Speaker, ‘‘might look up again to the Declaration of Independence and take courage to renew the battle which their fathers began.’’ b2045 
and not its destruction is the chief and only object of good government. 
all Americans and their constitutional rights, especially those who cannot protect themselves, is why we are really all here. 
Barack Obama speak very noble and poignant words that, whether he realizes it or not, apply so profoundly to this subject. Let me quote excerpted portions of his comments. 
He said: ‘‘This is our first task, caring for our children. It is our first job. If we don’t get that right, we don’t get anything right. That is how, as a society, we will be judged.’’ 
really prepared to say that we are powerless in the face of such carnage, that the politics are too hard? Are we prepared to say that such violence, visited on our children year after year after year, is somehow the price of freedom?’’ 
The President also said, ‘‘Our journey is not complete until all our children are cared for and cherished and always safe from harm. That is our generation’s task,’’ he said, ‘‘to make these words, these rights, these values of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness real for every American.’’ 
agreed with any words ever spoken by President Barack Obama as those I have just quoted. 
How I wish Mr. Obama and the rest of 
us could somehow open our hearts and our ears to his incontrovertible words and ask ourselves, in the core of our souls, why these words that should apply to all children cannot include the most helpless and vulnerable of all children. Are there any children more vulnerable than little paincapable babies before they are even born? 
we are never quite so eloquent as when we decry the crimes of past generations; but, oh, how we often become so staggeringly blind when it comes to facing and rejecting the worst of atrocities in our own time. 
and the home of brave, we now live in a day when monsters like Kermit Gosnell snip the spinal cords of born babies and Planned Parenthood that, for financial gain, uses partialbirth abortions to deliberately harvest intact body parts of innocent babies whom they have deprived of the chance to even be born. 
these little children, the least of these, our little brothers and sisters, is real. The President knows that, and all of us here know that in our hearts. 
Medical science, regarding the development of unborn babies, beginning at the sixth month of pregnancy, now demonstrates irrefutably that they do, in fact, experience pain. Many of them cry and scream as they are killed, but because it is amniotic fluid going over the vocal cords instead of air, we can’t hear them. 
It is the greatest human rights atrocity in the United States today, and for us to now stand by and allow it all to continue unabated while Planned Parenthood sells the body parts of these little murdered children is to desecrate everything that America was meant to be and for those noble Americans who died to make it come to be. 
Abraham Lincoln gave his contemporaries such wise counsel, Mr. Speaker, and it so desperately applies to all of us in this moment. 
We of this Congress and this administration will be remembered in spite of ourselves. No personal significance, or insignificance, can spare one or another of us. The fiery trial through which we pass will light us down, in honor or dishonor, to the last generation. 
that will be considered in the annals of history and, I believe, in the councils of eternity itself. This bloody shadow has loomed over America for too long. 
It is time for the Senate to pass the 
PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act because, in spite of all the political noise, protecting little paincapable unborn children and their mothers is not a Republican issue; it is not a Democrat issue; it is a test of our basic humanity and who we are as a human family. 
It is time to open our eyes and allow 
our consciences to catch up with our technology. It is time for Members of the United States Congress to open our eyes and our souls and remember that protecting those who cannot protect themselves is why we are really all here. 
Speaker, to open our eyes and our hearts to the humanity of these little unborn children of God and the inhumanity of what Planned Parenthood is doing to them. 
my colleague from Arizona (Mr. FRANKS ) for yielding me time, but also 
your longtime steadfast, earnest, and passionate leadership on this issue. It is much needed, especially in light of what we have seen this past week. 
that are used talking about the unborn humans, the unborn babies. We hear terms like cell masses, cell clumps, specimens, calvaria when referring to a baby’s head. A calvarium, is this even a term anybody in real life uses, especially when applied to an unborn baby’s head? Is this a word that would apply to what ISIS does in beheading humans around the world? 
Why would we apply this to the unborn? These euphemisms disappear when there is a value assigned to the parts that can be harvested from the unborn. We hear descriptions of the techniques in this harvesting actually on the video that we have been hearing about and seeing, less crunchy techniques. The callousness of a terminology like that, less crunchy techniques, in order to preserve more parts for harvest. 
here? No; yet that is how callous this is. We talk about the price of parts in these videos. They have a value in this market they are talking about. Are we talking about cuts at a butchers’ convention in pricing these parts? This is what it is like. 
how callous, how base these terms are when we are talking about the unborn. We hear about how, for this process to happen, that consent is required. Well, who is being consented on this? The unborn donor, do they have a say in this? Obviously not. 
this issue is now right out in front of everyone in bright, vivid, bold, blood red colors for all to see what the attitude is, what the modus operandi for Planned Parenthood is and has been and will continue to be unless this body does something about it. 
We are right to call for investigations to get to the bottom if there is criminal activity here of what we have seen and is alleged with these videos. We are right to move forward with Mrs. BLACK ’s bill, should these come true. 
Even beyond that, for years, the millions of dollars that have been given to this organization, Planned Parenthood, to do what they do, it is time to defund them. 
It also is time to move on my colleague from Arizona Mr. FRANKS ’ carefully crafted and obviously correct bill on the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act because what kind of a country are we, what kind of a society are we to continue to allow these things to happen and not take action? 
I call on the Senate to take that bill 
up and pass it and put it on the President’s desk, and he can explain to the American public his position on this issue. 
As we review, again, the grisly tactics of Planned Parenthood and others that would do as they do and the recent criminal prosecution of Kermit Gosnell—who isn’t that much different than what we are talking about right here—if we don’t take action, then we should be ashamed because, for all of us, the Lord is watching what we do. 
I thank my colleague. Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), a grandfather, a father, and a lover of children. 
Mr. WALBERG. I thank the gentleman for the opportunity tonight to talk to this issue. 
I, too, stand in full support of passage of the PainCapable Unborn Child Protection Act and ask the Senate to reach down deep into their consciences, their hearts, their emotions. 
the floor of this august body, the House of Representatives, but that is where it ought to flow because, indeed, we here, both in the House—the people’s House—and the Senate, were sent to represent people, people of a great nation, people of a blessed nation, a nation that has honored the worth, the purpose, and the value of life itself since its inception. 
ideals; great value; great courage; and, indeed, formed with their blood given for the rights and freedoms of all individuals. For us to concern ourselves with protecting the most innocent among us, even those that are among us in the womb, I think of my new granddaughter in the womb right now, in my daughter’s body, waiting for, in just a month and a half, the opportunity to breathe air itself and become a functioning human being cared for, growing and ultimately becoming all that God intended for her. I would say the same for any human being, born or unborn, that we must protect. 
gentleman from Arizona for his courage to push for this, with unwillingness to bend and bow under those that would say: Oh, get over it; stop defending something that is indefensible. 
founded on principles, principles that were firm and correct. The Founders and Framers long understood the power of truths versus human wisdom, truths and wisdom that said: 
that all men are created equal and endowed by their Creator, by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among them the right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.’’ 
videos in recent days, has evidenced that, when you step out of that moral principle, you go into things unthinkable and grotesque. 
exalts a Nation, but sin is a reproach to any land. How could we not feel reproached in looking at videos of a licensed doctor who is willing to take and sell body parts and to countenance pain as something that is just part of the process and to be totally unconsidered? 
my early adult life in the pulpit, ministering to people from an authority far greater than this government or even this Constitution, the greatest document on the face of this Earth, manmade. 
But the psalmists said, ‘‘Behold, children are a gift of the Lord. The fruit of the womb is a reward.’’ That is true. Certain commentators will denigrate me for bringing up these truths, and so be it. But they are truths. 
God, said, ‘‘Before I formed you in the womb, I knew you. Before you were born, I set you apart.’’ 
King David, said, ‘‘For you formed my inward parts; You wove me in my mother’s womb.’’ 
Does that sound like what that doctor was doing in the womb, weaving, carefully forming? No. She was destroying. We must fight back against that evil. 
thanks to You, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Wonderful are Your works, and my soul knows it very well. My frame was not hidden from You when I was made in secret and skillfully wrought in the depths of the Earth. Your eyes have seen my unformed substance. And in Your book were all written the days that were ordained for me when, as yet, there was not one of them.’’ 
I thank him for his courage and standing for life itself and acknowledging the fact that the Creator has formed something of greatness. 
but do everything possible to reject the pain, to reject the defeat, to reject the conquering of the human spirit beginning right in the womb. 
repent, to seek his healing, to do right, and to spare the innocent among us. 
And I suppose I take great heart from what I have heard here tonight because it seems to mirror history itself. 
the victims in tragedies and recognized them as fellow human beings, their hearts and minds began to change. 
change are beginning to blow here. I feel like people are starting to ask the real questions. 
abortion, it seems like all of the rules change. Sometimes you wonder if the furniture is going to start floating in the room when you hear some of the arguments. 
But the real question is: Does abortion take the life of an innocent child? If it doesn’t, Mr. Speaker, I am willing to stop talking about it. 
But if it really does take the life of a 
child, then those of us in this Chamber standing in the seat of freedom of the greatest Nation in the history of the 
world also stand in the midst of the greatest human genocide in the history of the world. 
Mr. Speaker, I feel like America is finally beginning to see through some of the facade of the abortion industry and Planned Parenthood’s obfuscation. 
that sometimes we have seen such horrors lately—the Kermit Gosnell clinic that snipped little babies’ spines, the killing of children that are lateterm, paincapable—that recognition is beginning to seep through the conscience of America. 
that said vice is an evil which is so frightening and mean that to be hated means only to be seen, but seen too often with its familiar face, first we endure and then we pity and then we embrace. 
One of the great weaknesses of mankind is that sometimes, when we see evil often enough, we become desensitized to it. Planned Parenthood and the abortion industry has shown us so much evil in recent decades that I wonder if we are becoming a little calloused to it. 
ask yourself: Are we really killing more than 3,000 unborn children every day? Are we really staining the very foundations of this Nation with the blood of our own children? Is that really happening in America? 
that it is past the time for great introspection on the part of this country because we are either the last best hope of the Earth or we will simply be another empire that lost its way. 
they led the way to stop slavery, will someday recognize the humanity of these little babies and see all of humanity then begin to understand that protecting them is really part of who we all are. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. C LAWSON of Florida (at the request of Mr. M CCARTHY ) for today on 
to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 971. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an increase in the limit on the length of an agreement under the Medicare independence at home medical practice demonstration program. S. 984. An act to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide Medicare beneficiary access to eye tracking accessories for speech generating devices and to remove the rental cap for durable medical equipment under the Medicare Program with respect to speech generating devices. 
Mr. FRANKS of Arizona. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 7 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Wednesday, July 22, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morning hour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
2245. A letter from the Chair, Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, transmitting the Board’s semiannual Monetary Policy Report to the Congress, pursuant to Pub. L. 106569; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Chief, Wireline Competition Bureau, Federal Communications Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Numbering Policies for Modern Communications; IPEnabled Services; Telephone Number Requirements for IPEnabled Services Providers; Telephone Number Portability; Developing a Unified Intercarrier Compensation Regime; 
Department of Housing and Urban Development, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Auditor, Office of the District of Columbia Auditor, transmitting a report ‘‘The District’s School Modernization Program Has Failed to Comply with D.C. Code and Lacks Accountability, Transparency and Basic Financial Management’’, pursuant to D.C. Code Section 382973.05 and an additional report, ‘‘Audits of Public School Construction Programs: A Literature Review’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. CONAWAY: Committee on Agriculture. Supplemental report on H.R. 1599. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–208, Pt. 2). 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 1289. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to acquire approximately 44 acres of land in Martinez, California, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–213). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. GOODLATTE: Committee on the Judiciary. H.R. 427. A bill to amend chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, to provide that major rules of the executive branch shall have no force or effect unless a joint resolution of approval is enacted into law; with an amendment (Rept. 114–214, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. CARTER of Texas: Committee on Appropriations. H.R. 3128. A bill making appropriations for the Department of Homeland Security for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–215). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Resolution 369. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1599) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to food produced from, containing, or consisting of a bioengineered organism, the labeling of natural foods, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 1734) to amend subtitle D of the Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment (Rept. 114–216). Referred to the House Calendar. 
Committees on Rules and the Budget discharged from further consideration. H.R. 427 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Health Service Act to increase the number of permanent faculty in palliative care at accredited allopathic and osteopathic medical 
schools, nursing schools, social work schools, and other programs, including physician assistant education programs, to promote education and research in palliative care and hospice, and to support the development of faculty careers in academic palliative medicine; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. MILLER of Michigan (for herself and Mr. WALBERG ): 
H.R. 3120. A bill to amend the Food Security Act of 1985 to require the Secretary of Agriculture to establish a Great Lakes basin initiative for agricultural nonpoint source pollution prevention; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
management, resource conservation, environmental protection, and use of Federal real property, by requiring the Secretary of the Interior to develop a multipurpose cadastre of Federal real property and identifying inaccurate, duplicate, and outofdate Federal land inventories, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3122. A bill to amend title 38, United 
States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into a contract with a nongovernment entity for the conduct of biannual audits of Department of Veterans Affairs health care functions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. FARENTHOLD , and Mr. C ARTERof Georgia): 
H.R. 3123. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to prohibit aliens in an unlawful immigration status from claiming the earned income tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
expungement of records of certain marijuanarelated offenses; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
HONDA , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, and Mr. 
H.R. 3125. A bill to require the Director of 
the Federal Bureau of Investigation to report to the Congress semiannually on the number of firearms transfers resulting from the failure to complete a background check within 3 business days, and the procedures followed after it is discovered that a firearm transfer has been made to a transferee who is ineligible to receive a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3126. A bill to prohibit the Commissioner of Social Security from furnishing the name of any individual in a report to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System unless a Federal court has determined the individual to be mentally defective; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
SCALISE , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. G RAVES of 
H.R. 3127. A bill to provide for the conveyance of certain National Forest System land within Kisatchie National Forest in the State of Louisiana; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
POMPEO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. M ULLIN , 
Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. 
JONES , Mr. K LINE, and Mr. L ATTA ): 
H.R. 3129. A bill to direct the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to change the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule with respect to certain farms; to the Committee on 
stalking from gun violence; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 3131. A bill to require the Bureau of 
Consumer Financial Protection, when issuing a research paper, to include all studies, data, and other analyses on which the paper was based; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Mr. T AKAI, Ms. M ENG, Ms. A DAMS , 
H.R. 3132. A bill to increase the amount of 
funding available for fiscal year 2015 for certain general business loans authorized under the Small Business Act; to the Committee on Small Business. 
landrelated takings claims of the Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians of Michigan and its individual members; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
of New Jersey, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. F RANKS of 
Carolina, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. O LSON , 
Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
HARRIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. M CKINLEY , 
Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, Mr. R OTHFUS , 
HILL, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. M ILLER of 
Florida, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. W ENSTRUP , 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
MICA, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
Georgia, Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. C ONAWAY , 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. 
GIBBS, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. K LINE, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. B RAT, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. B LUM, Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. 
LIPINSKI , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. K ELLY of 
GOODLATTE , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OGERS of 
Alabama, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. S AM 
ROBY, Mr. D UFFY , and Mr. F LORES ): 
H.R. 3134. A bill to provide for a moratorium on Federal funding to Planned Parenthood Federation of America, Inc; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 3135. A bill to amend section 413 of the 
Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 with respect to energy efficiency standards for manufactured housing; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3136. A bill to require the Secretary of 
Agriculture to issue guidelines relating to civil fines imposed for violations of the Animal Welfare Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. 
By Mr. COLE (for himself, Ms. MCCOLLUM, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. 
SESSIONS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ENRAY 
Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, 
Mexico, Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T AKAI, Mr. B ENISHEK , 
Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. 
H.R. 3137. A bill to reaffirm the trust status of land taken into trust by the United States pursuant to the Act of June 18, 1934, for the benefit of an Indian tribe that was federally recognized on the date that the land was taken into trust, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 3138. A bill to recognize the right of 
members of the Armed Forces assigned to duty at Armed Forces recruitment offices to carry a personal or serviceissue firearm at the office; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
PERRY , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. 
JOYCE , Mr. R OUZER , Ms. J ENKINS of 
Kansas, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. Z INKE, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. H ILL, Mrs. M ILLER of 
WALORSKI , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. J ONES , 
Mr. H UELSKAMP , Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. H UDSON, Mr. H ECK of Nevada, and Mr. 
Armed Forces recruitment centers; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
H.R. 3140. A bill to require Federal oil and 
gas leases to report and pay royalties on oil and gas production based on the actual volume of oil and gas withdrawn under a lease, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. S PEIER , Ms. L EE, 
H.R. 3141. A bill to support the provision of 
safe relationship behavior education and training; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 3142. A bill to improve passenger vessel security and safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 3143. A bill to provide for a smart 
water resource management pilot program; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
with the Aviation Security Advisory Committee regarding modifications to the prohibited item list, require a report on the Transportation Security Oversight Board, 
and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 3145. A bill to amend the Fair Housing 
Act to clarify congressional intent that the prohibitions of that Act do not extend to conduct that results in a disparate impact on a protected class unless the person engaging in that conduct intends that impact; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
civilian personnel on military bases by repealing bans on military personnel carrying firearms, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 3147. A bill to amend the House of 
Representatives Administrative Reform Technical Corrections Act to require that certain types of services be provided at no cost to constituents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. 
WALDEN , Mr. L ONG, Mrs. E LLMERS of 
JSA attribution rule in case of existing agreements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
COSTA , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
support for designation of a ‘‘National Lao Hmong Recognition Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
the Senate of the State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 7, urging the Congress and the President of the United States to renew funding for the Health Resources and Services Administration’s Teaching Health Center and Primary Care Residency Expansion Graduate Medical Education Programs, and to lift the freeze on residency positions funded by Medicare to expand physician supply and improve access to health care; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
98. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 1, requesting the President and the Congress of the United States to pass legislation repealing the Government Pension Offset and the Windfall Elimination Provision from the Social Security Act; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
99. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the 
State of California, relative to Senate Joint Resolution No. 5, urging Congress and the President of the United States to expand the Humanitarian Resettlement Program to allow disabled veteran officers of the South Vietnamese Army currently living in the Socialist Republic of Vietnam to enter the United States; jointly to the Committees on Foreign Affairs and the Judiciary. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 3119. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3120. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3121. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Clause 3 
H.R. 3124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clauses 3 and 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3126. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I clause 8, section 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 3128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States . . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. CRAWFORD: 
H.R. 3129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the enumerated powers listed in Article I, Section 8, which include the power to ‘‘regulate commerce . . . among the several States . . .’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. 
H.R. 3131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3132. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power *** To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3133. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 which allows Congress to regulate trade amongst the Indian Tribes. This bill is enacted pursuant to treaties lawfully entered into and ratified pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article II, Section 2, Clause 2. This bill is enacted pursuant to Article III Section 2 which grants Congress power to regulate jurisdiction in courts inferior to the United States Supreme Court. 
H.R. 3134. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
granted to Congress under Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 and Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 3135. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; 
H.R. 3136. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3137. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Section 8 which grants Congress the power to regulate Commerce with the Indian Tribes. 
Section 2, Clause 2 in order the enforce treaties made between the United States and several Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 3138. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 12 of the United 
States Constitution which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘To raise and support Armies, but no Appropriation of Money to that Use shall be for a longer Term than two Years.’’ 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 13 of the United 
States Constitution which states that Congress shall have the power ‘‘To provide and 
States Constitution which states that ‘‘A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.’’ 
H.R. 3139. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United Sates, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Hit. 3140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 3 of section of article I of the Constitution 
H.R. 3141. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3142. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 
H.R. 3143. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the United States grants Congress the authority to enact this bill. 
H.R. 3144. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 14 states Congress shall have the power to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3146. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
H.R. 3147. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 3148. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.J. Res. 60. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
To make all Lawes which shall be necessary and proper ffor carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other 
Government of the United States, or in any Deparment or Officer thereof. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 63: Mr. R USH, Ms. N ORTON , and Mr. 
H.R. 114: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. G ROTHMAN . 
H.R. 167: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 169: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. 
H.R. 217: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
STUTZMAN , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. 
H.R. 333: Mr. C OLE, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. L ARSENof Washington, and Mr. S CHIFF . 
H.R. 546: Mr. H IGGINS and Ms. J UDYCHUof 
H.R. 556: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. Z INKE, and 
H.R. 612: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 653: Mr. Y OHOand Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 702: Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B UCK, Mr. 
H.R. 757: Mr. H ECKof Nevada and Mr. M ACARTHUR . 
H.R. 775: Ms. M ENG, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. 
H.R. 842: Mr. N EAL, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and 
H.R. 879: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. 
ZELDIN , Mrs. E LLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. 
WILSON of South Carolina, and Mr. B ENISHEK . 
H.R. 969: Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. G RAHAM , Ms. 
JACKSON LEE, Mr. S TEWART , Ms. H AHN, Mr. 
H.R. 994: Mr. R ANGEL and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 1076: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
H.R. 1100: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. 
Mr. B UTTERFIELD , and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. Y ODER , Mrs. E LLMERS of 
H.R. 1171: Mr. I SRAEL and Mr. K IND. H.R. 1174: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1247: Mr. R EEDand Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1301: Ms. S LAUGHTER and Mr. M CGOVERN. 
H.R. 1342: Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. C ONNOLLY , 
H.R. 1356: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
H.R. 1377: Mr. P OLIQUIN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1384: Mr. G IBSON , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
H.R. 1401: Mr. R OSS, Mr. R IGELL , and Mr. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
VANHOLLEN , Mr. S MITH of Texas, and Mr. 
H.R. 1434: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD and Mr. A L 
H.R. 1475: Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. G ENEGREEN of 
Texas, Mr. R OTHFUS , and Ms. G ABBARD . 
H.R. 1516: Mr. L ONG, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, and Mr. I SRAEL . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. R EED, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. Y OHO, 
H.R. 1567: Ms. F UDGE , Mr. A SHFORD , and 
H.R. 1571: Mr. P ETERS , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. 
H.R. 1594: Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. R OTHFUS . 
H.R. 1610: Mr. O’R OURKE and Mr. H ARPER . 
H.R. 1624: Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. H ARDY , Mr. 
CARTER of Texas, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. M URPHYof Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1728: Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1737: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. T ROTT , Mr. T ED 
H.R. 1854: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 1994: Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F RELING HUYSEN , Mr. F LORES , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. 
H.R. 2050: Mr. K ATKO , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
H.R. 2061: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. W ELCH . H.R. 2063: Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia. 
H.R. 2076: Mr. P OCAN and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 2124: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. 
TSONGAS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. 
ALGREEN of Texas, Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. N ORCROSS , and Mr. D ONOVAN . 
H.R. 2369: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of 
H.R. 2400: Mr. N EUGEBAUER and Mr. Y OHO. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. D ONOVAN , 
Ms. E STY, Mr. S ALMON , and Mr. C ICILLINE . 
H.R. 2500: Mr. P OLIS and Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS 
H.R. 2515: Mr. L ANCE , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, 
Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 2521: Mr. T AKANO and Mr. C UMMINGS . 
H.R. 2643: Mr. T IPTON and Mr. M CHENRY . 
H.R. 2646: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, and Mrs. L AWRENCE . 
H.R. 2698: Mr. K ATKO , Mr. J ONES , Mr. 
H.R. 2713: Mr. L EWIS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. 
TAKAI, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. C OURTNEY , and 
H.R. 2744: Mr. J OLLY , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. 
H.R. 2802: Mr. W OODALL , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. 
H.R. 2811: Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. S LAUGHTER , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Ms. N ORTON , and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 2820: Mr. N OLAN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
H.R. 2847: Mr. C LAY, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. 
REICHERT , Ms. L EE, and Mr. E MMER of Minnesota. 
H.R. 2849: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina and 
H.R. 2858: Mr. J ONES and Mr. E NGEL . 
H.R. 2903: Mr. H ANNA , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. 
LAMBORN , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and 
H.R. 2915: Mr. C ONYERS and Ms. F RANKEL of 
H.R. 2916: Mr. S ARBANES and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 2937: Mr. Y OHOand Mrs. W ALORSKI . 
H.R. 2942: Mr. B RIDENSTINE and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 2944: Mr. C URBELO of Florida and Mrs. 
H.R. 2964: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. J ENKINS of West 
H.R. 2972: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of 
H.R. 2978: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania and Ms. A DAMS . 
H.R. 2989: Mr. M CGOVERN and Ms. M AXINE  
H.R. 2999: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. H ONDA . 
H.R. 3002: Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. M ICA, Mr. 
SANFORD , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
SCHWEIKERT , and Mr. F LEMING . H.R. 3006: Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. L AMALFA , and 
GUINTA , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , and Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 3029: Mr. J ONES , Mr. B RENDAN F. 
H.R. 3036: Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. P ALLONE , and 
H.R. 3037: Mr. C UMMINGS and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 3048: Mr. H ILL, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
H.R. 3051: Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. N ORTON , Mrs. W ATSON  
MEEKS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. L ANGEVIN , and Ms. 
H.R. 3052: Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. B ROOKS of 
H.R. 3069: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. F UDGE , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  
H.R. 3095: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas and Mr. 
H.R. 3115: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mrs. M ILLERof Michigan, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. G UINTA , 
Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 3118: Mr. G OWDY and Mr. B RAT. 
H.J. Res. 59: Mr. G OHMERT , Mrs. W AGNER , 
Mr. A BRAHAM , and Mr. H ENSARLING . 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. E LLISON and Mr. L EVIN. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. D ENHAM . H. Res. 56: Mrs. R ADEWAGEN . 
H. Res. 354: Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , 
H. Res. 365: Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Ms. S EWELL  
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
The amendment to be offered by Representative S HIMKUS , or a designee, to H.R. 
1734, the Improving Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
were deleted from public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S5179 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 21, 2015 No. 114 