purple and Panther Pride are alive and well in Texas. 
open for 5 years—5 short years—yet last Saturday, they took us to heights that schools that have been around for 50 years have never achieved. They made the Final 4, the Texas 5A Division 2 State semifinal football playoffs. 
little short, but fans like me walked out darn proud of our guys. They never quit, and they never will. 
(Mr. COHEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the House will vote on an omnibus spending bill, and I look forward to supporting that bill because it does so much good for America, moves us forward, and brings us together as a body to move America forward. Included in there is the amendment I have had on the House floor, and the Senate accepted to add an additional $4 million to test rape kits. 
Mr. Speaker, there is a horrific backlog of rape kits in this country, and the Federal Government has stepped forward. Now we will step forward with $45 million—last year it was $41 million—to give to local governments to reduce the backlog. That means we will be able to catch the guilty and stop them before they violate the law again and violate another woman, because rapists are often serial offenders. 
I look forward to supporting the omnibus bill, protecting women in America, and finding justice for criminals. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
thing 5 years of ObamaCare has shown us has been its multiple and continuous flaws. When this legislation was signed into law, the President freely gave money away to establish State exchanges. However, they forgot one piece of the puzzle: They provided no provisions for recouping funds when the State exchanges failed. 
billions of taxpayer dollars and provided zero solutions to protect taxpayers when States decided to stop operating the exchanges. Where is the accountability? This burden cannot be placed on the taxpayer. 
and Accountability of Failed Exchanges Act to ensure Americans are not on the hook for the billions that were recklessly doled out to the States to establish these State exchanges. By promoting accountability and transparency, my legislation fixes the problems by providing clear steps to recover Federal funds when State exchanges fail, and it requires unused funds to be returned back to the Treasury Department to pay down the national debt. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to once again reinforce the importance of proper management of our Nation’s national forests. 
harvests in the Allegheny National Forest have fallen dramatically, following a trend we have seen in national 
effect on communities and school districts in and around the forest, because, since 1908, counties in national forests are entitled to 25 percent of the receipts from timber sales under the 1908 Good Neighbor Compact. 
built on the lumber industry and natural resources. Many are among the most rural, poorest in Pennsylvania, and the funding from timber sales is critical for schools, roads, and other public services, something these towns and school districts depend on. 
various challenges forest communities continue to face, we must pass real reform that leads to good management practices in our national forests. As such, I continue to support the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, or H.R. 2647. I believe this legislation is a 
key to increasing timber harvests in our national forests, which will not only benefit our communities but will create a forest that is healthier and less prone to wildfires and invasive species. 
pleased to announce my nominees for appointment to our Nation’s service academies. With the recommendations of my Veterans Council, we have nominated a group of young men and women that are committed to representing the First District and our great Nation. 
Trent Foster; we have Kody Rulofson and David Shattuck. 
Congratulations to them all. We thank the Veterans Council for 
helping with the interview process and vetting these young people. 
them to be the gogetters that they are and for the dedication required to get to this point. And we thank the nominees themselves for the hard work that it takes and the service that they are willing to do and put out and their sacrifice for us. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I move to 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2820) to reauthorize the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stem Cell 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’ before the period at the end. 
Section 2 of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 274k note) is amended— 
fiscal years 2016 through 2020’’ before the period at the end; and 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue determinations with respect to the inclusion of peripheral blood stem cells and umbilical cord blood in the definition of human organ. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. G ENEGREEN ) 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
of H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act, introduced by my colleagues, Representative CHRIS SMITH of New Jersey and 
Energy and Commerce Committee’s ongoing effort to work together in a bipartisan manner to strengthen public health and solve problems in our Nation’s healthcare system. 
Cord Blood Inventory program and the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program through fiscal year 2020, 
cord blood donation and research essential to increasing patient access to transplants. 
the NCBI, is a program to collect, store, and distribute umbilical cord blood to those in need of a cord blood stem cell transplant. These cord blood units must meet specific criteria, and are available through the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program to treat patients who need a transplant. 
blood have unique qualities that help some patients who would otherwise be unable to have a potentially lifesaving transplant. NCBI is the largest and most diverse marrow registry in the world. 
The C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program provides support to patients who undergo a transplant and helps match donors to patients who are in need of an unrelated marrow donor. Seventy percent of all patients who need a transplant don’t have a match donor in their family, and this program gives them somewhere to turn. 
I support H.R. 2820. I urge my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
and Research Reauthorization Act, would continue the highly successfully Be The Match Registry for bone marrow and umbilical cord blood transplantation. 
in need of lifesaving transplants. Each year about 20,000 patients receive blood marrow transplants. Seventy percent of those patients do not find a match within their family and instead rely on the Be The Match Registry to find a nonrelative bone marrow donor. 
That is why continued Federal support for the Be The Match Registry and its nearly 12.5 million registered bone marrow donors and collection of more than 209,000 cord blood units is so important. 
I am glad that we have come together on a bipartisan basis in our committee and in the House and the Senate to support this lifesaving program. 
I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ to concur with Senate H.R. 2820. 
Mr. PITTS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I would like to reiterate the important work that the National Marrow Donor Program does for patients. Be The Match, operated by the National Marrow Donor Program, has facilitated more than 68,000 marrow and cord blood transplants, which is an average of more than 520 transplants a month. They conducted their first transplant as the National Marrow Donor Program in 1987. 
developing new cellular therapies, in advancing services to speed the transplant process, and improving treatments for posttransplant complications. Be The Match invests in dedicated researchers whose countless hours in the lab and caring for patients have helped more patients than ever before to receive a transplant. 
Beyond establishing the registry, investment in medical research over the years has been essential in helping find the answers that save the lives of more patients. 
was awarded to Dr. E. Donnall Thomas for discoveries in cellular transplantation. 
stem cell collected for use in unrelated transplants occurred. 
built, one of the world’s largest tissue sample storage facilities used for medical research. 
partnered with the Medical College of Wisconsin to create the Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research. 
The great work and discovery continues. I urge bipartisan support for H.R. 2820 and support for discovery and cures for patients. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). 
Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2820, the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015. 
Cord Blood Inventory program and the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, two programs that save lives every day through bone marrow transplants and blood infusions. 
that the Georgia General Assembly passed in 2007, establishing the newborn umbilical cord blood bank. I voted for that legislation in the Georgia General Assembly, and I will vote in favor of this legislation. 
For some patients who have leukemia, lymphoma, sickle cell anemia, or a lifethreatening blood cancer, help from programs like the National Cord Blood Inventory program and the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program, may be their last hope at living longer, healthier lives. That is why H.R. 2820 is so important. 
This bill reauthorizes these two programs through 2020, and continues to provide lifesaving techniques and research to many who fight for their lives every day. 
on September 8 by voice vote. I encourage my colleagues to support it again. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
time as he may consume to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), 
was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I want to thank, first of all, our distinguished chairman, Chairman PITTS, for his extraordinary work on 
of Texas, Mr. P ALLONE , and, of course, 
In the Senate, we have had a tremendous team of O RRIN HATCH , JACKREED, 
again worked in a very bipartisan way to ensure that this lifeaffirming, lifesaving legislation not only made it through the Senate, but was beefed up, made stronger. 
People talk about the lack of bipartisanship. I do believe this is one of those bills where we have all come together to try to say—whether it be bone marrow or adult stem cells in the form of cord blood—that it be made available to as many people as possible in the most usable and efficacious way. 
know this and I will try not to be too redundant because I think the chairman has explained it—the bill under consideration by the House today does reauthorize through 2020 two critically important and complementary programs, the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program and the National Cord Blood Inventory. 
this time of giftgiving to reauthorize these lifegiving programs. Americans willing to give the gift of life to others are at the heart of the success of this program. 
for the adult donors willing to provide bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells as well as mothers who donate their child’s cord blood through public cord blood banks. 
Under the National Cord Blood Inventory program, Mr. Speaker, contracts are awarded to cord blood banks to collect cord blood units donated after mothers give birth. 
United States every year. God, in his grace and love, has left a gift that then gives life and helps to cure diseases, including leukemia and other devastating bloodrelated diseases, left after that birth. 
itself is teeming with stem cells that are, again, highly efficacious in curing and mitigating disease. 
12 million adult volunteer donors and 209,000 cord blood units through Be The Match. The program’s Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Coordinating Centers 
and cord blood transplants available to donors and patients. The Office of Patient Advocacy helps support patients and families dealing with a lifethreatening diagnosis. The Stem Cell Therapeutic Outcomes Database tracks results. 
something is working or not, you track it, and you are constantly recalibrating it in order to make it better. 
Today’s bill is the second reauthorization of the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, a law that I authored a decade ago, joined by Artur Davis of Alabama, legislation that, again, cleared the Senate with the great help of Senator ORRIN HATCH . 
work of our distinguished, late colleague Bill Young of Florida to facilitate bone marrow transplants and created a brandnew national umbilical cord blood donation and transplantation program. 
Be The Match, has noted that, for many diseases, including blood cancers and sickle cell anemia disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. 
committee, the patient population rising the most quickly is the elderly population, growing by double digits every year. The reason for that is that the medical conditions for which transplant is often the only cure tend to occur in older populations; diseases like acute leukemia, myelofibrosis, and others. 
Breathtaking scientific breakthroughs have turned medical waste, postbirth placentas, and umbilical cord blood into medical miracles, treating more than 70 diseases—some say as many as 80—including leukemia, lymphoma, and sickle cell anemia. 
that, during consideration of the Senate HELP Committee, language was added to direct relevant agencies to study the state of science using adult stem cells and birthing tissues to develop new therapies for patients. 
Last year I visited Celgene Corporation in Summit, New Jersey, to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers and how they turn amniotic membrane, an old placenta, into wound management that now has advanced past stage 3 clinical trials to the approval and regulatory filings stage. 
Again, I want to thank the chief cosponsor, Ms. MATSUI ; Mr. J OLLY ; and 
Mr. F ATTAH . Again, this is a bipartisan 
the House today reauthorizes through 2020 two critically important and complementary programs—the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program and National Cord Blood Inventory. 
timely to reauthorize these lifegiving programs. Americans willing to give the gift of life to others are at the heart of the success of this program. In reauthorizing it we are grateful for the adult donors willing to provide bone marrow or peripheral blood stem cells, as well as mothers who donate their child’s cord blood through public cord blood banks. 
Cord Blood Inventory Program (NCBI), contracts are awarded to cord blood banks to collect cord blood units donated after mothers give birth. These units are then made available through the C.W. Bill Young Cell Transplantation Program also called the Be the Match Registry. The Program provides a single point of access, enabling those in need of lifesaving transplants to search for a match via an integrated nationwide network of bone marrow donors and cord blood stem cells. Americans have access to more than 12 million adult volunteer donors and 209,000 cord blood units through Be The Match. The Program’s Bone Marrow and Cord Blood Coordinating Centers makes information about bone marrow and cord blood transplant available to donors and patients, and the Office of Patient Advocacy helps support patients and families dealing with a lifethreatening diagnosis. And the Stem Cell Therapeutic Outcomes Database tracks results. 
was invaluable in shepherding this vital bill through the Senate. And special thanks to both Chairmen UPTON and P ITTS for their outstanding leadership and help on this bill, as well as the strong support by Ranking Members PALLONE and G REEN . I am deeply grateful 
to original cosponsors Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. J OLLY 
the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, a law that I sponsored a decade ago joined by Artur Davis of Alabama; legislation that cleared the Senate with the incomparable help of Senator ORRIN HATCH . That law built 
upon the excellent work of our distinguished late colleague Bill Young of Florida to facilitate bone marrow transplants and created a brand new national umbilical cord blood donation and transplantation program. 
Match has noted that for many diseases including blood cancers and sickle cell disease, cellular therapy is the best hope for a cure. He told Chairman PITTS’ subcommittee that the 
patient population ‘‘rising the most quickly is the elderly population . . . growing by double digits every year, and the reason for that is the medical conditions for which transplant is often the only cure tend to occur in older populations for diseases like acute myeloid leukemia, myelodysplastic syndrome, myelofibrosis and others.’’ 
turned medical waste—post birth placentas and umbilical cord blood—into medical miracles treating more than 70 diseases including leukemia, lymphoma and sickle cell anemia. 
Not only has God in His wisdom and goodness created a placenta and umbilical cord to nurture and protect the precious life of an unborn child, but now we know that another gift awaits us immediately after birth. Something very special is left behind—cord blood that is teeming with lifesaving stem cells. 
diseases like sickle cell anemia and leukemia, cord blood units from NCBI banks are also made available for research on future therapies. In groundbreaking research, Dr. Kurtzberg of Duke University also testified last June that ‘‘in addition to use in patients with malignant and genetic diseases, cord blood is showing enormous potential for use in cellular therapies and regenerative medicine. Cord blood derived vaccines against viruses and certain types of cancers are currently under development and in early phase clinical trials. Cells, manufactured from cord blood units are being developed to boost recovery of the immune system. Cells regulating autoimmunity (Regulatory T cells) are also in clinical trials. These approaches, which often utilize cord blood banked in family banks, may help patients with Type 1 Diabetes, as well as other diseases.’’ 
others are developing uses for cord blood to treat acquired brain disorders. ‘‘Over the past six years’’ she said ‘‘we have initiated trials of autologous (the patient’s own) cord blood in babies with birth asphyxia, cerebral palsy, hearing loss and autism . . .’’ 
that when donor cells are infused into one’s body, they go to the brain and help heal the brain. When a child has a brain injury around birth, we can use their own cord blood cells to correct the damage that’s occurred.’’ 
Inportantly, during consideration in the Senate HELP Committee, language was added to direct the relevant agencies to study the state of science using adult stem cells and birthing tissues to develop new therapies for patients. Last year, Mr. Speaker, I visited Celgene Corporation of Summit, New Jersey to learn of their extraordinary efforts to use cord blood to heal diabetic foot ulcers and how they’ve turned amniotic membrane—an old placenta— into wound management that has now advanced past stage 3 clinical trials to the approval and regulatory filings stage. 
years and will ensure that thousands of presentday and future patients benefit from the exciting field of regenerative medicine. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PITTS) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2820. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVIST DEBT RELIEF EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4246) to exempt for an additional 4year period, from the application of the meanstest presumption of 
abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces and members of the National Guard who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. C OHEN ) 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 4246, currently under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? 
There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I 
Every day at home and abroad, uniformed men and women risk their lives to protect our freedom and way of life. Among those brave souls are military reservists and members of the National Guard, who have been called to duty in Iraq, Afghanistan, and in many other places across the globe. We are eternally grateful for their service to our country. 
The Federal Government has a responsibility to ease the transition of reservists and guardsmen back into civilian life upon their return home. Some may return home with physical handicaps. For others, psychological challenges face them and their families. Some of these veterans and their families have suffered financial hardships, and, occasionally, bankruptcy is the unfortunate last resort. In a chapter 7 bankruptcy, debtors surrender virtually all of their assets to the bankruptcy trustee and receive a discharge from their debts at the end of the short case. 
reforms to the Bankruptcy Code under the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act. A significant policy goal of that Act was to address abuses of the chapter 7 bankruptcy process. To that end, Congress inserted into the Bankruptcy Code a 
threshold test to gauge whether debtors have disposable income that can be used to pay their debts. This is commonly referred to as the ‘‘means test.’’ 
If debtors are able to pay some portion of their debts from their disposable monthly incomes, then the filing of a chapter 7 bankruptcy case is presumed to be an abuse of the bankruptcy system. Debtors can contest that presumption or can seek relief under other bankruptcy chapters, including chapter 13, under which they can restructure how to pay for their debts over time from their disposable incomes. 
military reservists and National Guardsmen sometimes confront unique financial challenges as a consequence of their military service. For instance, if these military members receive hazard pay during their service, that could actually inflate the results of the disposable income calculation under the means test, lifting them out of chapter 7 eligibility. So Congress enacted the National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Act, which President Bush signed into law in October of 2008. This Act allows reservists and National Guardsmen to bypass the means test, making it easier for them to file a chapter 7 case. 
it was extended for an additional 4 years. The exemption is, once again, set to expire on December 19. H.R. 4246, introduced by Mr. COHEN and Mr. 
We continue to call on our guardsmen and reservists to serve our country. We should ensure that those military members who fall on hard times are not denied access to bankruptcy because of their service to their country. The bill before us today extends the sunset date by 4 years, at which time Congress will have the opportunity to reexamine whether this exception to the means test continues to be necessary. 
I thank the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) and the gentleman 
from Virginia (Mr. F ORBES ) for introducing this legislation; and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill. 
Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
and I appreciate his support just as I appreciate Mr. GOODLATTE for bringing 
this bill to the floor. Bills don’t get to the floor without the chairman of the committee having recommended them; so I thank Mr. GOODLATTE and I thank 
Mr. C ONYERS , as I have been thinking 
about the apology for slavery and Jim Crow that came to this floor 7 years ago but that wouldn’t have without the work of thenChairman CONYERS ; so I 
other sponsors, Mr. N ADLER and Mr. ROHRABACHER , who have cosponsored 
of H.R. 4246, the National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015. 
that certain members of the National Guard and Reserves who fall on hard economic times after their service will continue to obtain the bankruptcy relief which we have granted them in the past so they won’t have to fill out substantial paperwork that is required by the socalled ‘‘means test’’ under chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code and meet that test. 
about 10 years ago when President Bush signed into law what is called the BAPCPA, the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act, which made numerous amendments to the bankruptcy law. It provided a means test, which made it more difficult to get into bankruptcy court. This gives National Guardsmen and reservists an opportunity to extinguish their debts without having to go through that difficult test. 
Debt Relief Act of 2008 created an exception to the means test’s presumption of abuse for members of the National Guard and Reserves who after September 11 served on Active Duty or in a homeland defense activity for at least 90 days. The exception remains available for 540 days after the servicemember leaves the military. 
subjected to unscrupulous lenders and payday loans, and we have seen stories that show that up to, I think, 11 percent of servicemembers have been taking out payday loans. Eleven percent of enlisted personnel in the Active Duty military obtain these loans, which include vehicle title loans, pawnshop loans, and other highinterest loans; so they are preyed upon. 
our country and are preyed upon by folks near the military establishment in the communities, it is appropriate that we give them this relief. It is a way for our Nation to recognize the sacrifices made by National Guard and Reserve members who have served on Active Duty or in homeland defense since September 11 and who may be suffering from financial hardship. 
Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys and by the Veterans of Foreign Wars. 
Ranking Member C ONYERS and my fellow cosponsors; and I urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. 
urge my colleagues to support this important legislation that continues a very good practice that benefits our Guard and Reserve members. 
support of H.R. 4246, the ‘‘National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015.’’ 
signed into law the Bankruptcy Abuse Prevention and Consumer Protection Act, a bill that made numerous amendments to the Bankruptcy Code, many of which pertained to consumer debtors. 
test mechanism—purportedly intended to determine a debtor’s ability to repay debts—that requires a presumption of abuse if the debtor has income in excess of specified thresholds. 
H.R. 4246 would continue the current exemption from this presumption for certain qualifying National Guard members and reserve component members of the Armed Services. 
2008 on a bipartisan basis, is due to expire in just a few days on December 19th. 
who serve in the military encounter financial difficulties during or in the wake of their service and that they merit relief from the additional proof requirements of the means test. 
by unscrupulous lenders. As reported by the Wall Street Journal earlier this year, payday lenders prey on service members and their families at twice the rate that they use to target civilians. 
often used to provide small amounts of money to pay for unexpected or emergency expenditures or to obtain advances on tax refunds. 
these loans can quickly balloon into overwhelming debt obligations. According to the Journal, some servicemembers have paid as much as 600 percent to 700 percent for the life of their loans, or even four times the amount of the original loan. 
In 2013, about 11 percent of enlisted personnel in the active duty military obtained payday loans, which included vehicle title loans, pawnshop loans, and other highinterest loans. 
seek bankruptcy protection in response to financial distress, H.R. 4246 ensures that they are exempted from the presumption of abuse if he or she is on active duty or is performing a homeland defense activity for a specified period. 
STEVE COHEN , for his leadership on this legislation and for his enduring commitment to our Nation’s servicemembers. 
sides of the aisle to join me in supporting H.R. 4246. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. EMERGENCY INFORMATION 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1090) to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) and the 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S. 1090. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? 
There was no objection. Mr. COSTELLO of Pennsylvania. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act, also known as the Stafford Act, provides for assistance to governments and to nonprofit organizations to rebuild damaged facilities following a declared disaster. 
Improvement Act of 2015, clarifies the eligibility of certain notforprofit broadcasting facilities for disaster assistance that is consistent with existing policy. 
alerts and information before, during, and after disasters and emergencies. In fact, these broadcasters are an integral component of our national public alert and warning system. Following a disaster, it is critical that these facilities get up and running as soon as possible to ensure the public receives necessary emergency information. For example, during recent major disasters, these 
broadcasters were critical to getting information to the public quickly. 
PALAZZO for his leadership on shepherding this bill through committee and for getting it here to the House floor. 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Improvement Act of 2015, would clarify the eligibility of certain broadcasting facilities for public assistance. 
when it comes to emergency management in the face of a disaster. One of the best ways to prevent deaths and injuries during a disaster is to warn those who are in harm’s way of impending danger. This allows people to take the necessary precautions to avoid injury and death and to minimize property damage. Broadcasters work hand in hand with emergency managers to provide this notice before a disaster strikes. After a disaster, the broadcasters’ role remains just as critical. They continue airing information about ongoing hazards and aid recovery efforts by providing howto information on accessing recovery assistance. 
floods in the Carolinas, the emergency broadcasts save lives and keep people out of harm’s way. This is not just about largescale disasters. When a violent storm caused the sudden collapse of a concert stage in my hometown of Indianapolis, Indiana, local broadcasters kept a tragedy from becoming that much worse. Timely alerts enabled Fair officials to clear the Midway minutes before the storm struck, potentially saving the lives of hundreds of people. We see this all over the country every year. 
are not immune to hazards, which is why this bill is so important. When broadcasting facilities are damaged by a disaster, we must ensure that they are eligible for recovery assistance so that they can be up and running in time for the next hazard. 
language is absolutely identical to the language that my good friend from New York (Mr. NADLER ) has been so 
tirelessly advocating for; so I want to thank him for his efforts in bringing this issue to our attention and for his diligence in ensuring this matter was brought to the House floor. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PALAZZO. Mr. Speaker, I give my full 
support of Senate Bill 1090, the Emergency Information Improvement Act. Congressman BRIAN HIGGINS of New York and I sponsored 
the House version of this bill, and we are 
proud to see this simple but very important piece of legislation pass. 
of America. Hurricanes on the Gulf Coast and Eastern Seaboard, ice storms in the Midwest and plains states, wild fires in the West, tornados through our Nation’s heartlands and flooding in Texas, the Carolinas, and elsewhere. 
play an essential role in delivering information about response efforts, local relief supplies, evacuation orders and emergency routes, where to find food, shelter and fuel as well as ontheground, atthescene reporting to help affected communities understand and respond. 
population has access to a public radio or TV signal. Current federal emergency response and relief statutes are ambiguous on whether local public broadcasting stations are eligible for emergency financial assistance when damaged by storms and other disasters. This legislation amends the Stafford Act to make clear that local public radio and broadcasting stations are eligible recipients of disaster relief. The Emergency Information Improvement Act brings greater stability to the availability of critical information during times of crisis. 
boost our efforts to ensure that all Americans have the information they need when they need it during occurrences of natural and manmade disasters. It will guarantee that locally licensed stations are eligible for federal disaster relief funding in the event their facilities are impacted by a disaster. 
in the Senate and for their hard work in seeing this important piece of legislation pass their chamber. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the joint resolution (H.J. Res. 78) making further continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. L OWEY ) 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the consideration of H.J. Res. 78. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
H.J. Res. 78, a shortterm continuing resolution that will fund the government through December 22. 
omnibus funding bill. The bill will responsibly fund the government for the remainder of fiscal 2016 year at the level set by the Bipartisan Budget Act passed in October. We are set to consider it later this week. 
However, our current funding mechanism expires today at midnight. To allow for enough time to read and process this legislation, it is necessary at this point that we pass another continuing resolution to keep the lights on in our government. 
today simply extends current levels of funding for critical government programs and services for 6 additional days through next Tuesday. It is very short and limited in scope, buying us enough time to shepherd the omnibus through to enactment and then for the bill to be enrolled, sent to the President, and signed into law. 
this bill, to give us the time to consider the full appropriations package, and bring the fiscal year 2016 appropriations process to a close. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
For the second time in a week, I rise 
in halfhearted support for the continuing resolution before us. This is the third time the Republican majority has brought us to the brink of a shutdown in just the past 11 weeks. It has been over 2
bipartisan 2year budget agreement that set guidelines for appropriations. We should have final bills signed into law by now. There are no excuses for these constant delays. 
Unfortunately, Republicans’ insistence on including dangerous, harmful policies in spending bills that would restrict women’s reproductive health decisions, harm the environment, and roll back consumer protections, just to name a few, delayed the ability of Congress to come to a fair, bipartisan agreement on time. 
this process that Republicans would need Democratic votes to pass the omnibus. That is why I am pleased to say we were able to get rid of more than 150 poison pill riders, including those related to women’s health, labor, such as efforts to block the fiduciary rule and the joint employer rule, consumer financial protection, clean air and water—all gone. However, I was disappointed we were unable to reverse a 19yearold prohibition on Federal funding for the research of gun violence. 
The budget agreement enacted in November provided additional funding, allowing us to make critical investments, reflecting Democratic values. There are some large increases to the National Institutes of Health and the Army Corps of Engineers, for example, Head Start, energy research, COPS hiring, nutrition funding, and so much more. We also prevented further cuts to the EPA and other agencies routinely targeted by Republicans. I am disappointed that the omnibus does not deal adequately with Puerto Rico’s crisis. It does carry the 9/11 health and compensation fund. The omnibus carries some tax matters, including the Cadillac tax and solar and wind tax credits. 
Each Member will have to read the details for him or herself. 
While I will vote to keep the government open today, Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve a Congress that does its job on time and puts the interests of hardworking families ahead of special interests. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the joint resolution, H.J. Res. 78. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the joint resolution was passed. 
rise with a heavy heart to pay tribute to the 14 innocent lives lost on December 2 in San Bernardino, California, in the terrorism attack at the Inland Regional Center. 
San Bernardino community has come together and supported one another during this dark chapter in our region and our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, today I ask my colleagues, fellow Americans, and those who hear this message around the world, to pray for the families of the 14 victims, the speedy recovery of the 22 injured, the countless first responders that helped that day, and for the health and resilience of the San Bernardino community. 
seen firsthand the tenacity and the spirit of the area that we call the Inland Empire. We have said loudly, as one community, that this tragedy will not define us and it will not divide us. 
We will not be afraid to come together in fellowship, to work together, to mourn together, or to rebuild together. Across faiths and across culture, we will support one another in this time of need. 
been forced to soldier through difficult times before. As we face this new and difficult hurdle, I know my community will continue to stand together to show our country and our region the resolve of this city and of these people to heal. We are San Bernardino united. 
Mr. Speaker, I am joined by my colleagues, and I ask the House to pause for a moment of silence in honor of those affected by the terrorist act in San Bernardino on December 2. 
The SPEAKER. The House will observe a moment of silence. 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVIST DEBT RELIEF EXTENSION ACT OF 2015 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4246) to exempt for an additional 4year period, from the application of the meanstest presumption of abuse under chapter 7, qualifying members of reserve components of the Armed Forces 
who, after September 11, 2001, are called to active duty or to perform a homeland defense activity for not less than 90 days, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER. The question is on 
the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that 
the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 419, nays 1, not voting 13, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook 
Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren 
Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce 
Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson 
Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) 
Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
are a few certainties in life: death, taxes, and my good friend from Maryland (Mr. H OYER ) asking for a colloquy 
about every week, but the schedule of this House in December is not one of those certainties. So I rise today to ensure that the Members of this body have the most uptodate information on the floor schedule in the House. 
be in session and voting on Thursday and Friday of this week. Members are advised that we are expected to remain in session until we finish our business for the year. 
the tax extender package tomorrow, and the omnibus on Friday. Should there be any further changes to the schedule, I will be sure to notify the Members as soon as possible. 
Mr. MCCARTHY. I yield to the gentleman from Maryland. 
Can the leader tell me what the expectation would be for Members on Friday as to when would be a target date to complete business on Friday? 
9 a.m. It is our anticipation as long as it goes as scheduled that we can be walking off the floor by noon. 
EMMER of Minnesota). Without objection, 5minute voting will continue. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1090) to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to provide eligibility for broadcasting facilities to receive certain disaster assistance, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. COSTELLO ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 420, nays 1, not voting 12, as follows: 
Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer 
Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis 
Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano 
Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby 
Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) 
Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed rollcall vote Nos. 695, 696 and 697. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on rollcall vote Nos. 695, 696, and 697. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and passing the bill (H.R. 3654) to require a report on United States strategy to combat terrorist use of social media, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3654, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2297) to prevent Hezbollah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH 
It shall be the policy of the United States to— 
and executive avenues to combat the global criminal activities of Hizballah as a means to block that organization’s ability to fund its global terrorist activities. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on the following: 
Internet, or other providers that have knowingly entered into a contractual relationship with alManar TV, and any affiliates or successors thereof. 
have been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism); and 
have not been sanctioned pursuant to Executive Order 13224 and, with respect to each such provider, any information indicating that the provider has knowingly entered into a contractual relationship with alManar TV, and any affiliates or successors of alManar TV. 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
paragraph shall be construed to confer or imply any right to judicial review of any finding under this subsection or any prohibition, condition, or penalty imposed as a result of any such finding. 
committees a report describing the reasons for such determination. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that— 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
term ‘‘foreign financial institution’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1010.605 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations. 
which are blocked pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 
(II) who is identified on the list of specially 
designated nationals and blocked persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Department of the Treasury as an agent, instrumentality, or affiliate of Hizballah. 
laundering’’ includes the movement of illicit cash or cash equivalent proceeds into, out of, or through a country, or into, out of, or through a financial institution. 
further define the terms used in this section in the regulations prescribed under this section. 
NARCOTICS TRAFFICKING AND SIGNIFICANT TRANSNATIONAL CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on the activities of Hizballah related to narcotics trafficking worldwide. 
significant foreign narcotics trafficker under the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1901 et seq.); and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership a report on the significant transnational criminal activities of Hizballah, including human trafficking. 
greatest extent possible, but may include a classified annex. 
significant transnational criminal organization under Executive Order 13581 (75 Fed. Reg. 44,757); and 
the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that details actions taken by the Department of State through the Department of State rewards program under section 36 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act (22 U.S.C. 2708) to obtain information on fundraising, financing, and money laundering activities of Hizballah and its agents and affiliates. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
GOVERNMENTS TO DISRUPT GLOBAL LOGISTICS NETWORKS AND FUNDRAISING, FINANCING, AND MONEY LAUNDERING ACTIVITIES OF HIZBALLAH. 
the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— 
or in which Hizballah maintains important portions of its global logistics networks; 
of the country is taking adequate measures to disrupt the global logistics networks of Hizballah within the territory of the country; and 
(ii) in the case of a country the government of 
which is not taking adequate measures to disrupt such networks— 
any of its agents or affiliates, conducts significant fundraising, financing, or money laundering activities; 
of the country is taking adequate measures to disrupt the fundraising, financing, or money laundering activities of Hizballah and its agents and affiliates within the territory of the country; and 
(ii) in the case of a country the government of 
which is not taking adequate measures to disrupt such activities— 
the United States to encourage that government to improve measures to disrupt such activities; and 
its agents or affiliates, utilizes to raise or transfer funds, including tradebased money laundering, the use of foreign exchange houses, and freetrade zones. 
HIZBALLAH .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘global logistics networks of Hizballah’’, ‘‘global logistics networks’’, or ‘‘networks’’ means financial, material, or technological support for, or financial or other services in support of, Hizballah. 
later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the heads of other applicable Federal departments and agencies shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the disposition of Hizballah’s assets and activities related to fundraising, financing, and money laundering worldwide. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
Committee on Financial Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and 
Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
by this Act shall apply to the authorized intelligence activities of the United States. 
later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, promulgate regulations as necessary for the implementation of this Act and the amendments made by this Act. 
DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— 
Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives; and 
This Act shall terminate on the date that is 30 
days after the date on which the President certifies to Congress that Hizballah— 
of sanctions pursuant to Executive Order 13224 (50 U.S.C. 1701 note; relating to blocking property and prohibiting transactions with persons who commit, threaten to commit, or support terrorism). 
Amend the title so as to read: ‘‘An Act to 
prevent Hizballah and associated entities from gaining access to international financial and other institutions, and for other purposes.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. E NGEL ) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. I yield myself such time 
gentleman from North Carolina, Mr. MARK MEADOWS , for being an early 
leader on this issue, focusing on Hezbollah and on this legislation. 
8 years on the Foreign Affairs Committee as vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. 
I would just mention that, as chairman of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly Committee that researched and wrote the report on Iran’s nuclear weapons program, he has unique insights with respect to the threat posed by Hezbollah—not just to Israel, but to the West. We thank them both for their work on this measure. 
and S HAHEEN for recognizing the urgency of this problem and working in a bipartisan way to ensure that this legislation was able to pass the Senate so that today we can send it to the President’s desk. 
thank my good friend and colleague, the gentleman from New York, Mr. ELIOT ENGEL , for his work to push back 
against Iran and its proxies that threaten the United States and threaten our allies globally. 
Now, I will say that this day is overdue. This past May, the House passed this bill by a vote of 423–0. In fact, last Congress the House also passed legislation spearheaded by Mr. MEADOWS in 
other body failed to take up. Thankfully, this year is different because right now, Iran is on a roll. 
testfired another ballistic missile in violation of two U.N. resolutions. Meanwhile, Iran continues to hold American hostages. And its terrorist proxy—which is Hezbollah—is wreaking havoc throughout the Middle East. 
confront this kind of aggression. We cannot stand by while the Iranian regime exports violence and exports its revolutionary ideology. That is why this legislation targeting Hezbollah is so important. 
Hezbollah was responsible—before that attack by al Qaeda—for more American deaths than any other terrorist organization on this planet. In 1983, Hezbollah suicide bombers struck the U.S. marine barracks in Beirut, killing 241 American servicemen, and in a similar attack in 1996, in Saudi Arabia, killed 19 American servicemen. 
Iran’s frontline against Israel, with 100,000 rockets pointed at our ally. The terrorist group also plays a key role in Iran’s effort to prop up Syria’s murderous Assad regime. Thousands of Hezbollah fighters freely cross the border between Lebanon and Syria to join the fight. 
Hezbollah and other Iranian proxies is poised to become even more dangerous. 
Iran is Hezbollah’s primary benefactor, giving the Lebanese political 
party and militant group some $200 million a year in addition to weapons, training, intelligence, and logistical assistance as well. 
been forced to cut back its financial support to Hezbollah due to the international sanctions regime that the Obama administration will dismantle in the coming months. 
to Tehran under the Iran deal, Hezbollah will see additional funding come its way, a boost that will benefit Hezbollah’s regional and international operations. 
step up its aid to Shia militias in Iraq and Yemen in cooperation with Iran. It will increase its presence in Syria, and, most significantly, it is going to increase its threat to Israel. 
Hezbollah rebuild its capabilities beyond the Middle East. A newly enriched Hezbollah will be more aggressive at home and abroad, boosting its destabilizing activities inside and outside of Lebanon. 
Yet, this is not a foregone conclusion. This legislation represents an important first step in pushing back against Iran and Hezbollah and repairing the damage that the administration’s sanctions relief for Tehran has done to our national security. 
Hezbollah’s sources of financing under additional scrutiny, particularly those 
resources outside of Lebanon, given that many Lebanese banks have stepped up their game now to prevent money laundering. 
of advanced antiterrorism and antimoney laundering methods to both financial institutions and business enterprises operating as financial institutions, such as those adopted by regional banks, including many in Lebanon. 
organization’s diverse financial network, the legislation also requires the U.S. Government to focus on Hezbollah’s global logistics network and its transnational organized criminal enterprises, including its drug smuggling operations, key areas of expansion for that terrorist organization. 
How do I know they are worried? Because they said so in their own words. After the Senate passage of this legislation, Hezbollah issued a formal statement condemning the Senate vote and describing it as a ‘‘crime’’ against Hezbollah. With their international networks, particularly their most lucrative networks outside of Lebanon in Africa and Latin America, in our crosshairs, they should be worried. They should be worried. 
I strongly urge my colleagues to support this critical measure. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
The House first passed this bipartisan legislation on May 14 by a vote of 423–0. That is as bipartisan as you can get. On November 17, the Senate sent the bill back to us with a number of very modest changes. By passing it again today, we send it to the President’s desk. 
I want to commend my friend, Chairman ROYCE , for being the driving force 
behind this very, very important bill. When Chairman ROYCE introduced the 
bill, I was glad to join as an original cosponsor. 
I also want to acknowledge Representatives DEUTCH , M EADOWS , and 
Mr. Speaker, over a decade ago, I authored the Syria Accountability and Lebanese Sovereignty Restoration Act, which is now law. My partner, ILEANA  
very hard for many years to get this bill finally passed by both Houses and signed into law by the President. 
support for terrorism, including support to groups such as Hezbollah. Since then, Hezbollah has found new ways to siphon resources and expand its reach, all the while working toward the same goal: to undermine Lebanese political independence and support Iran’s dangerous agenda throughout the region. 
It is a bit ironic that the group that 
really controls Lebanon today is not really the Lebanese Government, but it 
is Hezbollah, which really has the same type of duplication, but they are stronger militarily than the Lebanese Government. That is a shame for Lebanon. It really is. 
Hezbollah has had with Lebanon’s wars against Israel and being Iran’s proxy in Syria and doing all kinds of things that are detrimental to the world. Our laws to crack down on this group of Hezbollah need to keep pace. Again, their goal is to undermine Lebanese political independence and support Iran’s dangerous goals. We need to be one step ahead of them. 
Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism. Let’s not forget that. While the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and its Quds Force spread instability throughout the region, Iran’s most destructive terrorist tool has been Hezbollah. 
group was behind the bombings of the U.S. Embassy and marine barracks in Lebanon and the Israel embassy and Jewish community center in Buenos Aires, Argentina. 
not limited to terrorism. The group has put down roots in drug trafficking and other forms of transnational crime. Hezbollah has become a sophisticated and complex terrorist organization, and we need a response adequate to meet this challenge. 
forward by sanctioning foreign banks for knowingly doing business with Hezbollah. We need to send a clear message to companies getting tangled up with this terrorist group. That message is: Walk away or face the consequences of the United States of America. 
light on AlManar, Hezbollah’s television station, itself a specially designated terrorist group. Chairman ROYCE and I, working together through 
the years, especially listen to what is being broadcast. 
Radio Free America and television broadcasts, we felt that the message that the United States was getting to these countries was very important. And we believed—both of us—that it did, in fact, play a major role in the collapse of the Soviet Union because they were fed the truth by us. We are strong supporters of continuing that kind of thing. 
logistical propaganda and fundraising purposes. It defies reason that this station is still carried by the satellite providers all over the world. Can you imagine that? 
Let me say that again. This legislation shines a bright light on AlManar, which is Hezbollah’s television station—itself, a specially designated terrorist group—and Hezbollah uses this station for logistical propaganda and fundraising purposes. It is outrageous that this station is still carried by satellite providers all over the world. 
We need to expose this puppet organization for what it is. Our government needs new powers provided in this legislation, and I am pleased that the House and Senate worked together to get the bill across the finish line. 
important legislation; and I, again, thank Chairman ROYCE for pushing 
this, for being the driving force of this legislation. 
minutes to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. WALORSKI ), a member of the 
of H.R. 2297, legislation that will impose sanctions on international financial institutions that knowingly engage in business with Hezbollah. 
Hezbollah is one of the world’s largest, most dangerous, wellfunded terrorist organizations. Trained, funded, and deployed as a proxy of the Iranian Government, with operations spanning several continents, the Shiite group has effectively taken over the Lebanese Government and has launched thousands of rockets at Israeli civilians. 
is stronger than ever. They have murdered Americans, Israelis, Syrians, and citizens of other nations. They have amassed an arsenal of advanced weaponry, including 150,000 rockets and missiles; have made technological advances; and have gained battlefield experience in Syria, all which have helped turn Hezbollah into what could be Israel’s most dangerous enemy in a generation. 
Obama report to Congress on Hezbollah’s involvement in its drug business, money laundering, and other criminal activities—all of which are critical to funding its terrorism. 
We cannot jeopardize our national security and continue to ignore the serious threat that Hezbollah poses to our country and to our allies, including Israel. While this bill is not a silver bullet, it is a huge step in the right direction. 
I thank the chairman and the committee for their work on this important measure. 
minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. DAVID SCOTT), who serves on 
the Financial Services Committee, who was a valued member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, who has served as 
vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Terrorism, Nonproliferation, and Trade. Congressman SCOTT is also a 
member of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly. He does such a fine job, and I want everyone to know he grew up in my district. 
Speaker, I thank the gentleman and really appreciate that. I, certainly, want to thank Chairman 
and ladies and gentlemen of America, we have before us, perhaps, the most singular, significant bill and thing that we can do right now to send a bold, powerful message to the world that we are going to finally begin that really intricate process, with determination, to dismantle one of the single most horrific terrorist groups on this Earth—Hezbollah. 
Now, why do I say that? I don’t say that just to get up and 
say a few words. I have spent 12 years on the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, and I have served as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. For 3 hard years, we did the research, and we wrote the report specifically on getting the real truth out about Iran’s nuclear weapons program. In the process of doing that, we discovered the intricals, the tunnels and all of the different things that gave support to Hezbollah by Iran. This is why this is so important. 
Hezbollah is to destroy Israel. Make no mistake about it. Right now, they have already got hundreds of missiles pointed toward Israel. 
the money, and the money trails are so complex. You have corporations; you have dummy companies; you also have individuals and third and fourth parties that our work found out that Iran works through. 
points to and gives the President of the United States the authority. As a matter of fact, it is almost like a very strong demand and request from us in the Congress. It is the executive branch that has investigative power. The CIA, Special Ops, and the entire military are at its disposal, including the FBI. 
We are the single most powerful nation in the world, and it is about time we stood up and showed the world that we are no longer going to tolerate Hezbollah and that we are no longer going to tolerate Iran’s working through these third parties to make the people of Israel suffer and live under the conditions under which they are living. 
Let me get to the other crux of this 
It is as I said on CNN, in my commentary, that I was fighting very strongly against—and I talked with the President—and fighting as to how weak the position the Iranian agreement has put us in. Sure, they are going to get a nuclear weapon, probably within the next 9 years. That worries us. 
the real Achilles’ heel in this Iranian agreement is where we simultaneously 
lift up the sanctions on their economy—and they are thriving now—and also unleash $150 billion right away— cash. At the same time, we know that, with this cash, already both Russia and China have signed agreements to get the most sophisticated weapons there are. 
This bill will help us because, in section 201, it very clearly states that the President shall identify any country that is helping to finance the terrorism coming out of Hezbollah. We will be able to track this. We are sending a powerful message with this. Once Iran has this cash, there is no boundary as to what they can use it for. I guarantee you, because Hezbollah is an arm—a very terroristic arm—of Iran, they will channel money there, and that will help us. 
Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. Finally, in my few minutes, ladies and gentlemen, we can’t stop there, because Israel, as I said, is a target, and we have got to put forth a new memorandum of understanding. We need to do this, Members of the House, and we need to do it right away. The President and the executive branch need to go to work and start identifying these people who are providing this support. 
go through right away. We support Israel with a memorandum of understanding in the form of military aid. Right now, it is at $3.1 billion annually; but, ladies and gentlemen, given the circumstances, we need to increase that to $5 billion annually. 
Now, why do I say that? I hope that my previous remarks will 
give support to that. At no time has Israel needed our help as they need it now. This was, in my humble opinion, a weak Iranian agreement. A lot was made out of it as to the United States and Israel. We need to send a powerful, strong message that there is no light between the United States and Israel and that we are going to send $5 billion. 
other point is that our current appropriations for Israel end in 2017. I want to repeat that because I don’t think the people of America know the aid they will get. Where would Israel be? It could have been blown away if they hadn’t had the Iron Dome; but it is because we had an understanding—a memorandum—and because we are giving them $3.1 billion. 
all around the world now—right here in California just last week, in Paris, and all over—we may not think we are 
war has been declared on the United States, on Israel, and on Europe. By George, it is time we declared war back on them. That is why we need to increase this memorandum of understanding to that $5 billion mark for that year, and that will send a powerful message as to how strong Israel and the United States’ relationship is. 
minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SMITH), the chairman of 
the Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, Global Human Rights, and International Organizations. 
First of all, let me thank our distinguished chairman for offering yet another important bill in the fight against terrorism, especially as it relates to Hezbollah. The Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015, has been very adequately explained by both the chairman and the ranking member. I don’t want to be redundant, but it is a very, very important bill that will make a difference. 
Hezbollah, as we all know, is a terrorist organization and is a proxy of the Iranian regime, which directly threatens our close ally Israel as well as ourselves. This bill would help hobble Hezbollah’s ability to finance its terrorist activities, and it is strongly deserving of the support of every Member of this Chamber. 
This bill sends a message to the administration. It seeks to mitigate at least some of the damage that has been unleashed by President Obama’s misguided policy towards Iran, and by an egregiously flawed nuclear arms deal that lifts sanctions that will free up billions of dollars for the regime in Tehran to finance antiAmerican and antiIsrael terror groups, such as Hezbollah. 
organization that has attacked Americans. It not only fires missiles unprovoked—like Hamas—into Israel, but it finances all sorts of terror and bombings, including of U.S. Embassies. Many of the terrorists associated with Hezbollah were involved with the killing of the marines back in the early 1980s. One of those marines was Paul Innocenzi, from my district—from my hometown—who left behind his dear wife and children. She was left a widow, as were many others, by that horrific act of terrorism. 
leadership. I will remind my colleagues that, I think, to date, the chairman has had about 35—three dozen—hearings on Iran and on issues related to Iran. Every aspect of our misguided policy has been focused upon, as have the ideas that seek, to mitigate the damage. This is one of those initiatives. Interdict the money flow, and you can help to stop some of the terrorism. 
Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Colleagues, in closing, we all know 
too well that Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of terror and that its most destructive terrorist tool is Hezbollah. This group’s nefarious activities are not limited to terrorism. They range from drug trafficking to other forms of illicit activity. Hezbollah has transformed into one of the world’s most sophisticated and complex and dangerous terror organizations. 
meet this challenge. On the terror financing front, this bill would move the ball forward by sanctioning foreign banks for knowingly doing business with Hezbollah. The bill would also expose Hezbollah’s television apparatus, as I mentioned before, AlManar, which is used for logistical, propaganda, and fundraising purposes. 
ROYCE and commend all the other people who worked so hard making this a reality. This will be signed into law. This will go to the President’s desk. I think we can all be proud, once again, of the bipartisan way in which the Foreign Affairs Committee works. 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. 
that, yes, indeed, Hezbollah has cost the lives of 260 marines and other U.S. service personnel. 
during the second Lebanon war—during the Hezbollah war, as I would call it— I was in Haifa. At that time, I witnessed what were probably 4,000 to 5,000 rockets being fired over a period of time into Israel and saw firsthand the human cost of this. 
in two attacks. Going down to the trauma hospital and seeing firsthand the 600 victims of those Hezbollah attacks, including the realization that Hezbollah had tunnelled underneath Israel’s territory to bring fighters up within Israel, you see the impact that Iran’s encouragement, money, and training is having on these terrorist fighters, and you see the consequence and the cost in terms of human lives lost. 
after the Gaza conflict, by the way, were in one of these tunnels that came up right outside of a school. This one was coming from Hamas but, again, financed by Iran. The engineering work for the tunnels in Lebanon underneath the border there was, again, done by Iran. 
they are the antiaircraft rockets or the antiship rockets and missiles or the groundtoground missiles, where do they get these rockets? They get them from Iran. When I was in Haifa, there were maybe 15,000 of those rockets. Today, as you know, there are over 
of hearings on this subject. But those 100,000 rockets have a much longer range, again, thanks to Iran. Hezbollah, in the meantime, is gaining in its position and strength monetarily, both from the money it gets from Iran and from its clandestine activities in smuggling. We have an opportunity with this legislation to cut off its international financing. 
their work because we have got to have a strategy that cuts off their illicit activities and that holds other countries and banking systems accountable. We have got to go after the vulnerabilities that Hezbollah has in terms of sustaining this terror network. Let’s cut off their cash and their support system with this legislation. I urge passage. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 2297. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Curtis, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 571. An act to amend the Pilot’s Bill of 
Rights to facilitate appeals and to apply to other certificates issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, to require the revision of the third class medical certification regulations issued by the Federal Aviation Administration, and for other purposes. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3750) to waive the passport fees for first responders proceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suffering from a natural disaster, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Responders Passport Act of 2015’’. 
1 of the Passport Act of June 4, 1920 (22 
U.S.C. 214), is amended, in the third sentence, by inserting after ‘‘to attend a funeral or memorial service for such member;’’ the following: ‘‘from an individual who is operating under a contract, grant, or cooperative agreement with the United States Government, including a volunteer, who is proceeding abroad to aid a foreign country suffering from a natural disaster as determined by the Secretary;’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ) each will control 20 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material for the RECORD . 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Foreign Affairs Committee and the former chairman of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for authoring this very straightforward piece of legislation. 
America’s first responders deploy all over the world. They assist in some of the most difficult and damaged environments that we could only imagine: the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, the 2014 flooding in Paraguay, earlier this year following the earthquake in Nepal. Rushing to the front lines of human need, leaving their own families, they represent the true face of American compassion. 
issue, and his trips to visit these spots speak on an issue that he knows of very well when he says that these brave men and women have saved countless lives on this planet over the years. This bill that he has written, the First Responders Passport Act, is an important amendment to the Passport Act of 1920, allowing the Secretary of State to waive passport fees for those first responders who have volunteered to serve our country and volunteered to travel abroad to aid others in their time of greatest need. 
can only be exercised for a very limited group, largely comprised of officers or employees of the U.S. traveling abroad 
on official duty. What this bill would do is to extend that waiver to include first responders that are working under a contract with the United States Government. 
Development contracts with approximately 450 first responders every year. These first responders are required to maintain a valid passport in case of immediate deployment, which can cost as much as $165 per passport for a first time applicant. These fees are not covered by the USAID contract or the country but, rather, are paid out of pocket by the individual. 
support of our national interests. They are putting their own lives at risk to provide immediate medical response following a natural disaster like the ’04 Indian Ocean earthquake, which unleashed devastating tsunamis on Thailand, Indonesia, and Sri Lanka. 
Many of the first responders that deploy abroad come from the search and rescue teams based in Los Angeles County, California, and Fairfax County, Virginia. Waiving the passport fee for those brave and selfless enough to help those in the greatest need is the least we can do. I commend Congressman ISSAfor doing this. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
I rise in support of this measure. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank 
Foreign Affairs Committee colleagues for their unanimous support in helping our first responders answer the call to service when a natural disaster strikes abroad. 
abroad to help victims of natural disasters in foreign lands, such as the 2010 earthquake in Haiti, the 2008 cyclone in Yemen, and 2015 Hurricane Patricia in Mexico, just to name a few. 
shocked by the images of Nepal’s 7.8 magnitude earthquake that killed over 8,600 and injured over 16,800. The United States was one of the largest donors to the relief and rebuilding effort in the wake of this catastrophe through charitable donations, DOD donations, and search and rescue operations and efforts. The United States’ search and rescue teams searched for survivors trapped in debris. 
put their lives on the line at home and abroad. Mr. Speaker, this is an example of American leadership. Their bravery and efforts do not go unnoticed. We should all do what we can to make their endeavors easier. 
and volunteers, despite being coordinated by USAID, are subject to passport fees at their own expense when attempting to travel abroad in response to these disasters. To alleviate this obstacle, H.R. 3750, the First Responders Passport Act, would allow the Secretary of State to grant their passports free of charge. 
commonsense bill with the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA) because contractors and volunteers deserve the same treatment as government employees when they are being sent abroad to offer their service on behalf of our Nation. 
these brave men and women provide in the face of international disasters, is critical to our international image and international relations. I ask that my colleagues support this bipartisan, commonsense legislation. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ISSA), a senior member of 
the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the author of this bill. 
fashion, to the floor. I want to thank my partner in this legislation, Mr. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. 
makes a lot of todo about it. I don’t want to overstate this simple technical correction, but I don’t want to understate it either. The fact is America is proud of people who volunteer or choose, in the worst possible conditions, to go in harm’s way, to go in devastation’s way. 
It is a small thing, but very meaningful, to say that, one, they won’t have to pay for their passport out of their own pocket, and, two, although normally the contracts for these first responders come out of Los Angeles and Fairfax County, should there be a major disaster again that is beyond these first responders’ capability, the 
law will allow for anyone authorized by the United States Government to go and help in these areas to be granted, as necessary, a passport, including expediting fees, in order to get to the devastation quickly and with a minimum of bureaucracy involved. 
Japan, and so many other devastated areas over the last few years. Until today, America never took the time to simply say in this small way thank you to our first responders: Thank you for what you do. We certainly appreciate it enough for it to come out of the taxpayers’ pocket to make sure it doesn’t have to come out of your own pocket when you are going, on behalf of the American people, to help those in need around the world. 
leadership in bringing this in a timely fashion. I urge support. 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. 
now more than ever. Yes, this has a military component, it has an international relations and diplomacy component, and it also has this soft power component. 
Mr. Speaker, this is a part of the soft 
power of the United States, harnessing the idealism and volunteerism of our people to do good for others around the world when they are most in need. This is a rather simple step that we can take to help those who are helping others. I am proud to support it, and I ask that all Members support our legislation. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Representative ISSA and also Representative B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania. I think that this bill, this First Responders Passport Act, is going to be an important change in the law in terms of encouraging people to be first responders. 
By extending a courtesy that we currently grant to employees of the government, we here have an opportunity to get first responders who have that expertise, those volunteers who travel the greatest distances to work in the harshest of conditions and to help those in greatest need. This, to me, I think is a great concept. 
bill so that we can take care of those who take care of others, our first responders. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2241) to direct the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 4 years, the Administrator of the United 
States Agency for International Development shall submit to Congress a report on the development and use of global health innovations in the programs, projects, and activities of the Agency. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. S IRES) 
Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Innovation Act introduced by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES). I would just point out that, over the 
past two decades, we have made unprecedented progress in addressing some of the most difficult global health challenges of our time. Global rates of child mortality have dropped by 53 percent. Malaria deaths are down by 47 percent. Maternal mortality has been reduced by 44 percent. The eradication of polio is within reach. 
a long way to go. The Ebola outbreak in West Africa should serve as a stark reminder of the global threat of infectious disease. Though child and maternal mortality rates have been drastically reduced, there are still 5.9 million children under the age of 5 who died from preventable causes in 2015. There were 830 mothers who died from preventable causes every day. I have been to Africa and have often seen the disastrous effects of these diseases. 
and Center for Accelerating Innovation and Impact is working to address these global health challenges by bringing together science, technology, innovation to develop lowcost, highimpact health technologies. 
these efforts while bettering congressional oversight. It directs the administrator of USAID to submit to Congress five annual reports on the development and use of global health innovations in its programs, particularly those relating to HIV/AIDS, to maternal and child health and to combating infectious diseases. 
member of the Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere, for bringing this forward in a timely manner. 
I urge Members to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of 
Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this measure. 
I want to start by thanking Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member 
and their efforts to bring this bill to the floor. 
Members who have cosponsored this bill, especially Congressman MARIO 
the staffers who worked diligently to bring H.R. 2241 to the floor for a vote. 
conditions still claim the lives of nearly 9 million people each year. Emerging health threats, such as drug resistance, pose a serious threat to human health across the globe. 
health tools are desperately needed. Progress cannot be made without a sustained investment in research and development. 
U.S. investments in global health research are central components of U.S. 
foreign policy to increase national security, strengthen U.S. relations around the world, and reduce infectious diseases. 
global health research through agencies like USAID. That is why I was proud to introduce H.R. 2241, the Global Health Innovation Act. This will provide the oversight needed to gain a clearer picture of USAID’s global health research and development. 
Over the years, research and development projects have greatly expanded at the USAID, searching for advancements toward an HIV and AIDSfree generation and preventable maternal and childhood deaths, and preventable infectious diseases. 
up with the scope of USAID’s expanded efforts and ensure their research and development activities reflect their goals and priorities. This report asks them to provide clarity on their goals and metrics to better understand their work. 
H.R. 2241 directs the USAID administrator to report annually to Congress on the development and use of global health innovations in USAID programs, projects, and activities. The report must also include how the Agency measures progress, investments, and developments toward their healthrelated goals. 
I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 2241 to allow Congress to exercise its oversight powers and ensure USAID’s research and development efforts reflect their priorities. 
once again. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2241. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE. Mr. Speaker, the Global 
Health Innovation Act will enable Congress to conduct more effective oversight of USAID’s effort to develop and expand access to lowcost, highimpact health technologies. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the 
rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2241, as amended. 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4239) to require intelligence community reporting on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, the Director of National Intelligence, consistent with the protection of intelligence sources and methods, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad. 
who have traveled or are suspected of having traveled to the terrorist safe haven since 2011, including the countries of origin of such foreign fighters. 
who have left the terrorist safe haven or whose whereabouts are unknown. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ) and the 
gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill, H.R. 4239. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
There was no objection. Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
of the greatest threats facing our Nation today. As a member of both the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Committee on Armed Services, I have seen how the brave men and women of our Nation’s Armed Forces and the intelligence services battle this threat on a daily basis. 
San Bernardino has highlighted that this is not just a threat to be faced by our servicemen and women. We face this threat here at home, in our communities, from individuals who have been radicalized abroad and entered our country with the intent to do us harm. 
We must focus our intelligence efforts and bring them to bear directly on the problem of individuals radicalizing abroad and traveling to commit terrorist acts here at home. We must ensure that this important information gets into the hands of our Nation’s representatives here in the United States Congress. 
do just that. The Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act requires the intelligence community to report to Congress three important categories of information: 
who have traveled to terrorist safe havens, including their country of origin; 
who have left terrorist safe havens or whose whereabouts are unknown. 
This information is crucial to policymakers. It will help Members understand the size and scope of the threats we face, the potential risk of terrorism at home, and how terrorist safe havens can undermine our national security. 
goes to a wide range of congressional committees, the bill ensures that relevant committees of Congress can begin to address this growing threat. 
want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) for cosponsoring this legislation. 
and my colleagues on Homeland Security, Chairman MCCAUL and Ranking 
Before closing, I want to take a moment to thank the men and women of 
community and our Armed Forces. I am honored to know so many of them in the course of my oversight work and to see their diligent efforts in helping to keep our Nation safe. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the chairman of its CIA Subcommittee. 
I serve as the subcommittee’s ranking member. I appreciate the bipartisan way that the chairman of the whole committee and our ranking member, Mr. SCHIFF , as well as the way 
that Mr. L OBIONDO and I have approached this critical issue of foreign fighter flow. 
facing the United States today. Defeating ISIS means that the United States and its allies must be more coordinated in our efforts to scrub ISIS from this Earth and to protect Americans at home than ISIS is in attacking us. This will require a multifaceted approach, involving both foreign policy and the way that our intelligence community tracks ISIS here at home. 
who travel to and from a foreign zone or a terrorist safe haven and then return to wreak havoc in the West is both real and persistent. 
The challenge is that, when these foreign fighters go to these countries, if they are not killed on the battlefield, oftentimes they learn even better training and are able to return either to Western Europe or other parts of the world or even the United States with improved training and an increased hatred for innocent people. That leaves us very vulnerable. 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act builds on important provisions in the 2016 Intelligence Authorization Act which require a report on foreign fighter flows into and out of Syria and Iraq. This would expand the scope of that report. 
by calling on the Director of National Intelligence to report regularly on foreign fighter travel to and from any foreign safe haven or terrorist safe haven. If we do not know who is going to fight in these hot zones, we will have an incomplete picture of our own vulnerabilities. 
And, these reports have to be specific. They must include, for example, the foreign fighters’ countries of origin, the number of foreign fighters who have traveled to or departed each safe haven, and the number of those whose whereabouts remain unknown. 
submitted in a classified form, it must also include an unclassified summary 
of the report’s contents. I appreciate the chairman agreeing to my request to include this unclassified requirement. 
awareness is very important in the fight against terrorism. These broad, comprehensive reports will allow us to better understand the foreign fighter threat and, in turn, help all of us better protect our national security. 
urge my colleagues to vote in support of the Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. 
3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. MCSALLY ). 
today in support of H.R. 4239, the Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. This legislation fulfills a recommendation of the Committee on Homeland Security’s Task Force on Combating Terrorist and Foreign Fighter Travel, of which I was proud to be a member. In fact, our chairman, Mr. KATKO , and another 
Our bipartisan task force investigated America’s security vulnerabilities for 6 months. We produced a final report in September that made 32 key findings and over 50 recommendations to make Americans safer. Today’s bill, which I cosponsored, is the direct result of one of these recommendations. 
We know that ISIS is adept at propaganda and has used social media extensively to attract fighters to their cause. At least 30,000 people from 100 different countries have traveled to Iraq and Syria, including 250 Americans. But their calls to action now extend past Syria and Iraq. In fact, our Task Force found ISIS now has a direct presence, affiliates, or groups pledging support in at least 19 countries. 
six deployments to the Middle East and Afghanistan and a final assignment at U.S. Africa Command, we watched foreign fighters flow to safe havens in Africa and the Middle East to get training and join the Islamic extremist fight. ISIS has accelerated this dangerous dynamic and is expanding, despite the President declaring otherwise. So our efforts to track these fighters should not be limited to Iraq and Syria. That is why our Task Force recommended that the intelligence community regularly track and update Congress on foreign fighter flows to all terrorist sanctuaries, which is what this bill requires. 
ISIS can only be described as anemic. We must take decisive action to defeat the ISIS threat and protect Americans. 
the House has taken action on several of our Task Force’s recommendations. It is obvious that more work remains. And if the President won’t act, the 
I urge all Members to join me in supporting H.R. 4239. 
Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. SCHIFF ), 
Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act, and I want to thank Chairman LOBIONDO , Representative 
chairman, Mr. N UNES , for their leadership on this issue. 
and the public on one of the most pressing counterterrorism challenges we face today: the flow of foreign fighters from the West to and from Syria, Iraq, and other terrorist safe havens. 
dangers posed by citizens of Western nations who can move easily between countries, traveling to Syria and Iraq to fight with ISIS, and who may then return home to commit horrific acts of terror and violence in their own countries. 
Tracking foreign fighters is a constant concern of the intelligence community and an issue on which we receive continual briefings. I believe these new reporting requirements will help keep Congress and the Nation more fully informed about this very serious threat to our national security. 
not enough. We have to redouble our efforts to staunch the flow of foreign fighters to and from Syria and Iraq. In addition to intelligence coordination, this requires a serious, substantial, and new commitment from Turkey, whose border with Syria has proven to be a conduit for a large number of fighters, as well as oil, money, and arms entering and leaving Syria. 
there is a 60mile stretch along the TurkishSyrian border through which much of the illegal trafficking in fighters and goods flow to ISIS. Turkey must close that border to ISIS. It has the power to do so, but does it have the will? Thus far, the answer has been, tragically, no, and this must change. 
fighters from crossing into Syria to join the fight. Where the Turks have been unable or unwilling to stop that flow, Kurdish forces have stepped up and demonstrated much greater success. I believe that if the Turks are unwilling to do more to shut down the flow of foreign fighters and resources that cross that border, we should increase our assistance to the Kurds, who have proven themselves far and away the most effective antiISIS fighting force in the region. 
leadership on this issue. I hope that, in addition to these reports, we will also hear from the intelligence community 
close down this critical 60mile stretch of border between the Mara line and the Euphrates. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HURD). 
both the capabilities and the intent to attack the homeland. ISIS has expanded far beyond Iraq and Syria. It has affiliates that have carried out deadly attacks in Egypt, Libya, Afghanistan, Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, and France. 
their support to ISIS in numerous other places, including the Philippines, the Palestinian territories, Nigeria, and Sudan. Tracking foreign fighters who travel to Iraq and Syria alone is not enough to mitigate the threat they pose to our national security. Terrorist safe havens around the globe are potential petri dishes for bad guys aiming to do bad things to the U.S. 
ISIS has explicitly encouraged fighters who cannot make it to Iraq and Syria to join their struggle in other locations. It is imperative that our intelligence and defense efforts aim at tracking and stemming the flow of fighters to and from all terrorist safe havens, even those outside of Iraq and Syria. 
CIA, and I understand how important it is to track threat indicators early. We cannot wait until one of these foreign fighters in a terrorist safe haven attempts an attack. We must preempt rather than react. This legislation supports our intelligence community’s efforts to do just that. 
Speaker, I thank my colleague from Texas for his service in the intelligence community, and I appreciate the bipartisan nature of this bill. 
Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise in support of our Nation’s security and in our ongoing fight against terrorists and extremism around the world. As a Member who serves on the Intelligence Committee, the safety and security of the American people is my top priority. 
Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act, requires the intelligence community to report on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad. 
that occurred in Paris, Beirut, and here at home in San Bernardino, California, not only shake our very conscience, but also cause us to evaluate our own security measures and intelligence protocols. 
tracking foreign fighters outlined in the Intelligence Authorization Act, and 
requires the DNI to produce an additional written report on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad every 180 days. Each report would include invaluable details, such as countries of origin, the numbers of U.S. citizen foreign fighters, and the numbers of foreign fighters whose whereabouts are unknown to us. 
the United States from the battlefields in Iraq and Syria are serious, and we must do what we can to prevent it. I am convinced that a more vigilant and robust foreign fighter tracking and reporting process is critically important to fighting terrorism and combating ISIS abroad, as well as extremism here at home. 
We must evaluate our national counterterrorism strategy and policies continuously to ensure that we are doing everything within our power to protect the American people and to defeat and destroy ISIS and all terrorists that seek to do us harm. 
their leadership on this effort, and I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). 
like to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for introducing this bill, and I rise today in support of it. 
have brought ISIS violence to our shores. Attacks like this are aimed at undermining our democratic way of life and sowing fear among the citizens of our Nation. This threat must be defeated, plain and simple. To defeat it, we need to respond in an intelligent manner that deals with the vulnerabilities and protects the constitutional liberties that we hold dear. 
strengthens our hand against terrorism, and I hope the House will join today in a strong, bipartisan manner to support this bill. 
I had the privilege of chairing the bipartisan Task Force on Combating Terrorism and Foreign Fighter Travel. Over 6 months, we investigated security gaps at home and abroad to determine the best ways to make America safe. We heard from stakeholders here in the United States, Europe, and the Middle East, about the unique challenges they face every day in combating terrorism. 
with 32 findings and over 50 recommendations that will make our country and our allies safer, if adopted. This bill, Mr. Speaker, contains one of those recommendations, that our intelligence community should report regularly on the flow of foreign fighters to terrorist safe havens. 
practice of encouraging fighters to go to what it calls provinces in places like Libya to carry out acts of terrorism by 
improving the sharing of information on the flow of these foreign fighters between nations. 
safe havens are and tracking and analyzing foreign fighter flows will better allow our intelligence agencies and the Department of Defense to strike effectively and deadly and give us a better picture of the ISIS threat. 
with our families, let’s leave having taken action on this commonsense bill that will make every American safer. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ). 
Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, which I believe is critical to our national security and that of our allies. 
30,000 foreign fighters, including some from the United States, have traveled to Iraq and Syria. 
Americans watched as three teenage girls from Denver were arrested on their way to Syria. Ten young men from Minnesota were arrested—including the ringleader just last week—for a similar attempt. 
Speaker, and many others who make it to Syria, intend to carry out terrible atrocities against innocent people. Even more concerning, we know that some people hope to return and bring their fight to American soil. 
As a member of the House Intelligence Committee, I have confidence that the men and women in our intelligence community have the resources and expertise to keep us safe. 
fighters around the world, coordinating with our allies, and shutting down threats before they become a reality. We need to better understand this threat to create a wholeofgovernment response. 
help us conduct outreach into affected communities here at home so we can show parents what their kids are doing online and how to protect them from radicalization. 
our support and coordination with our allies, including Turkey and Iraq, to show them what they can do, what we can do, and combine our efforts to stop these fighters. 
These reports, mandated in this legislation, will show where terrorists are coming from and where they train. It will help us assess when they may be returning home and what precautions we need to put in place. In light of the attacks in San Bernardino and Paris, this is absolutely critical. 
hard work on this legislation. And I want to thank the House Intelligence Committee for working closely with my committee to get this important legislation done. I can think of no more timely piece of legislation. I want to thank Ranking Member SWALWELL  
from California for his hard work on this as well. 
bill. Hundreds of our people have been radicalized, lured to the jihadist safe haven in Syria. They have been joined by thousands of Westerners, forming a terrorist army unlike anything we have ever seen. 
These foreign fighters represent a triple threat: They strengthen groups like ISIS on the ground; they radicalize others back home; and, worst of all, they may be sent back to conduct terrorist attacks against us in the homeland. 
where battlehardened extremists returned from Syria prepared to kill. And here at home, we have arrested so called returnees from Syria, including one individual plotting a terrorist attack in Ohio. 
Earlier this year, I launched a bipartisan congressional Task Force on Combating Terrorists and Foreign Fighter Travel. One of their findings was that we must do more to track ‘‘the great jihadi migration’’ around the world. 
Our intelligence about foreign fighters in Syria is improving, but as we have seen, the threat can change almost overnight. ISIS is already urging its followers to go to its other sanctuaries in places like Afghanistan and Libya. 
We need to stay a step ahead of this 
threat, which is why this legislation requires the intelligence community to track extremist travel patterns and to report on a regular basis to Congress. It also requires agencies to monitor the number of U.S. citizens in terror hotspots and to report on how many individuals have departed those locations. 
This is the kind of earlywarning intelligence we need in order to create a ‘‘firebreak’’ to slow the spread of Islamist terror, and to keep Americans from being lured to new jihadist safe havens. 
force for their hard work on this, including Mr. KATKO . 
And let me just say this. I get regular threat briefings, and I have never seen a higher threat environment than we have seen since 9/11, and it is from the flow of foreign fighters. 
Western passports, 30,000 foreign fighters from 100 different countries; 250 Americans have left to join the fight, and, Mr. Speaker, that is just who we know about. Now we know they are communicating in dark space. As the Director of the FBI says, they have one simple message: Come to fight in Syria or kill where you are. Unfortunately, we have seen them too often come to fight in Syria and, unfortunately, just recently, too many that have come to kill here in the United States. 
Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ). 
trying times, Congress needs to provide leadership and answer the question: What really keeps Americans safe? 
passport holders to launch attacks at home and abroad, and this threat requires our vigilance. But it is foolish to think we can effectively combat this terrorism blindly. Congress needs an accurate estimation of the number of foreign fighters who have traveled to terrorist havens like Syria. We need to know how many U.S. citizens are currently there, and we need to know the whereabouts of those who have left. 
attackers were European nationals, the need for this intelligence is crucial in the fight against ISIS and those who wish to harm the U.S. 
Terrorist Safe Havens Act provides for a more clear understanding of the real threats to U.S. security and allows Congress to work in partnership with our national security agencies to defend against these threats. I am happy to support this commonsense step to keep Americans safe. 
no additional speakers on this side, so I reserve the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Again, I want to thank the gentleman from New Jersey for working in a bipartisan way to address one of the greatest threats that the United States, our allies, and people in the Middle East face today, and that is ISIS. ISIS is a brutal, growing force, growing in its influence and ability to carry out successful terrorist attacks, but also growing in its ability to inspire others to take up attacks on their own. 
days that they don’t even have to order attacks here in America. Their success has inspired others to take up their own attacks. Until we are as coordinated as they are, they will continue to be successful. We saw, in Paris, that a number of the attackers were people who had traveled from Western Europe to Syria and then returned to carry out the horrific attacks we saw back in November. 
But we can defeat ISIS. We have defeated evil as a country before, and this country works best when its leaders work to protect the American people in a bipartisan way, as we are seeing today. There is no silver bullet we can fire 
to stop ISIS. Instead, ISIS’ defeat will come at the hands of American leadership—American leadership in stitching together a coalition of countries willing and able to defeat ISIS—but also American leadership and its own intelligence community to protect us here at home. 
Mr. Speaker, let me close by reiterating my strong support for the Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist 
Safe Havens Act. The information that this will provide is an important step regarding foreign fighter training, and it will be of great importance as we continue to fight terrorism at home and abroad and secure our homeland. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LOBIONDO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
colleague from California (Mr. SWALWELL ). I think the approach we 
have had to this is exactly what we need in combating terrorism. 
It is hard to imagine, even just a few 
years ago, that we would be facing this threat that we face today and this threat of terrorism that we have seen, this barbaric face in Paris and in San Bernardino, the fact that the enemy is evolving in so many different ways, and the fact that we have to be right 100 percent of the time and that they have so many different avenues that they can pursue. 
piece to the puzzle which will help our country and our agencies be able to figure things out. Our intelligence community works tirelessly with law enforcement to be able to figure out what the next challenge is. 
I hope the people of America understand the expertise and professionalism that the intelligence community and law enforcement bring to the table to keep our country safe. I hope my colleagues understand how important this legislation is and everyone votes ‘‘yes’’ to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. TIPTON). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4239, as amended. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
INFORMATION SHARING AND COORDINATION IN OUR PORTS ACT OF 2015 
cybersecurity information sharing and coordination at ports in the United States, and for other purposes, as amended. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015’’. 
The Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Commandant of the Coast Guard, shall direct— 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ) and the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. T ORRES ) 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Michigan? 
There was no objection. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
the U.S. Congress has appropriated $2.4 billion in port security grant funds to protect port facilities against potential terror attacks. As a nation, we have done a fairly good job of updating the physical security at ports, but the U.S. Government has been very slow to ensure that our ports are secure from cyber vulnerabilities. 
Nation’s critical infrastructure has been on the Government Accountability Office’s High Risk List since 2003, yet we have not fully engaged on cybersecurity efforts at the Nation’s 
and, when addressing the protection of maritime critical infrastructure, we must clearly define the roles and responsibilities for ensuring our Nation’s ports are protected. 
Security Act of 2002, the Coast Guard is identified as the government agency responsible for ensuring the physical security at our Nation’s port infrastructure. This bill makes it clear that the Coast Guard is also the primary agency responsible for ensuring the maritime sector is prepared to prevent and to respond to cybersecurity risk and vulnerability. 
cars, to oil, to corn, and everything in between—move through our Nation’s 
seaports each and every year. Like many industries in America, port facilities and ship operators are increasingly moving cargo through our ports using automated industrial control systems. 
a lot of benefits, such as reducing the time that it takes to stock our shelves and lowering the cost of doing business, it doesn’t come without risks. These computer systems are controlling machinery at port facilities to move containers and fill tanks and onload and offload ships. 
Terror groups, nationstates, criminal organizations, hackers, and even disgruntled employees could breach these systems, with potentially catastrophic results to the Nation’s security and economy. 
particularly concerning, not only from an economic standpoint, but because the dangerous cargos, such as liquefied natural gas and other dangerous cargos, that also pass through our Nation’s seaports are at risk. 
Just as we have hardened physical security at our Nation’s ports, we need to do the same in virtual space to protect the systems critical to the maritime transportation system against malicious actors. This bill does just that, and it requires the Coast Guard to develop a comprehensive cyber risk assessment specific to the vulnerabilities of the maritime industry. It directs the Secretary of Homeland Security to encourage participation with information sharing to better streamline coordination at the national level. 
H.R. 3878 is a bipartisan piece of legislation, introduced by my colleague from California (Mrs. TORRES ), and I 
give her great credit for this piece of legislation, working with so many Members on this. It actually is the result of a hearing held by the Homeland Security Subcommittee that I chaired back in October on the subject of cybersecurity at our Nation’s ports. 
Homeland Security’s role in maritime cybersecurity as well as it ensures that port facilities work with the Coast Guard to identify cyber risks and vulnerabilities and share best practices across the industry. This is the first step, Mr. Speaker, in protecting our ports from cyber threats, and I certainly urge my colleagues to join this commonsense, bipartisan legislation. 
Again, I want to thank the gentlewoman from California for her work on this issue. 
3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act. 
Our Ports Act, to ensure the Department of Homeland Security takes a more proactive approach to address cybersecurity risks at our Nation’s ports and to improve cybersecurity information sharing and coordination between public and private partners at maritime facilities. 
360 commercial sea and river ports which use cyber technology to move over $1 trillion worth of cargo each year. The Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach and other ports in California account for almost 40 percent of the cargo entering this country, and nearly 30 percent of the country’s exports leave through California ports. 
The Port of Los Angeles is the number one port by container volume and cargo value in the United States, seeing around $1.2 billion worth of cargo each day. Each year, the Port of Long Beach handles more than 6.8 million 20 foot container units in cargo value at $180 billion and is the second busiest port in the U.S. With so much economic activity happening at our Nation’s ports, protecting the cyber networks they rely on is critical to our local and national economy. 
on Border and Maritime Security on which I serve held a hearing focused on the threat of cyber attacks at a port and how the Coast Guard is working with private and public partners to protect maritime critical infrastructure against such attacks. This is of particular interest to me because many of the goods that enter through the Ports of Long Beach and Los Angeles come directly to my district where the goods are redistributed throughout the Nation. The hearing was called in response to a June 2014 GAO report recommending the Department of Homeland Security take action to strengthen cybersecurity at our Nation’s ports. 
maritime Sector Coordinating Councils are no longer active. These councils include port owners, operators, and related private industry associations. This means that today there is no one entity that coordinates information sharing between the ports, the private sector, and government stakeholders. 
At the October subcommittee hearing, we received testimony that information sharing on cyber risks at ports should be stronger and that some ports lack the resources to prevent, identify, and respond to cyber attacks. To address these challenges, I introduced H.R. 3878, which will require the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Commandant of the U.S. Coast Guard to take several steps to enhance cybersecurity at our ports. 
Specifically, it requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to establish guidelines for reporting cybersecurity risks, to develop and implement a maritime cybersecurity risk model, and to make recommendations on enhancing the sharing of cyber information. It also requires the Coast Guard to direct Area Maritime Security Committees to address cybersecurity risks. These measures will create an environment where DHS, the Coast Guard, ports, and stakeholders work together to enhance cybersecurity at our Nation’s ports. 
Chairwoman M ILLER for their cooperation and the bipartisan nature of the staff discussions on this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3878. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. MILLER of Michigan. Mr. 
Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the distinguished gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ). 
today in support of H.R. 3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015. 
TORRES contains an amendment I offered at committee, which makes an important change to the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002. 
travels through U.S. ports each year, making them a truly critical part of our Nation’s infrastructure. Any disruption or slowdown of activity could have a tremendous impact on the entire economy, costing billions of dollars every day. 
Ensuring the security of our maritime infrastructure is a complex task and one that falls primarily on the United States Coast Guard. However, while the Coast Guard has the history and the expertise to provide physical security, its mission of ensuring that our maritime infrastructure is safe from cyber threats is still evolving. 
Currently, the Maritime Transportation Security Act of 2002 requires vessels and port facilities to conduct vulnerability assessments and develop security plans for physical security, access controls, procedural security measures, and communication systems. My amendment in committee added cybersecurity to that list. This addition will make it crystal clear that the Coast Guard has the specific authority to require maritime vessels and facilities to incorporate cybersecurity into their assessments and plans. 
The need for this change and the underlying legislation was highlighted during a hearing before the Border and Maritime Security Subcommittee on the topic of cybersecurity at our Nation’s ports. In that hearing, we heard how a range of actors—from narcotics traffickers to terrorist organizations, and even nationstates—could exploit cyber vulnerabilities at our ports for the purpose of smuggling illicit materials or causing severe economic disruption. Mr. Speaker, this legislation will ensure that we are better prepared to respond to the growing cyber threat to our Nation’s maritime infrastructure. I thank Representative TORRES for 
offering this legislation and for accepting my amendment at committee. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). 
3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act of 2015. 
represent the Port of Long Beach, which is one of the busiest seaports in the country, is set to handle more than 7 million containers this year, and accounts for nearly 20 percent of all the loaded containers moving throughout our Nation. It is a critical link for trade between our country and Asia and is a linchpin for our national security and our national economy. In other words, the security of the Port of Long Beach is not to be treated lightly. 
nature of the port, but we are now learning about emerging portspecific cyber threats. This body recently took the first steps to fight off the growing threats to our Nation’s cybersecurity with a number of bills and hearings on this topic. I am glad that out of those hearings, our attention now turns to the cybersecurity of our critical infrastructure, including the hundreds of cargo ports in this country. 
As a result of H.R. 3878, we would see 
working groups forming at our ports and coming together to address port specific cybersecurity vulnerabilities. These findings would be shared with appropriate stakeholders, including Federal and local governments, port authorities, terminal operators, as well as law enforcement, in an effort to enhance cybersecurity situational awareness at the ports. 
these working groups will continue to find innovative solutions in response to this emerging threat. Within the working groups, I hope that they will codify key definitions and classification mechanisms and that they will come out of these discussions to ensure the effectiveness of the group. 
Congresswoman T ORRES , for introducing this very important bill. 
Mr. Speaker, as cochair and cofounder of the Congressional PORTS Caucus and also as a representative of the busiest port complex in the Nation, 
In 2013, a report by the Brookings Institution found that there is a serious cybersecurity gap at many of our Nation’s ports, putting them at risk for an attack. A significant cyber attack at one of our major ports could bring commerce in an entire region to a halt and send shock waves throughout the national and global economies. 
This is a problem that needs to be addressed, but unfortunately, we do not have a clear picture of where cybersecurity vulnerabilities exist at our ports. 
my amendment to instruct the Department of Homeland Security to identify gaps in cybersecurity at the Nation’s 10 most atrisk ports and then to make recommendations for how we can address these problems. I am pleased that that amendment has been included in the omnibus that we will be voting on later this week. 
about today expands on this progress and is a great vehicle to identify cybersecurity problems at our Nation’s ports. I would like to commend my colleague Congresswoman TORRES for 
Speaker, I have no further speakers. If the gentlewoman from California is prepared to close, I will then close for our side. 
our understanding of cyber risks at our ports and the countermeasures needed to mitigate them. 
With the increased levels of technology at maritime facilities, all public and private port stakeholders must share information and coordinate efforts to make sure that our Nation’s ports are protected from cyber attacks. 
Again, I appreciate the bipartisan cooperation on this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 3878. 
Speaker, I simply, once again, urge my colleagues to support H.R. 3878. It is a very good bill, and it is a very important bill—again, in a bipartisan way— for the security of our ports and the homeland security of our Nation as well. 
support of H.R. 3878, the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act. 
and stewardship of the Committee on Homeland Security’s work, which includes H.R. 3878. Congresswoman TORRES should be commended for her hard work that led to the introduction of the Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination in Our Ports Act. 
Homeland Security (DHS) to seek to enhance cybersecurity situational awareness and information sharing between maritime security stakeholders, the maritime industry, port owners and operators, which include maritime terminal owners and operators. 
This bill requires DHS to: consult with the Coast Guard to enhance 
participation by the Maritime Information Sharing and Analysis Center in the National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center; and 
Advisory Committee report and make recommendations to DHS on methods to enhance cybersecurity and information sharing between stakeholders. 
security by requiring the agency’s maritime security risk assessments to include cybersecurity risks to ports and the maritime border of the United States. 
global economy. The nation’s economic prosperity rests on the ability of containerized and bulk cargo arriving unimpeded at U.S. ports to support the rapid delivery system that underpins the manufacturing and retail sectors. 
has focused on making sure that our nation is secure and prosperous. 
the ability of our International Ports to move goods into and out of the country. 
The Port of Houston is critical infrastructure: According to the Department of Commerce 
The Port of Houston is a 25milelong complex of diversified public and private facilities located just a few hours’ sailing time from the Gulf of Mexico. 
contributed 1,026,820 jobs and generated more than $178.5 billion in statewide economic impact. 
among U.S. ports as the 1st in foreign tonnage; largest Texas port with 46 percent of market share by tonnage and 95 percent market share in containers by total TEUS in 2014; largest Gulf Coast container port, handling 67 percent of U.S. Gulf Coast container traffic in 2014; and 2nd ranked U.S. port in terms of total foreign cargo value. 
(GAO), reports that this port, and its waterways, and vessels are part of an economic engine handling more than $700 billion in merchandise annually. 
2014 outlined examples of cybersecurity vulnerabilities that are specific to ports. 
The Cyberattacks examined included: Theft of money by deceiving a company into 
transferring large amounts of funds to a bank account owned by criminals; 
In 2013, the FBI issued a warning to maritime companies warning them of a fraud committed against several companies using a maninthemiddle cyberattack that resulted in $1.65 million in losses. 
the email address of a trusted party is co opted or taken over by an unknown 3rd party. The trusted 3rd party makes a request to 
change banking information that should be used to provide payment for legitimate services provided an established business relationship. 
it and quickly close the account so that the funds cannot be retrieved. 
Another malicious attack that does not involve theft of funds can occur if the location of cargo information is deleted by a cyber attacker. 
port could identify where containers were, whether they loaded, nor identify which containers were on ships. 
by companies who are taking receipt of cargo at port locations. 
scanning technology that reads barcodes on containers was corrupted by malware. 
company’s network the corrupted code started a series of automated cyberattacks that searched the company’s network for financial information. 
to gain control of the port terminal system that allowed them to release containers to their own trucks without the knowledge of port authorities. 
This attack is particularly chilling when considering our efforts to protect against weapons of mass destruction in the form of biological, nuclear and chemical weapons from being 
worker automated identification systems would open the door on a host of domestic security issues. 
Our nation has thousands of miles of coastlines, lakes, and rivers and hundreds of ports that provide opportunities for legitimate travel, trade, and recreation. 
At the same time, these waterways offer opportunities for terrorists and their instruments, and drug smugglers to enter our country. 
Cybersecurity at ports must be national priority, for this reason, I ask my colleagues to join me in voting in favor of H.R. 3878. 
DONOVAN ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. MILLER ) that the House 
suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3878, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
declares the House in recess until approximately 2 p.m. today. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 2 p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
699, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
699, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
699, I was inadvertantly detained and missed the vote on H.R. 3750. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4239) to require intelligence community reporting on foreign fighter flows to and from terrorist safe havens abroad, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LOBIONDO ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 423, nays 0, not voting 10, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta 
Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis 
Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers 
Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores 
Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Gutie´rrez 
Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Higgins 
Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee 
Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton 
Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert 
Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Ryan (OH) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanchez, Loretta Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David 
Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, December 16th, I am not recorded on any votes because I was absent due to a death in the family. If I had been present, I would have voted: ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 695, to concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2820—Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Authorization Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 696, passage of H.R. 4246—National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 697, passage of S. 1090—Emergency Information Improvement Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 698, to concur in the Senate Amendment to H.R. 2297— Hizballah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 699, passage of H.R. 3750—First Responders Passport Act of 2015, as amended; ‘‘yea’’, on rollcall 700, passage of H.R. 4239—Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act. 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow. 
TROTT ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to commend the Wayne County High School football team on winning the 5A Mississippi State Football Championship. 
season in a 45–41 victory over the defending State champion, Oxford High School. 
fourstar defensive tackle Benito Jones caught a touchdown pass from Reggie Stewart, putting the War Eagles ahead. Earlier this year, Jones was named a Dandy Dozen, which is a title given to the top 12 high school football players in Mississippi. 
and, most importantly, skill to beat a defending champion on its home turf in Oxford. That is why I congratulate the team, Coach Todd Mangum and his staff, and the parents and administrators for bringing home the State title. 
(Ms. TITUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
the Las Vegas ReviewJournal, which is the largest newspaper in Nevada and is one of the largest in the Southwest, was sold to a group of unknown investors. 
the sale except that the paper was purchased for $140 million by a group of financiers, including some who allegedly have ties to Las Vegas. We know nothing about the group, nothing about its business ties, its political positions, or its potential conflicts of interest. 
Several watchdog and journalistic integrity groups, including the Society of Professional Journalists, have rightly called for the new owners to be transparent and reveal their identities or risk having the quality and value of the information they provide rightly questioned by readers and employees. 
I applaud the many hardworking reporters, editors, photographers, and columnists at the RJ who have protested this lack of transparency and journalistic ethics. 
It is time for the new owners to take 
off their masks and prove they have nothing to hide. 
(Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, being uninsured in the era of ObamaCare is about to get a lot more expensive. The penalty for individuals and families who cannot afford ObamaCareapproved plans will double next year. 
Congress will soon finalize a reconciliation bill that will repeal this punitive individual mandate tax. We urge the President to sign this bill for the sake of American families who can’t afford this penalty. 
can’t afford to buy ObamaCare’s expensive insurance with an equally unaffordable tax, here is a better idea: Let’s give uninsured Americans the freedom to purchase highquality private insurance on a more affordable basis. 
House Republicans have and will continue to offer the American people an alternative to ObamaCare. We call it the American Health Care Reform Act. This legislation, which I helped draft and which I cosponsored, will actually decrease the cost of health care without growing government. 
costly experiment called ObamaCare and to actually focus on solutions that will lower costs and make life easier for the American people. 
(Mr. RUIZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and to honor the life of 26year old Aurora Banales Godoy of San Jacinto, California, whose life was taken in the December 2 terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California. 
‘‘Rora,’’ as she was called by her family, had a caring, loving, and happy personality, and she smiled a lot. She would always lend a helping hand when needed even without being asked. 
School in California and attended culinary school. She worked for the San Bernardino County’s Department of Environmental Health. She married her high school sweetheart, James Godoy, and is mother to Alexander, a beautiful 2yearold boy. 
Rora’s legacy will live on through Alexander’s happy demeanor and smiles. Rora’s passion was to be a great mom and wife. She enjoyed baking, scrapbooking, Disneyland, the Green Bay Packers, and ‘‘Star Wars’’ movies. 
would say, ‘‘What can I do to get through this? Smile. Everything will be okay, and happiness will come back again.’’ 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
has evolved from a regional to a global threat. Boko Haram is one of the world’s deadliest terror groups, and it has pledged allegiance to ISIS. It has also been almost 2 years since Boko Haram kidnapped hundreds of Nigerian schoolgirls. 
leadership in reminding all of us about this tragic terrorist attack. 
right to be concerned by the threat that ISIS poses to our national security and to the world; but we cannot ignore the threat posed by Boko Haram. 
so many other radical Islamic groups are being given the time and space to operate; so we must redouble our efforts to defeat these Islamic extremist groups. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
have had both the sobering and serious responsibility of serving on the Homeland Security Committee since the heinous acts of 9/11. 
I rise today to give comfort to and to 
thank the Los Angeles Consolidated School District for its swift response. I know that the reports of its actions received conflicting commentary, but it had the responsibility for over 600,000 children. I believe, when administrators act seriously, competently, and thoughtfully, they need to know that we appreciate it. 
We live in very difficult and challenging times. It is a horrific person who sends false threats and who frightens the general public; but it is a wise leader who takes it seriously to protect his constituents. In this instance, the Los Angeles Consolidated School District, its superintendent, and all of those involved in making the decision to protect those children did the right thing. 
we here in the United States are continuing to try and define and refine our alert system and to do the kind of intelligence work to provide our local authorities with the right information; but, as a parent, I congratulate them for standing up for the children and making sure that those children and teachers and others were safe. 
trillion in the red. Specifically, our Federal debt, which is a combination of debt held by the public and debt held by government accounts, stands at $18.7 trillion. That means every man, woman, and child owes roughly $58,000 right now, and it will no doubt rise day by day. 
were $5 trillion underwater. Fastforward a few years to when President Obama took office, and we were approximately $10 trillion in debt. Today, we are almost double that. 
I came to Congress to make the difficult decisions to help put our Nation back on the path of growth, because right now I am fearful that my children and my grandchildren will not have the same opportunities. 
It is for these reasons that I have authored and introduced a balanced budget amendment. In fact, 45 States have some type of balanced budget requirement already in law. It is time the Federal Government follows suit. 
from exceeding receipts. It will prevent Congress from raising the debt ceiling. It will prevent the President—any President—from instituting an executive order without first presenting Congress a balanced budget. 
Every business and every family balances their budget. It is time for the Federal Government to do the same. 
today to honor the life of a community leader, Reverend Albert E. Chew, Jr. 
town in east Texas and moved to Fort Worth, where he served as pastor of the Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church for 56 years. I can tell you that, during his time at Shiloh, Reverend Chew not only impacted the Northside community where the church was located, but the greater overall Fort Worth and Tarrant County communities. 
Worth Human Relations Commission, the Missionary Baptist Church General Convention of Texas, and also was one of the early founders of a group, the Black Ecumenical Leadership Alliance, also known as BELA. His church was very committed to the NAACP and often held various NAACP meetings at the church. Reverend Chew, previous to his service in the ministry, was also a veteran of World War II. 
Worth community. He was a great gentleman, a legend. Let’s pray for our friends at the Shiloh Missionary Baptist Church. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today to honor the life of former Minnesota First Lady Gretchen Quie, who, sadly, passed away this past weekend. 
graduated from Central High School before heading to St. Olaf College, where she met her future husband, Al Quie. 
and civic organizations and was by her husband’s side as he served 21 years here in the United States Congress and 4 years as Governor of the State of Minnesota. 
With an eye for art, Gretchen was instrumental in upgrading the Minnesota Governor’s residence and opening it up to the public. She would often host ‘‘Night at the Mansion’’ programs, where Minnesotans were invited to have dinner and then stay the night. 
Minnetonka Lutheran Church and a community leader, serving on a number of nonprofit boards. 
are with Governor Quie, his family, their five children, their 29 grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. 
(Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. LORETTA SANCHEZ of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the accomplishments and the contributions of Reverend Sam Craig, Jr., and to offer my condolences to his family. 
Reverend Craig passed away peacefully on the 29th of November this year. He was 91 years old, and he is survived by his wife, Catherine Caldwell. 
pastor at First Baptist Church in Santa Ana, where he was a member for over 42 years. 
Reverend Craig enlisted in the Marines Corps in 1947, and he served with honor for 22 years. He served in World War II, in the Korean war, and in Vietnam, and eventually retired in 1969 as a warrant officer. 
taught for 17 years in our local Santa Ana Unified School District as both an elementary and a junior high school teacher. 
church, and he had a passion. He had a passion for teaching Bible study and for leading the Mission Society. Reverend Craig’s dedication to education, to community service, and to his faith 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to recognize the service of Charlie Hall as he retires as CEO of AM General after 5 years of leadership of this iconic company, the manufacturer of the Humvee. 
Hall joined AM General as CEO in January 2011 and led a toptobottom revitalization by launching key partnerships with the National Guard and Reserve, bolstering foreign military sales, and diversifying the company’s commercial portfolio. 
deliberative, nononsense leadership style and has never lost track of his top priority, delivering the best, light tactical vehicles on the planet for our men and women in uniform. Under his leadership, AM General has truly been transformed and now stands poised for a very bright future. 
On behalf of the outstanding workforce at AM General and all Hoosiers in the Second Congressional District, I thank Charlie Hall for having such an extraordinary impact on this company and for serving as a role model for the next generation of leaders in our community. I wish him and his family the very best in his retirement. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today I rise to honor an American patriot and hero. On December 10, 2015, Brigadier General Herbert Jack Lloyd was called home to be with his Savior, away from the war and strife he knew most all of his adult life. 
United States Army, moving from private to brigadier general, commanding at entry level from squad leader to assistant division commander. On July 16, 2014, General Lloyd was inducted into the Army Ranger Hall of Fame. Brigadier General Lloyd has received numerous decorations throughout his service, including three combat jumps with the 6th Vietnamese Parachute Battalion, two Silver Stars, seven Bronze Stars, and two Purple Hearts. 
on the godly, courageous, and patriotic life lived by General Lloyd, I will simply read a sentence from the General’s obituary that he wrote himself: ‘‘If there is nothing worth dying for—in this sense—there is nothing worth living for.’’ I believe this speaks directly to who General Lloyd was as a man. He lived his life in complete service to God, country, and family. 
to his son, Mark; daughterinlaw, Beth; and his grandchildren, Hannah and Matthew. May the general’s example and memories continue to live on in Hope, Arkansas, and around the world. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
today is Wear Red Wednesday to bring back our girls. 
for the holidays, we must think of the Nigerians whose celebrations will be tempered by fear and sorrow. Think of the Nigerian Christians fearful of fully celebrating Christmas and attending their places of worship, haunted by the Boko Haram Christmas Day church bombings of years past. 
Think of the families that were devastated 611 days ago by the kidnapping of the Chibok girls. For these families, Christmas is a sobering reminder that their precious sisters and daughters are gone. 
their families in your Christmas prayers this year. Pray that next year they will enjoy a peaceful and joyous Christmas together. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from California (Mr. SWALWELL ) is recognized for 
60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Speaker, I rise today to kick off the latest Future Forum Special Order hour. Today we will be talking about something of unique importance to millennials across the United States and, in fact, the world: climate change and what we do about it. 
across our country. We have Congressman BOYLE from the Philadelphia area, 
Congressman L IEUfrom the Los Angeles area, and Congressman G ALLEGO  
unique and important to millennials? Well, they know that the very world in which they live—and the one that we will give to our children—is in danger of experiencing catastrophic environmental changes. It is our future that is on the line, and it is our future that is in danger. 
this to participate in the conversation at #futureforum, and I will engage our 
Los Angeles area, a place where young people are thriving and young people across the world are moving to, what are you hearing from millennials in the Los Angeles area? 
month and we talked to students at the University of California, San Diego, and we had a word cloud? This is where you ask participants in the audience to text in what issue is most important to them, and the one that is more important gets bigger and bigger in font size. As you can see here in this photograph, climate was the number one issue on the minds of people down in San Diego. Is that what you are hearing in the Los Angeles area? 
I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. TEDLIEU). 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Absolutely. That is why I am very pleased and proud that the University of California system became the first, and currently the only, university to be a part of Bill Gates’ breakthrough energy fund. 
California to mitigate carbon pollution. As you know, California passed the Global Warming Solutions Act last decade, and it is one of the strongest laws in the world. One of the first bills I authored seeks to replicate California’s laws nationwide. 
millennials because it is going to directly affect you in the coming decades. It is going to affect our children and grandchildren. So we need to make sure that we mitigate carbon pollution. 
All of us are busy. We all deal with a 
thousand issues, but carbon pollution is the one issue that can kill humanity as a species if we don’t do anything about it. 
to me is that for millennials, when polled or asked about climate change, it is not a partisan issue. In this House, it feels quite like a partisan issue. 
Across the country from Los Angeles, is addressing climate change a partisan issue, and what are you hearing from millennials in the Philadelphia area? 
I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE ). 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. First, I just want to commend the gentleman Mr. SWALWELL for his 
excellent leadership when it comes to this issue of utmost importance to our generation, but also to all the other issues that face our generation, especially the student loan debt issue that he and I have spoken about a number of times here on this House floor. 
should not be a partisan issue. Indeed, in Europe, for decades, centreright parties acknowledged and still to this day acknowledge the existence of global climate change and work to address it. 
it has, unfortunately, become a partisan issue. Yet, what is so interesting is that, when I go about my district in Philadelphia and in suburban Philadelphia and Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, and I speak specifically to smallbusiness owners, smallbusiness owners, by the way, at least half of whom are probably Republican, each and every one of them is talking to me about ways and investments that they are making to ensure that they can get more bang for their buck when it comes to energy and things that they are doing, investments that they are making to ensure that we do better as far as the environment, yet at the same time also reduce costs. 
I did a tour back in the spring of a 
major company in my district that has made a massive investment in terms of solar panels on the roofs. This is a major facility, a familyowned business. This is not an insignificant amount of money they have spent in terms of this investment. They would not be doing so if they thought this was a hoax. They would not be doing so if they thought, by transitioning to renewables, they are able to bring down their energy costs and pour more money back into their business. 
House, this false dichotomy between doing what is right for our economy and doing what is right for our climate and for the next generation. The fact is, if we are smart and show the best of American ingenuity, we can do both. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Congressman GALLEGO , I am curious. You 
look at this poster board, and we see that 73 percent of people aged 18 to 29 believe that the Earth is warming. Clearly, 73 percent of people in that age range are not Democrats. They are not Republicans. In fact, young people are quite independent minded. 
congressional district in the Phoenix area believe that the Earth is warming and that mankind is not only responsible for that, but has an obligation to do something about it? 
are always used to pretty warm weather. Of course, as of late, we actually have noticed it has actually gotten a lot, lot warmer, and we are worried. 
will meet a lot of people from all demographic backgrounds, especially Latino and African American communities, that are particularly worried. These are the communities that are growing still, a very young population, but also, unfortunately, tend to have less money. 
What that means is, when it gets hotter—and it continues to get hotter in Arizona—and they are going to have to 
pay for higher airconditioning costs or are going to have to pay more for water service, they are the ones who are going to be directly impacted by climate change. 
of the Latino in Arizona is about 25— have to see into the future. What they see in the future is a State and a country that is warmer, that has less water, and that did not make the kind of energy investments that we could have done for many years. 
not have the vision for the new energy future. That is why you see those high numbers. Those high numbers are a direct reflection of young millennials who really, truly care about the future and are projecting into the future what they think is important for stability of not just this country, but the population on Earth. 
statistic, in the Los Angeles area, there is a lot that young people are doing with startups, especially in clean energy. 
I had the opportunity to visit an incubator hub, thousands of square feet where they are working in Los Angeles in the Arts District to try and solve some of the greatest climate challenges we have through renewable energy sources. 
What are you seeing as far as innovation in your area where people are saying: You know what. This is not a false choice between fossil fuels and doing nothing about it? Are you seeing something there at home? 
California passed our landmark Global Warming Solutions Act, we had huge investments in green energy actually come into the State. California has now been a leader in green technology in terms of solar, in terms of biofuels and other technologies. 
come to California. It really has helped to jumpstart parts of our community. I agree with Representative BOYLE . It 
is a false choice between the economy and climate mitigation. You can do both. 
I also do want to note that it is not 
just young people who realize this. You have also now organizations that you traditionally would not call progressive coming on board, saying that carbon pollution is a problem. You have got the Catholic Church saying that we need to address climate change now. You have got the U.S. military. 
military is it is exceptional, it is amazing, because it actually deals with facts. The U.S. military takes the world as it is, not as they think it should be or in some fantasyland. When the U.S. military looked at the science and the facts, they said that this is a national security problem. 
events. We are going to have food shortages in other parts of the world 
causing migrations, causing conflicts. In terms of the U.S. military’s own fuel use, it is very difficult to transport a lot of fuel over long distances. They are actually looking at renewables, at solar, at other renewable sources. 
here today, one of the world’s largest oil companies, ExxonMobil, believes in climate change. They believe it is caused by the burning of fossil fuels, and they support a price on carbon. Now, we wish it didn’t take them over three decades to come to this position, but that is their position today. 
am going to say it very loudly. ExxonMobil believes in climate change. For those who don’t, you may want to think what does that oil company know that you don’t. 
companies believe in climate change, you can, too. I think that is the message here today. 
over a hundred countries, thousands of world leaders, gathered to declare what over 98 percent of the scientific community has always known, which is that climate change is real. Man has caused it, and we must do something about it. 
The reaction in my congressional district has been one of enthusiasm. People are happy to see that internationally this is being addressed. It is not just the United States. It is not just the giants, but every country across the globe is recognizing this. 
What are you hearing at home, Congressman BOYLE , about the Paris talks 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Well, the first thing is the fact that 194, 195 nations or so from all around the world could come together and agree on one document as ambitious as this one is is truly inspiring 
not just on the issue of climate change, but, indeed, as we look at all the other immense challenges that we face as a human race. 
for this issue, but it also shows what we can do together if our hearts are in the right place and we are dedicated toward saving this planet. 
I also just want to follow up on something that Mr. LIEUsaid, which is a 
great point in terms of talking about the broader coalition of people who want action on this incredibly important issue. 
list, and that is the insurance companies. Insurance companies, especially on the East Coast, especially in south Florida and the entire Florida peninsula, have a great deal of exposure at stake. 
20 years from now, not 100 years from now—as we speak, there are parts of Florida, there are parts of Virginia Beach, that are flooding when it is not even raining. These are real consequences that we have to deal with. 
area, in New York, New Jersey, I never imagined we would be riding out a hurricane and having to deal with the aftereffects—3 years later still dealing with those aftereffects, by the way— and the price tag for that for insurance companies was absolutely enormous. 
One thing that we all need to consider—and this is a really shocking statistic, but sadly true—last month, November of 2015, was the warmest month in recorded history. Those records have gone back since 1880. We know that this is not a 1month phenomenon, that indeed it is just a continuation of the trend that we have been dealing with. 
to make this a partisan issue and part of the usual food fight that too often goes on around here, this issue is going to face Democrats, Republicans, Independents, every single person in our country, every single person on Earth. 
of this and that we come together on a comprehensive solution that balances, yes, our economic needs with, also, our needs to tackle this issue, the better off all Americans will be. 
glad that you mentioned, Congressman LIEU, the work that is being done in 
Iraq, and you are a member of the Committee on Armed Services right now. I strongly believe that drilling our way out of this is not going to produce the energy results that we need, and, of course, as we know, it will be harmful to the Earth, that there are actually ways through innovation. 
always done. We have innovated our way out of the problems that have challenged us. Whether it comes to wind, solar, alternative fuel cells, we are doing that from a national security posture. 
Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and Sandia National Laboratory. At Sandia, they are doing work with oil companies at what is called the combustion research facility, where they are trying to make the automobile engine more efficient. At Lawrence Livermore, at the national emission facility, which is the largest and most energetic inertial confinement fusion device built to date and the largest laser in the world, fusion holds the promise of providing a practically limitless supply of clean energy to the world. 
worked in the military, defending our country before, somebody who overseas the military now in Congress, what can we do from a national security posture to address climate change? 
recognize that it truly is a national security issue in two areas. One, if you look at how we mobilize our troops, when you are out there—and I was a frontliner. I served with the United 
base, but I still needed resources. So people had to drop off my food. People had to drop off a generator to power the computers that gave us the information we needed. 
trucks that were exposing themselves to IEDs to bring us gasoline to basically power these generators to even keep us warm when it got really cold, things of that nature. 
green technology that allowed us to have energy independence down at the module level, it would reduce the amount of men and women that have to be on these dangerous roads. 
scope of how you actually effectively fight a war, the first thing you do is you try to take away their energy resources. The first thing you do is you take out their electrical grid, you take out any opportunity for them to actually be able to move. That includes what we know now as gasoline. 
victories, when Sherman was pushing through Europe, when Patton was fighting in World War II, what they did was effectively cut off the axis powers’ ability to basically feed their engines by destroying their capability of refining oil into gasoline. 
If we want to also make sure that we, 
as a country, have strong national security going now and into the future, we have to make sure that we are energy independent. Most of the hydrocarbons that are still in existence in this world are not in the United States. They are found in a lot of countries that are not stable allies of ours or in a very unstable region. 
biggest oil partners. Even if you go down to the Middle East, they are in a very unstable area. We still rely on that area for a lot of our oil or the world, in general. If we do not receive their oil, they do set the price of the commodities, which also affects, obviously, a lot of our national security posture. 
If we were truly serious about understanding what we need to do in the future to continue having a strong national security that defends the American way of life, energy independence through renewables is the way to do it. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Congressman GALLEGO , you come from one 
to November being the hottest month on record. It seems like every month we learn that the month before was the hottest month on record. 
were in Australia or South America, hearing that November is the hottest month on record may not be as surprising as a month that is in the dead of fall and the dawn of winter in the 
district that for 40 years before you were there was represented by the great Henry Waxman, someone who did a lot of good work on this floor to address climate change. 
while the future specific daytoday effects of climate change are not yet known, projections not only show a rise in sea levels across the world and threatening our coast in California, but models are also suggesting increasingly extreme weather events. 
area or in the San Francisco Bay area, we have been experiencing droughtlike conditions for years as well as hurricanes on the East Coast in places like the northeast that have not seen the intensity like Hurricane Sandy, which we have seen before. 
climate and any rapid change in our environment, I want to know, Congressman LIEU, can you talk a little bit 
about weather events and why this is a threat to coastal communities? 
Mr. TED LIEU of California. Representative SWALWELL , that is a great 
point you make. Whether you call it science, facts, or measurements, you can measure climate change. So we know that last year was the hottest year in recorded history, only to be outdone by the first 6 months of this 
year, only to be outdone again, as Representative BOYLE mentioned, by November—last month. We know that ocean levels have risen 8 inches in about the last century, and just since 1992, they have risen about 3 inches. 
from Malibu, south through Santa Monica, Manhattan Beach, Palos Verdes, and along the coast, and I don’t want my constituents all moving to Representative GALLEGO ’s district because they are getting flooded. 
The projections show that by 2050, large parts of American coastal areas will be at risk of flooding—and that is a huge problem. So we have to not only pay attention to that as a national security interest, but just for people to live their normal lives. And Mother Nature does not discriminate. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Congressman LIEU, an interesting fact 
about that number. NASA projects that by 2050, between $66 billion and $106 billion worth of existing coastal property will likely be below sea level nationwide, with $238 billion to $507 billion worth of property below sea level by 2100. And so it certainly has, as you said, not just the livelihood effect on it, but also a price tag, as we have seen. 
served in the military. I believe you also serve today as a reservist. If you will, talk about the national security threat because of climate change. 
very honored to have Los Angeles Air Force Base in my district. It was the first base to actually go green in terms 
of its vehicles. So all the vehicles the L.A. Air Force Base uses on the government side are energyefficient electric vehicles. They are the first large institution to develop a vehicletogrid program where you actually plug in the vehicle and it gives electricity back to the grid when the grid needs it. If you can get that widespread, that would be a game changer across America. So the military is very focused on this issue. 
Again, what makes America an exceptional country—one of the best in the world—is we actually rely on facts and science and measurements. Ninety seven percent of scientists looking at this issue have said that climate change is real, it is largely caused by humans, and we need to do something about it or else we are going to be in a great world of hurt. 
If 9 out of 10 doctors said your child 
shows the symptoms of diabetes, would you keep feeding your child Snickers bars? You would be crazy if you do that. You would actually go and seek treatment. It makes no sense for folks to believe in doctors and science and math and technology and then, on this one narrow issue of carbon pollution, simply for ideological reasons, say we are not going to trust any science or facts or measurements. 
Mr. SWALWELL of California. Bringing us back to what millennials believe on this issue. Some of you have participated in our Future Forum dialogue. 
will be in the Los Angeles area hosting a Future Forum dialogue on climate change, student loan debt, and the other issues facing our generation. But some of the science, as you mentioned, behind millennial beliefs is quite powerful. 
percent of millennials favor the idea of requiring utilities to generate at least a third of their power from renewable sources like solar and wind by 2030. That also falls in line with what much of the rest of the developed world is doing. 
last year highlighting that, by the end of 2014, Germany would receive nearly a third of its energy through renewable sources. Twothirds of young adults age 18 to 34, according to a National Geographic article, say they are inclined to vote for candidates who support cutting greenhouse gases and increasing financial incentives for renewable energy. And in a 2015 poll by NextGen Climate, 75 percent of voters under the age of 35 say they would be more likely to vote for a candidate who pledged to turn the country to 50 percent clean energy by 2030. 
security argument, we have talked about the economic advantages and, of course, the livelihood threat of flooding in extreme weather events. Congressman BOYLE , what about 
American exceptionalism? Are we any less capable than Germany or Denmark or any of these other countries of addressing climate change? 
Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. Well, for anyone to believe that—I know there are some right now who are running for President trying to denigrate America and talk about what is all supposedly wrong with us. I would point out that the whole history of our country has been seeing enormous challenges and meeting them and defeating them. That has been the entire history from Valley Forge, which I am privileged to represent, all the way through to the present day. 
women of my generation—of our generation—who might be understandably skeptical on this issue because each and every month they hear the same statistics we do that this past month was the hottest month on record, only to be beaten by the succeeding month, that we have actually been here before in terms of dealing with environmental degradation. 
faced two particularly strong issues that seemed very difficult to meet and defeat. One was with respect to the ozone layer. If we were having this conversation in the early 1970s, a great deal of the talk was about repairing the ozone layer. Even when some of us were kids, that was an issue. Notice that you don’t hear about that anymore. That is because we made the important changes that were necessary, and we solved that problem. 
A second was with respect to our waterways and rivers. I am proud to represent, Mr. Speaker, and to my colleagues here, the Delaware River in Philadelphia, which actually separates Pennsylvania from New Jersey. It is a beautiful waterway. It is also a very historic one, as that is where, famously, on Christmas Day 1776, George Washington and our soldiers crossed the Delaware into the Battle of Trenton to defeat the Hessians and help launch our young Nation on its way to independence. 
waterway, as well as the Hudson River and countless others, was in its worst state ever. Today, that same Delaware River is cleaner than at any point in our grandparents’ lifetime. That is an enormous achievement. It is one that, 40, 50 years ago, most people would have predicted could not have been accomplished. 
especially to those of our generation, yes, this is an enormous problem, but, yes, we can also defeat it. Yes, we can also rise to the occasion, just as we have with each and every other major challenge our Nation has faced. 
He came out to my congressional district and spoke with millennials in the San Francisco Bay Area. We are aspirational. We are optimistic. We are collaborative. In fact, we came out of the family cell phone plan, so we are used to solving all sorts of problems with group think and then actually arriving at a decision. That is what we do: We collaborate, we solve small problems, we think big, and we take on the larger problems. 
do to address this threat to our national security, our livelihood, and our economy. 
lean back on the strengths of our generation, that is what we need to do. We are a very empathetic generation. We care about our community. We care about our world. And being able to translate that into political power is important. 
Republican, or Independent, make sure they understand that is your priority, to be represented by somebody who understands the threat of climate change and you want to see action. 
the economic innovation side that comes with the new energy future. We are going to be developing the technologies that are really going to be making the biggest impacts in terms of slowing down the warming of the Earth. 
now that are working in labs and doing the startups in Los Angeles, Phoenix, and San Francisco that are creating the technology of tomorrow. We need to continue to be pushing forward, supporting their efforts, supporting them through R&D. But, more importantly, having a Congress that is supportive and understanding of the challenges of climate change is the key to all that. 
your service to our country and for standing up for Americans now in this new world and understanding that this is a national security issue as well. 
give us your closing thoughts on climate change and what millennials— and everyone, as you said—can do about this issue. 
Nature does not discriminate. Whether you are 20 years old, a Republican or Democrat or a member of the Green Party, the laws of physics and the laws of chemistry do not negotiate. 
We are now in a danger zone when it 
comes to carbon pollution. If we don’t act quickly to reduce carbon pollution, in the coming decades we are going to be in a world of hurt. We are going to have far more extreme weather events, far more national security issues. 
that we can pass strong legislation through this Congress, and I believe we will because, in a democracy, the side with the facts eventually wins. 
SWALWELL , for having this terrific Future Forum event on the floor today. 
cities across America and talking to young people and learning their thoughts. As the Future Forum, our goal has been first to listen, and then to engage with millennials, whether it is going to their college campuses, community colleges, workforces, incubator and startup hubs; and then it is to crowdsource these problems, and then for the lawmakers of Future Forum to come back to this body and this Chamber and act on the issues that young Americans care about. 
has ever known. It is the most diverse generation that America has ever known. It is an aspirational generation that wants to solve problems and not sit on the sidelines and watch our sea levels rise and watch the Earth get warmer. It is a generation that feels a sense of responsibility that we are only on this Earth for a very short period of time, and we will be judged by what we leave to the next generation. 
it. Young Americans are committed to fighting climate change. They know it is our own reality and the reality of those who will inherit this Earth, and they know it is better to start now, before it is too late. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ) is recognized 
for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
we get ourselves sort of organized, you will actually notice a couple of these boards are a little worn. It is because it is a, shall we say, the continuation of a theme. But this is sort of an auspicious day to actually do some of this, as we are getting ready to do the omnibus, the big budgetary bill. 
everyone, first, to understand the $1.1 plus trillion we are talking about is solely what we call the discretionary portion of the budget. This is the portion of the budget we debate here, we do amendments, we work through; and then, in this particular case, because of a series of blocks and frustrations and gameplaying that happened previously, we get here to the end and we are trying to package it all together. But it is not the majority, it is not anywhere near close to the majority of our Federal spending. 
this is for 2015. So we are right now working on the budget for the 2016 appropriation cycle. If you see the blue, the blue is mandatory spending. Those are things like Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid and other parts of the welfare portion of our budget that are formula driven, that you hit a certain age, you get a benefit; you fall below a certain income, you get a certain benefit. It is about 69plus percent of our spending, and this is for last year. 
Only 31 percent of the 2015 budget actually goes through this sort of normal appropriation process, and that is really important to understand the scale of the spending and how little of it actually is debated, because it is a formula. It is also the portion of our spending that is exploding. 
couple of these boards today. One of my goals is actually to also walk through and talk about what is actually happening in some of the mandatory spending, and why, for all of us, we are going to have to have that very honest, very difficult, very math fact based conversation. 
In my district, the Scottsdale, Phoenix area, I am incredibly blessed. I have an amazing constituency, I have a wonderful area, but we have done 100+ of these budget townhalls over the last couple of years, and I will get people who will come in and say, but that number doesn’t feel right. I know it may not feel right. 
think, have underplayed what is happening in this country demographically and what it actually means to our commitment. 
really, really cares about keeping this country safe, you need to be willing to start to understand what is happening in these numbers. You need to understand the financial pressure that is going to be on your ability to finance the military. If you care about health care, you need to understand the financial pressure that is going to be coming to deal with those, medical research, education. 
what is both happening, and then we are going to actually walk through some demographic slides. And the reason I want to do that is to understand, this isn’t the type of discussion where you can throw a switch and the solutions are simple. 
walking through the projections, and, understand, these projections have actually changed a little bit, but I didn’t have a chance to finish all the calculations. So this is, functionally, four budget cycles from now. So it is the 2020 budget. We are right now doing the 2016 budget. 
spending is Medicare, Medicaid, Social Security, interest on the debt, veterans benefits, and other transfer programs, welfare programs; 76. Remember, the budget cycle we just finished, it was 69. In, functionally, 4 or 5 years, it becomes 76 percent of all of our spending. So if you care about the military, if 
you care about healthcare research, if you care about foreign aid, if you care about any of those things, it is shrinking rather dramatically as a percentage of our total spending. 
from 2015 to that 2020 budget, this government is going to go from, I think it is a $3some trillion budget to a $4.1 trillion budget. So in that few years, we are going to actually increase by $1 trillion in spending and revenues, and some of those revenues come from borrowing. Yet, the ratio continues to explode because it is going into that mandatory spending. 
And unless you have a solution for baby boomers to stop, like me, turning gray, we have to grow up and deal with it. I find here in Washington there is pathological avoidance of the reality that is upon us. 
I am going to do this without knocking anything down. And I believe these are already up on our Web site, the ability to sort of take a look and see where is the money actually going; because I can’t tell you how many times we would do those budget townhalls and someone would come in the door and say, Well, DAVID, if you just did 
this, if you would get rid of foreign aid, that would take care of the problem. Then you go to this slide and try showing them that the tiny, tiny, tiny little sliver right there was foreign aid. 
of this. Well, waste and fraud is huge. The reality of it, we know in Medicare and Medicaid and many of these things, we have to come up with more dramatically efficient ways, the use of technology. We are going to start to talk about that at the end of this, that there really are some solutions we need to be embracing. But they are little slivers. 
Do you see the blue areas? Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, welfare benefits, interest on the debt? As you saw today, with the Fed starting to raise interest rates, we expect, in just a few years, interest to be bigger than the defense budget. In about 7 years, interest will be approaching $1 trillion a year. 
math. This is no more happy talk that seems to go around in politics. It is math. 
out the Defense Department—so if you look at defense and all this blue, these here are all the agencies. It is important to understand these numbers, because I have been heartbroken at how often we do townhalls around our State, and there is this misunderstanding of where the money is actually being appropriated. 
So we are going to talk about a little 
bit of the demographics of what is going on, but also, how much trouble, how much difficulty is Social Security in? 
third rail of politics, you are not allowed to talk about it or tell the truth about it, but we have a moral obligation to explain what is going on. How about Medicare? How about some of these others? 
So I wanted you to see this particular slide here, and this just gives 
you a sense of also what is happening with us demographically. 
ago, sitting in a statistics class over at Arizona State University—I love that school—and this is, I think, in the early eighties, and the professor is showing graphs saying, you have got to understand, in the 2015–2028 point, you have all these baby boomers that move into retirement, so I am sure the government, I am sure Washington, D.C., will make sure they have these massive amounts of reserves set aside to provide benefits for our seniors. 
baby boomer folks,’’ and now being here in Washington realizing: That money isn’t there. So when you look at this particular chart—and the only reason it is partially here—you see 2018, it is the next to the last bar. And then, all of a sudden, the last bar, do you see it is shooting up? We have hit the time they have called the inflection point. 
that we have talked about for 30 years, that the debt is going to start to explode in this country; 2018. We are doing the 2016 budget right now. We are already in the 2016 budget. So 22 months from now, the debt starts to explode. 
So we are going to have a good year 
this year, though, because of some of the budget deal that was done about a month or so ago; and some of the other, lifting some of the spending caps of sequestration, we are going to end up with a larger deficit this year. 
seen right now is $440 billion, $450 billion this year. But come 2018, a couple of years from now, it starts to take off, and it takes off for, functionally, the next 40 years. This is the reality that is facing us. So, if you care about the military and education and all these other things, understand what is about to happen. 
that start to become more difficult to talk about, and I am actually sort of frustrated that we don’t do more of this. 
This particular chart here—and actually, I think this one I may have taken from The Wall Street Journal. And for folks who are actually interested in these demographic facts and how they 
affect your country, but also affect the world, The Wall Street Journal actually just recently finished a series I think they call ‘‘2050,’’ and it actually has some of the best narratives, best graphs, best details I have ever seen in sort of walking through, that this just isn’t an American trend. 
in China and other places around the world, where the aging of the population, compared to the benefits that have been promised, compared to the number of workers, and that imbalance, and what that means to future economic growth for the world, let alone just the United States. 
starts to explode off the charts? That is, functionally, enrollment in Social Security. So when we were at 2008, we had about 41 million folks who were in Social Security. Today, I believe now we have crossed 50 million, so 2008–2015, this is the reality of how quickly that slope. And it is the what? It is the baby boomers. 
of our brothers and sisters who turn 65 in about an 18year period. The first one, the first baby boomer crossed that threshold, I believe, in late 2008. So we are in that demographic inflection. 
and more of this reflected in our economic growth, in the debt, and the movement of your Federal Government resources into retirement programs for those who are over 65. Whether it be medical, whether it be indigent medical, whether it be Social Security and others, it is our commitment. We have made these promises. We have also made a promise that we need to find some way to pay for them, and that is where this discussion, hopefully, is going to take us. 
This slide is a bit more of a concern. 
We are doing a project in our office right now. We have a little, a couple of folks set aside in our office called the ‘‘Idea Shop,’’ and they try to do sort of detailed research outside the dayto day chaos that is being a Member of Congress. 
that I want to pop out at you, and that is the number of our brothers and sisters, the number of our fellow Americans, that are 55–64, so they are heading towards retirement. Nineteen percent of them have no retirement savings at all, so they are solely dependent on Social Security and the medical benefits that they will receive from Medicare. 
those older than 45 have, functionally, no money set aside. 
through a pretty rough economic cycle, but the last couple of years it is getting better. It is still not great, but this is a point where we are starting to step up and understand we need a revolution in this country’s Tax Code. We 
need a revolution in how we regulate in this country. 
We all walk around with these supercomputers in our pocket. Information is ultimately the greatest regulator in a society, and yet we still try and design these commandandcontrol functions of bureaucracies like it was the 1930s. 
We are also going to do a little talking about embracing the new economy, the hyperefficient economy, that will, hopefully, maximize economic growth. But everything, whether it be from 
immigration, to Tax Code, to regulatory codes, everything, now the first words out of that politician’s, that policymaker’s, that researcher’s, and you, as the constituent’s mouth needs to be, how does this maximize economic growth for the country, because I want to keep my commitment to the young and our commitments to seniors. When you look at the numbers, it does not happen unless we can get this economic expansion, some economic growth really working. 
other thing is also, for someone that is also really interested in these, we try to put these up on our social media, but these are some of the different projects we are working on. 
Now, on this one, this is just to sort 
of understand, one more time—and I know I am repeating myself with the different slides, but we did a budget deal about, what, 2 months ago? Social Security Disability was going broke. Social Security Disability in early, mid2016 was, functionally, the trust fund for that was going to be gone. 
So the solution that Congress supported—I voted ‘‘no,’’ but that is because we thought we had a more elegant solution. Functionally, the political will was not there for the types of reforms we thought were appropriate. 
out of the big Social Security trust fund and moved it over here to the Social Security disability fund to shore it up. Okay. That was their solution, but there was almost no discussion around this body that it shortened the life of Social Security by about another year. 
we are showing these is—take a look at this middle one. If you were to exclude the interest—now, understand, the revenues for Social Security come from really two pots, the taxes and then the money it has loaned to the government back to the general fund. 
it is just an accounting gimmick back and forth because we are paying ourselves interest, but that is what we do. We pay ourselves interest, and that is considered one of the revenue sources for Social Security. 
So if you were to take taxes and interest, but if you were to look at that midline and say, instead of the sort of bookkeeping entry we do back and forth, no interest, just the revenues from taxes on FICA, Social Security, it went negative in 2010. So more money was going out to beneficiaries than what has been coming in in taxes. 
But if you actually put both the interest and the tax stream, it goes negative no longer in 2022. It goes negative now in 2021. So if I had a big marker, I would walk over there and cross that out. Of course, I would also knock over the board in doing it. So, functionally, 5 years, 60 months from now, Social Security goes negative. 
theoretical discussion we were having saying sometime off in the future, sometime in 2027, sometime in 2040. It is 5 years. It is less than one U.S. senatorial term that Social Security goes negative. 
you see in the political class, in the researcher class, the policy class, and in our communities saying: ‘‘We need to deal with this today because every day we wait it becomes more difficult’’? 
If we look at the history of the last 
couple of decades when those of us who care about this deeply have gotten behind microphones and started to point out the numbers, we see the television ad the next campaign, whether it be pushing PAULRYANor a lookalike off 
of a cliff and saying that P AUL RYAN 
wants to try to reform your entitlements because—the fact of the matter is Medicare is going bankrupt. He wants to save the system. But if we can scare you to death, it becomes a great political issue. 
ahead of the political class in understanding we need to step up and do hard things to fix these. I also want to make the argument that these are the biggest issues in front of us because, if we don’t do it, then everything in the future is going to be how do we survive the promises we have made in our entitlements. And it is coming fast. Remember, Social Security goes negative in about 60 months. That is how fast it is coming at us. 
the fact—do you see that little red area? That is what we did in the budget deal a couple months ago. We grabbed that $114 billion and pulled it out of Social Security. Because of that, we shortened the life. We tried to do this without knocking them over. This was just another variation of the same set of numbers. 
have some on Medicare. But when you start to see some of the charts, we have charts that say that, if there is not a substantial economic expansion, Medicare could be 7 years and the trust fund is substantially drained. 
freestanding trust funds. The way the law works is you start to cut benefits. We need to avoid these. So how do you do it? How do you avoid these? 
it is next year when we start to discuss tax reform, a tax reform that maximizes economic growth, maybe not the benefit for the group you belong to or the industry you are in, but the tax reform that benefits the entire country to maximize economic growth. 
revolution in the way we look at the regulatory state. There are a few people who have written about this. There are a few people who have thought about this. 
For a couple of years I sat on the 
Science, Space, and Technology Committee. We would have debates back 
and forth with the EPA on: ‘‘How did you get to this regulation? How did you find this out?’’ 
give you our data sets. It is proprietary. We are just doing the command and control.’’ 
I learned there is this intense frustration. There is this fight out there between I believe people who make money off the regulatory state and those who functionally pay for it, which is all of us. 
crowdsourcing of information and data. Are we actually doing the most efficient methodology to have clean water and the most efficient technology to have clean air? 
sit on the Financial Services Committee. This is going to get a little geeky. But, in 2008, the bonds that were backed by mortgages blew up. 
were lots and lots and lots of mortgages and deeds of trust rolled into these bonds that stopped performing. There were lots of debates and discussions of these were toxic loans, they were AltA that were put into these bonds, whatever the reason. How did we not know? 
bundled these mortgages into bonds. Are you telling me that, from the regulatory state, if we had designed an informationbased regulatory system where those of us—when I was Maricopa County treasurer and you were looking at buying debt to park the cash you had so you would get a rate of return for your taxpayers, you would pick up the phone and call Moody’s or call S&P or call the rating and say: ‘‘Hey, is this a safe bond? Is this A rated? Is it AAA?’’ or whatever it is. You would get a phone call back. They would say: ‘‘Yes. It is fine.’’ That was your due diligence. 
How about a system that uses information so the information flows saying: ‘‘Hey, the bond you are looking at, you now have 5 percent of the loans on it that aren’t making their payments,’’ ‘‘Hey, do you realize this bond has an intense geographic concentration so, if something happens in that geography, you are going to have ever greater difficulties?’’ 
are built into the system come in and bayonet the wounded after the war is lost. Sorry. That was one of my father’s favorite sayings. 
But the fact of the matter is the way 
we do much of our regulation is after the sins have happened instead of using information to avoid the mistake in the beginning. So I am making the argument that that type of revolutionary thinking in the way we, as a society, regulate will maximize economic growth. 
this immigration system. When you realize that twothirds of the immigration population is familial—and I know 
But if you are going to take in 1 million, 1.2 million, legal immigrants into the country this year, you do realize twothirds of that population functionally gets to come to the United States because of a family member, where much of the rest of the world, whether it be Australia, New Zealand, Great Britain, Canada, have moved to a system that maximizes talent because they figured out they desperately need economic growth to keep their commitments. 
But there is a fourth one that is almost never talked about and I can actually start to see here in Congress and I see it in our State legislatures, and that is actually the new economy. 
back in January we are going to do a presentation of how the new economy can both change how the government functions, but also, if we can get out of its way, it provides opportunity for everyone and, hopefully, maybe some escape velocity economically. 
So let me throw you first just a simple concept. How many of you out there have ever ridden in a ride share or seen these things they call like Zipcar where you hit the button on your phone and you are able to just use a car? Why doesn’t government do that? 
are 176,000 cars that are either owned or leased by the Federal Government. We found one small agency that had more vehicles than employees. 
So if I came to you right now and 
said: ‘‘Let’s rethink this. Does this agency here belong owning their own little vehicle fleet and this agency that is right next door belong owning theirs?’’ 
Why wouldn’t you pool them together and create a simple app that does two things? It says the cars belong to everyone in the agency. You hit the button and say: ‘‘I need to use one today, and tomorrow I don’t need one’’ and, ‘‘Oh, by the way, the technology says that I am going to this community’’ and it tells you who else from the bureaucracy is also going in the same direction. 
sector. Now think of it even more expansive. Why is it just the Federal Government? Why wouldn’t it be your State, your local, your tribal? 
right now in Arizona and we are actually working on with some of my State legislators is this concept for capital assets. 
Mr. Speaker, I live in Maricopa County. It is maybe the third or fourth most populous county in the country. It is made up of 30some cities and tribal communities. 
the really expensive earthmovers? How many of those earthmovers are used to their max every single day? If they are not, why isn’t a simple app created to 
this city, this county, and this government each need to own their own? Why aren’t they put on sharing platforms? 
assets need to be maximized. It is like the concept of a classroom. At 3:45, when school is out, does that classroom become the community college? At 7:30, does it become the senior learning class? It is a building. We are paying to heat and cool it. It is there. We spent the capital money. How do you maximize the utilization of capital assets? 
private world. Much of this technology is coming out of Silicon Valley and other hubs of innovation in our country. We need to open ourselves up in the government and say: ‘‘We need to be embracing this technology to move it to ourselves.’’ 
In the last half of this, I see fights 
starting to break out on the new technology and how it changes how we work. It changes our optionality. We need to understand that technology is changing our society. But if we can get out of the way, it can actually really provide us some opportunities. 
researching these. Let’s say you are one of these drivers, whether it be an Uber platform or something else and there is this argument saying, well, you are being treated as a selfemployed 1099 or you are getting direct payments electronically or you are doing Airbnb or these sorts of things. How is that going to help you fund your Social Security? 
it really is time to have that honest conversation of should you be allowed to have that account that is truly yours and set up your technology that every time you have a client and you take them and deliver them to a location, every time you have guests in your Airbnb, every time you provide a certain service, you can use that technology so that a little bit of that money goes to your retirement account. 
a very lowcost way to do it. And we start to engage in the technology revolution that is happening around us to basically embrace it, not be scared of it, and at the same time use that technology to shore up what we have just talked about, the devastating actuarial math we are running into. 
Mr. Speaker, I know there is a political battle coming in this because, for some of my brothers and sisters on the 
other side, it is very much: How do I unionize that population? How do I do this type of control? How do I have this? 
market side, we are making the argument for individuals to be able to use technology and the new economy to pursue their optionality, maximizing the value of their time. They need to be allowed to do that. 
of the basic—it is supposed to be part of our DNA. At the same time, use that 
same creativity, that same optionality, to not be afraid of it, but to use that technology to actually grow the economy and embrace the empowerment of individuals to deal with the very problems we were showing on those slides. 
PRAISE THE AMERICAN JEWISH COMMITTEE ON ITS 109TH ANNIVERSARY 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject matter of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, as I move forward with this Special Order hour, because the AJC has been very close in Houston, Texas, to a leading citizen, the Honorable William Alexander Lawson, I think it appropriate to let it be known that the AJC stands in sympathy with a good many persons with reference to Pastor Lawson’s loss of his wife, the Honorable Audrey Lawson. 
11 a.m.—that would be central standard time—in Houston, Texas, at the Wheeler Avenue Baptist Church. Pastor Lawson has worked very closely with the AJC and many other Jewish organizations. I would dare say that he has been a nexus between various communities and the Jewish community. I am saddened by his loss and want him to know that the AJC as well as my good offices send him our condolences. 
present H. Res. 518. H. Res. 518 honors and praises the American Jewish Committee on the occasion of its 109th anniversary. I am proud to tell you, Mr. Speaker, that on the campus today here at the Capitol we have visitors from the AJC. We have Richard Foltin, who is the Director of National and Legislative Affairs in AJC’s Office of Government and International Affairs, in Washington, D.C. He happens to be accompanied by an intelligent, beautiful lady, who works with the AJC. Her name is Daniela Erazo. They are here, and I am proud to let them know that we are most excited about their being here on the occasion of the introduction of this resolution. 
a good number of Members of Congress. I would like to, because this is very 
special to us, give their names so that the RECORD will be clear as to who the 
The original cosponsors are: the Honorable I LEANA ROSLEHTINEN , Florida’s 
York’s 13th District; the Honorable DAVID SCOTT, Georgia’s 13th District; 
the Honorable F REDERICA WILSON , Florida’s 24th District; the Honorable T OM 
MACARTHUR , New Jersey’s Third District; and, of course, the Honorable DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Florida’s 
This resolution is one that acknowledges the mission of the AJC, which is to enhance the wellbeing of the Jewish people and Israel, and to advocate and advance Jewish rights and Jewish values in the United States and around the world. The AJC is committed to combating racial prejudice, antiSemitism, and sponsoring and supporting issues related to the State of Israel. 
founded on November 11, 1906, in New York City, by a group of American Jews who wanted to raise awareness about some of the atrocities that were taking place against Jewish people in Russia as well as in other places. This leadership went on to add as its list of duties, I suppose, doing all that they could to help in the fight against racism here in this country. 
I am proud to tell you that the local 
chapter of the AJC in Houston, Texas, currently has as its director, Randy Czarlinsky. He is a dear friend. The president is Marcia Nichols. She is a friend as well. 
friend who was there in 1989. His name is David Mincberg. David Mincberg and I worked together. I was the president of the Houston branch of the NAACP. At that time, we had an unfortunate circumstance occur in Houston, Texas. We had a city council person make a racial slur. The AJC and the NAACP worked very closely together. 
David Mincberg was one of the leading citizens to stand up and denounce this racial slur that took place and call for the resignation of the city council person. It had been prognosticated by one of our local persons who was in the community associated with political science. 
He went on to explain that this person probably could have won. I have not mentioned his name. I see no need to. He probably could have won his office because there still was some support for him—substantial support, I might add. But because David Mincberg and the AJC stood with the African American community, by and 
through the NAACP and other organizations, this city council person decided to apologize and to resign from office. 
AJC has made a difference in the lives of people who are not directly associated with the AJC. I think all people of goodwill are by virtue of the fact that the AJC is on a mission to do those things that will enhance the quality of life for people around the world, especially as they suffer from discrimination and other forms of atrocities that would cause them to have a quality of life that is unacceptable. 
To this end, I would like to just mention some of the varied circumstances that the AJC has been involved with. 
the AJC organized a delegation to travel to the Gulf to bring relief and aid to the victims. This was quite an effort that the AJC put together. It contributed about $1.9 million in relief funds to help these victims to make sure that they had housing and to make sure that places of worship were rebuilt. 
2010, received a wonderful honor. Dillard University decided that they would dedicate their new Distance Learning Center in honor of the AJC, as the AJC donated about $200,000 to this university. 
In 2005, the AJC’s efforts with reference to the tsunami relief fund should be acknowledged. This tsunami relief fund consisted of about $900,000 that went to help persons who were the victims of the tsunami in the Indian Ocean. This was a major disaster. I am proud to know that the AJC played a role in helping persons to receive not only what we call relief, but actually an understanding that they were not alone, that there were people in distant places who were willing to stand with them to make sure that they received the help that human beings beset by tragedy richly deserve. 
and Haiti when there were floods, the AJC made a contribution. 
northern Israel, the AJC made a donation to assist them. 
the major disasters around the world to be a hand to those in times of need, as evidenced by the record that I am building. 
there in 1954. In 1954, the NAACP was litigating Brown v. Board of Education. The AJC filed an amicus brief in this case supporting the efforts of the NAACP and the other organizations— there were many—but the AJC was one of the leading organizations helping us to fight the discrimination that was taking place in our schools, such that the schools would be open to all, that 
there would no longer be segregation in schools in the United States of America. 
As a result of what the AJC and the 
NAACP were able to accomplish, the rest, of course, is history. Brown v. Board of Education was won by the NAACP, with the aid of other organizations, including the AJC. We now have integrated schools. I would dare say that, without the help of the AJC and donations and helping us with some of the test materials with reference to how people are impacted by segregation—the psychological evaluations and the materials related thereto— without these things, we may not have won that lawsuit. The AJC has been instrumental in helping us with this type of invidious discrimination. 
Dr. Martin Luther King with the American Liberties Medallion for his exceptional advancement of the principles of human liberty. Dr. King, as you know, was a freedom fighter for all. While he was doing this, he had the aid and comfort of the AJC. The AJC was there to help him with marches and with the protest movement, but also there to help him as he went through some of the difficult times. I can remember the Edmund Pettus Bridge, for example. There were members of the AJC who were onsite to march with Dr. King after what we call Bloody Sunday had taken place. 
The AJC and its members also established the Transatlantic Institute to promote Transatlantic cooperation for global security, Middle East peace, and human rights. This was done in 2004. 
human rights for Israel, but also for Palestinians. The AJC supports a two state solution. The AJC encourages peace talks between Israel and the Palestinian leadership. The AJC believes that a peaceful solution with the parties negotiating it is the best way to have a long and lasting peace in the Middle East. 
I must tell you that I have been involved with the Houston AJC as they go through some of these difficult issues and talk through them and work through them, and I am honored to support the AJC in its efforts to bring peace to not only Israel and Palestine, but also to the entire Middle East. The AJC is very much concerned about the diaspora on the whole, but more specifically about their friends and neighbors in the Middle East and bringing peace. 
colleagues, especially Representative Laura Richardson, in a resolution that we had, H. Res. 826, a resolution condemning noose intimidation. 
persons who felt it necessary to hang nooses in various places to intimidate and to incite others to do dastardly deeds. The AJC joined with us to denounce this type of behavior. As a result, while I don’t say that there are no nooses being placed in places for the 
purpose of intimidation, I can say that they are not as prevalent as they were back in 2006–2007. I am honored at the AJC was there to help us with this endeavor. 
to study how Israel could assist in the preparation for South Sudanese independence. I had the honor of going to Sudan myself. I was not with the AJC at the time, but I did have an opportunity to see some of the needs of the people. They were great, they were many, they were varied, and the AJC was there to assist with the independence movement. 
The AJC does things that go far beyond what, perhaps, many think it should be doing or has been doing. 
civil rights groups in condemning bans on Muslims from entering the United States. This is one of their most recent activities. The AJC believes that religion should be respected and that, because a person happens to be of a given religion, it is no reason to conclude that a person can be banned or should be banned from the United States of America. The AJC respects all religions. 
a fulltime office in Israel. It did this for the first time such that it would have a means by which it could advocate for peace between the Israelis and their Arab neighbors; so they wanted to make sure that they had an office on the ground in Israel. While it appears to be a Jewish organization—and it is— it still wanted to make sure that its presence was immediately known in the State of Israel. 
The AJC has long supported comprehensive immigration reform, and they want this type of reform done once the security of the Nation’s borders has been put in place. Once the borders are secure, the AJC wants that comprehensive immigration reform. In fact, it would be great if it could all happen at the same time, and we push for this. 
The AJC is an organization of goodwill, is an organization that has withstood the test of time, and is an organization that is diverse in every aspect of its existence as its membership is very diverse, and it preaches diversity. 
many occasions, talked about the rich diversity of Houston, Texas. In fact, on an annual basis, an event is sponsored in Houston, Texas, wherein diversity is celebrated. We talk about this at what is called America’s Table. We talk about all of the various ethnicities that are at America’s Table, and we 
talk about how we all came to America’s Table. We talk about the greatness of America. We talk about how there is but one race—the human race. We celebrate our rich diversity such that we can appreciate each other. 
The AJC has made it possible for people who may not have had an opportunity to meet and to greet each other 
table of brotherhood and to get to know each other in such a way as to not only develop a relationship but as to develop a friendship. The AJC is a supporter of relationship building, but, more importantly, of establishing relationships that can lead to friendships. 
to present H. Res. 518, a resolution to help us acknowledge the great work of the AJC, not only this year, but in each year to come, such that this House of Representatives will annually record and recognize the accomplishments of the AJC and its members. 
from Michigan. I may have said ‘‘Minnesota’’ earlier. I want to correct the RECORD . He is a dear friend and a great 
supporter of this resolution, and he is also a person who has been in the fight for human rights. That means human rights as they relate to all people, not just to some people. 
brief word about the AJC and what I see in the future. 
I believe that the AJC, given its history, is going to help us write a future that will bring peace to Israel and its neighbors. I believe that the AJC has demonstrated that it not only wants to be of benefit to Israel, but also to its neighbors. I believe that, with its involvement here and in Israel, the AJC is going to make a difference. 
history, will help us through this immigration reform debate. The AJC does a lot of research, and it has a lot of intelligence on how this type of circumstance, with people living in the shadows, can impact the lives of people beyond their physical existence and also beyond their mental existence. I am proud that the AJC is providing this type of intelligence. 
will help us with issues related to police community relations. The AJC is always available to help us when we have these turbulent times, when there are circumstances that must be addressed by communities that are grieving. The AJC helps us to bring the communities together so that we can, at some point, come to a conclusion that is beneficial to the community as a whole and to the persons who have been injured or harmed. 
moves forward with its various programs, it will help us with the hopes and with the aspirations of people who are suffering in places around the world from various natural disasters. I think they will do even more to help persons who are suffering from natural disasters. They have done an awful lot in every circumstance that is mentionable to date, but I do think that they will do even more. They have a wide reach, and they make sure that they are present, in some way, in order to be of assistance. 
The AJC has been there. My prediction is that it will be there and that it will make a difference when it is 
present. I am honored to have received this time, and I do trust that Members who have statements will place them in the RECORD . 
I rise today as a proud original cosponsor of House Resolution 518, Honoring and Praising the American Jewish Committee on the Occasion of its 109th anniversary, and to more broadly commend and celebrate the work of AJC. Thank you to my colleague Representative ALGREEN for organizing this special order 
the targeting of Jewish communities in Russia, AJC has become a leading voice and advocate against racism and prejudice here in the United States and around the world. Rooted in the Jewish values of tikkun olam—repairing the world—and of being a voice for those who cannot speak for themselves, AJC has been a key actor in pivotal movements and legislative victories including the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Voting Rights Act, and for comprehensive immigration reform. As we continue to work to fulfill the complete visions of those movements, AJC will continue to be on the front lines. 
over the world to promote tolerance and understanding and successfully worked to restore and preserve Jewish historical and cultural centers from India to Morocco to Argentina. This work is critical not only for supporting Jewish communities and historical memory abroad, but also for the broader goal of promoting intercultural and interreligious understanding in the face of hatred and violence. 
On a more personal level, as a young legislator in the Florida House, the American Jewish Committee took me on my first trip to Israel in 1995. That mission was nothing short of transformative. Although I felt a connection to the land of Israel as a Jew, that trip was the first of many that has deepened my connection to the land, to the history and reinforcing my steadfast commitment to supporting the state of Israel and the U.S.Israel relationship. With threats coming from across and within her borders, our support for this relationship has perhaps never been more important. 
Committee for its work on behalf of the Jewish community, on behalf of Israel, and on behalf of all the people its work impacts. 
policy of January 6, 2015, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Dakota (Mr. CRAMER ) for 30 minutes. 
today to talk a little bit about one component of the omnibus tax extender package that is dominating the legislative agenda as we wrap up this year. 
want to talk about is the lifting of the crude oil export ban, which is an issue that has passed twice now in the House of Representatives—in fact, as a stand alone bill. H.R. 702, the lifting of the crude oil export ban, passed with 62 
are passed by the House often languish in the Senate for a number of reasons. Perhaps one of the main reasons bills languish in the Senate is that their rules are as antiquated as is this export ban on crude oil. 
time to talk about this provision and why it is important that we lift the crude oil export ban. I want to talk a little bit about the history that led to the export ban in the first place, and I want to talk about a more optimistic future as we look at the oil renaissance—what it has created and what it can create. 
As I said, the export ban really is an 
antiquated law. It was put in place 42 years ago, which was a very different time in our country. It was different for a number of reasons, not the least of which being that the ban on exporting crude oil came at a time when our country did not enjoy energy abundance as we do today. It, rather, suffered from a scarcity of energy resources—a scarcity of oil, a scarcity of all kinds of energy—and, certainly, from a scarcity of the products that are created by oil. It suffered even from a scarcity, frankly, of some of the technologies that make the development of fossil fuels and, yes, of new, cleaner— greener, if you will—energy sources. 
for our innovation. I think innovation is the key to much of our success. It is not that the United States really had a scarcity of resources, but that, rather, we had a scarcity of technology to develop those resources. As the technology developed to get more and more of our energy resources and to develop them, it also progressed to make it more and more efficient to develop them and to make it cleaner to develop them. I am happy to elaborate. 
Dakota. I am the only Member of the people’s House from the State of North Dakota. We have just over 700,000 people in my State. So, like my 434 colleagues, I represent, roughly, 700,000 citizens. It just so happens that they make up a State. 
have lost 80,000 U.S. jobs, just in the last year, 80,000 U.S. jobs, because our oil producers have been forced to scale back their rigs by nearly 60 percent. That is the result of a collapse in price. 
There is a collapse in price largely because we are producing a lot more, and, of course, we cannot sell the product outside of the United States. Obviously, you can’t produce more than your consumers can take in. 
crops. We grow a lot of food to feed a hungry world. In fact, we are the number one producer of anywhere from 12 to 16 or 18 crops depending on the year. We produce a lot of wheat, but we can’t begin to eat it all. We produce a lot of 
produce a lot of sunflowers. We produce a lot of beans. We produce a lot of products that we couldn’t begin to consume in this country, but there are hungry people all over the world who would love to consume it. 
So we are always innovating, creating new breeds and technologies and farming practices and chemicals and, yes, modifying the product. Why? It is because there is not more land on which to grow more food, but there are many more people who need to eat it throughout the world. 
of energy. Yet now, as we have come upon this time with this renaissance that was created—again, not because God suddenly put more oil under the ground, but because of technology—the advancement of horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing has unlocked billions of barrels of oil that were always there or were at least there for several years—decades, centuries, millennia. It has unlocked it because of technology. 
We talk a lot about energy independence and about the goal to get there. Yes, that is a noble goal. I would submit, though, that more important than that is energy security. And I have heard the Chair, Mr. Speaker, talk about the topic of energy security with great eloquence. Energy security is like food security. It is the ability to develop and to produce what you need as well as to produce for the global marketplace, increasing our influence in the world. I am going to get into that in a little bit. 
me talk for a minute about the jobs in my home State of North Dakota, which is now the second leading producing State of oil, second only to Texas. 
I was an economic development director for our State at a time when we were beginning to diversify our economy, at a time when outmigration was just starting to plateau. Since that time, we have become the fastest growing economy in the country and have the fastest growing population in the country. We now have the second highest per capita personal income in the country and the lowest unemployment rate in the country. In fact, we still, even with this downturn, have more jobs than we have people looking for work in North Dakota. 
prosperity. There is nothing wrong with that. I have seen truck drivers become fleet owners. I have seen short order cooks become restauranteurs. I have seen carpenters become developers. 
I have seen the renaissance lift people up. While a rising tide lifts all boats, they don’t necessarily all get lifted at the exact same time. So there is a little bit of massaging and intervention that goes on to help people 
even during the boom, if you will, to keep up. 
for every one job created in the oil and gas sector, there are six jobs created in the broader economy. I can tell you, Mr. Speaker, from my experience in North Dakota, that is definitely true. It is not just the oil rig worker. It is not just the truck driver. It is not just the pipeline worker. 
and as good of jobs as they are, it is that restaurant owner. It is the hair dresser. It is the Main Street retailer, the person selling groceries. It is the entrepreneur who comes up with an idea no one else had thought of before. It is the entrepreneur that sees the problem that needs a fix, finds the fix, sells it and markets it and becomes an employer as well, rather than just an employee. 
By the way, the American jobs created by the oil renaissance of recent years exists in all 50 States. 
today, this little graphic piece, identifying the opportunities that lifting the crude oil export ban would have that go beyond the renaissance that we have experienced in recent years. Lifting the oil export ban would create an estimated 1 million American jobs in nearly all 50 States. That is because the supply chain that it takes to produce the oil, to discover the oil, to move the oil, to refine the oil, to finance, to do the accounting, it is in every State. 
Illinois is one of the greatest beneficiaries of the oil renaissance. Many of these 1 million jobs would be created right there within a matter of years. It would add, imagine now, $170 billion— with a B—to our gross domestic product every year. 
revenue to meet the priorities of our Nation, at a time while unemployment has come down, we still have a very, very low workforce participation rate, at a time when our education system doesn’t always match the opportunities, we have the opportunity with these additional dollars and the additional job opportunities to meet the demands of a growing economy. All the while, we could, with lifting the crude oil export ban, meet the market demands around the world. 
history can be a great teacher. I said earlier that I want to address the history or the context of this export ban. How did this come to be? 
written and said by me and my colleagues and others in the industry how lifting the export ban would be good for our economy, how it would be good for job creation, and how it would be good for the United States of America. The history of how it came to be, I think, is useful. 
It was the Yom Kippur war in 1972 led 
by Syria—an attack by Syria backed up by, Mr. Speaker, none other than 
the Soviet Union—against our friends, Israel. It was the United States, as has been the rich tradition of our country, who came to the defense of our best friend and ally in democracy who shares our values in the Middle East, Israel. Syria and the Soviet Union pitted against Israel, backed by the United States. 
embargoes of 1973, which caused a reaction, leading eventually to this crude oil export ban. You might recall in the seventies, Mr. Speaker—I do, barely, but I do—the gas shortages, the rationing of gas, sales limited to 10 gallons of gas per customer, as is illustrated in this poster, this real picture of the 1970s. 
meaning policy to put a ban on exporting crude oil with the idea that somehow we could produce enough oil in the United States or, at least, we ought to hoard what we have, it is not like the United States was a leading producer of oil. We weren’t what we are today. 
Today, we are the number one producer of oil and gas. Gas, as you know, can be exported. By the way, refined petroleum products can also be exported. 
So that is what led to the ban. The 
problem is, as I said earlier, this isn’t 1973 anymore. This is not 1979. This is not 1989. This is a time when we have energy abundance. We have oil abundance to the point where we have every storage facility, including pipelines, ships, and tanks, full of oil. We are still producing light, sweet crude, I might add. In a little bit, I will get to the difference between that and this heavy sour crude and the various market mixes that demand that. 
Mr. Speaker, as I started out reminding the Chamber, we passed H.R. 702 with 62 percent of the vote, a large bipartisan vote. That was a bill introduced by my friend, Representative JOEBARTON of Texas. He is in the 
Chamber with us, and I would like to yield such time as he would like to explain why this is such an important piece of this week’s omnibus and tax package. 
thing that I want to do is commend the gentleman from North Dakota for his hard work on this. He is an original cosponsor of H.R. 702. He is a valued member of the ad hoc whip team that we put together. 
have had dinners with undecided Members. We have helped coordinate action efforts with some of the outside groups that are supportive. 
on this. I could say similar things about the Speaker in the chair. The gentleman from Arkansas has also been a valued member of our team. 
What I want to focus on is to explain 
to the Members what this means strategically to the United States of America. The world produces and consumes about 95 million barrels of oil per day right now; 95 million. Three countries, the United States, Saudi Arabia, and Russia, combined produce about 30 percent of that, a little over 30 million barrels a day between those three countries. Right now, Saudi Arabia would be number one, Russia would be number two, and the United States would be number three at about 9 million barrels a day production here in the United States. 
hope will pass the House and the Senate and the President will sign it this weekend, if you want to change the world oil markets, it takes five or six phone calls. The chairman of OPEC, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries, who have their headquarters in Vienna, would make four or five phone calls to the various oil ministers of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Libya, Nigeria. 
If they all agree on a price and a production quota, they have a meeting, they get all the member states to ratify it, and they set the price. A handful of people set the world price. That is the way it has been done since the mid 1970s during the Arab oil embargo. 
If we repeal the ban on U.S. crude oil 
exports, which I think we are going to do, and the President signs the bill next week, we have about 500 million barrels of oil in storage in Oklahoma, 
Louisiana, and Texas, up in the Midwest where the gentleman is from. Believe it or not, there is some in California and some even up on the East Coast. There is privately owned oil that is just sitting there. 
same five oil ministers and says, Boys, we need to raise the price. We are going to cut production. Each of you guys, your nation, we agree to cut production to half a million barrels a day. We are going to tighten up the market, and we are going to raise the price. And they all agree to do it. 
Somebody in Houston is going to say, Well, I have got 10 million barrels right here. Somebody in Corpus Christi, somebody in New Orleans, somebody in Mobile, Alabama, somebody in New York City or Long Beach, California, there will be oil on the market to replace the production cutbacks of OPEC, if not in minutes, in hours. 
from OPEC and giving the keys to the American people, the free market. Who has the biggest oil reserves in the world, if you include our alternative shale reserves? The United States of America. Who has the best technology in the world? United States of America. Who has the best people, the best seismic engineers, the best production engineers, the best oil field workers, the best truck drivers, the best pipeliners? The United States of America. So, by golly, within a week, we are 
going to unleash the free market competitive enterprise of the American people on the world oil market. These other countries—Russia, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, Nigeria, and Libya—they can increase production a little bit, but there is only one country in the world that could literally double production within 4 or 5 years. Guess who that is? The United States of America 
the omnibus—there are lots of reasons to be for it. If you want to take control of energy policy away from a handful of oil ministers who are primarily in the Middle East, vote for this bill and put control in the market. Let the Americans compete with the Mexicans and the Canadians and the Saudis and the Iraqis and the Russians and anybody else who wants to sell oil. 
do, but it has tremendous economic and strategic implications for freedom everywhere in the world. You, sir, from North Dakota have helped make that possible. The gentleman in the chair from Arkansas has helped make that possible. The 262 Members of this House, Republicans and Democrats— HENRY CUELLAR of Laredo, Texas—has 
week, it is going to be a milestone week, and we are going to look back, this is when we took back control from OPEC and gave it to the free market and to the American entrepreneurial spirit. 
hard work. I am proud to have him as one of the leaders in this effort. 
and his tireless effort on behalf of the employees, the workers, the economy of our country, and for articulating so beautifully and so perfectly, without rehearsal, the next chapter of what I began to talk about when I talk about the historical context. We are reliving much of that history right now. 
about Iran and a path to a nuclear weapon, when we think about what is going on with Russia’s movement further and further into Europe and its growing influence, the bear is back. Here we have the opportunity to use the peaceful tools of energy development rather than the weapons of war. 
You talked about the bipartisan effort and how proud we are to work hand in hand with our Democratic Member friends, what a blessing that has been. One of the best, a gentleman that I have grown to not just know and appreciate, but to love, is Representative DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, whose heart 
for the things that matter has in many ways changed mine, I have to admit. He has changed mine. 
He has offered amendments to multiple bills, an amendment to multiple bills that I have now joined him in offering. It is not one on this bill, but I want to read the amendment because it is relevant to what we are doing. It is a simple amendment. 
offered this, and I join him in it, if not as an amendment, at least as an instruction. I quote now from his amendment: 
United States ages 18 to 37 are the hardest hit, at a 38 percent unemployment rate, and as high as 50 percent in some of our States and cities, the U.S. Congress, through this act, strongly requests the labor unions and contractors who will participate in the development of our oil infrastructure to actively recruit qualified said young Black men ages 18 to 37 for employment with their existing apprenticeship programs. 
will be conducted in conjunction with the National Electrical Contractors Association and the United Association of Journeymen and Apprentices of the Plumbing and Pipe Fitting Industry of the United States and Canada, under the auspices of the National Joint Apprenticeship and Training Committee, which allows apprentices to ‘‘Earn While You Learn.’’ 
people who support the free enterprise system—and this is clearly support of free markets—if we believe that a rising tide can lift all boats, let’s lend a hand. Let’s prove it. Let’s prove it by giving more opportunities to populations that have disadvantages in our marketplace and prove to them that we can, in fact, lift all boats. 
if you want to explain some of this and comment on this—there is another important provision that was in H.R. 702 that is also part of this bill, and that gets to the use of support for the maritime security program. Would you be willing to share a couple minutes about that, because that is an important part of what we are doing. 
Mr. CRAMER. I yield to the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BARTON. We have a fleet of privately owned ships that are normally in private commercial operation and that are owned by the companies that operate here in the ports of the United States. We pay a small fee each year from the Department of Defense so that, if these ships ever need to be used to transport military supplies overseas, they have to cease commercial operation and carry the military cargo. 
won’t say an emergency, but a special situation. In this bill, we have some funding that increases the pership reimbursement rate slightly so that it makes it feasible for these ships to be on standby for our military to use. It was offered by the chairman of the full committee—I think Chairman FRED 
and it was included in the manager’s amendment. It was made part of the 
bill then and is in the bill that is before 
us that we are going to vote on on Friday. It is a way to help in a costeffective way our military when they need lift capacity to get military supplies overseas in a tense situation. 
another allimportant appropriate vehicle for this amendment because the main piece of the omnibus package is, of course, increased spending for our defense. But you said cost effective. You are right, having these flagships available really saves the country the cost of about $52 billion worth of building the ships, so it is a tremendous tool. 
Mr. BARTON. It is a good deal for the 
you for that, and thank you again for your leadership. 
leadership. I am going to have to excuse myself, but thank you for this Special Order. 
going to wrap up, as well, with another history lesson. It is so interesting. I love history. I am not one who looks back a lot. I do like to look in the rearview mirror once in a while to make sure I am still going straight as I move forward. I think we as a Congress and as a country need to do the same. 
1773, that patriots at Boston Harbor expressed their displeasure with a foreign power’s influence over what they felt was an essential commodity. Participants of the Boston Tea Party, many of whom were smallbusiness owners, well versed in and practitioners of the teachings of Adam Smith and, yes, free market economics, never would have envisioned that one commodity should be arbitrarily discriminated against over another, especially by their own government. We have an opportunity with this commodity to make a difference. 
much time is left? I see that Chairman SHIMKUS is here and might have a word 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. CRAMER. I yield to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. S HIMKUS ), my 
colleague from North Dakota and just say a couple things. 
the omnibus is great public policy. Crude oil is a commodity like corn and beans that should be sold on the world market. 
Secondly, more oil on the world market lowers the prices for crude oil for everybody. 
Thirdly, on the international security arena, and by focus on Europe, and primarily the old captive nations of Eastern Europe, is that they are being held hostage by energy extortion by the Russians. The more we put more crude oil on the world market, the 
more that lowers the international price. That makes them have the opportunity to be free and independent from a totalitarian regime that is their neighbor to the east. 
Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia) at 7 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate passed S. 238. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 3594. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate agreed to without amendment H.J. Res. 78. 
KAREN L. H AAS. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I move that 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 7 o’clock and 37 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, December 17, 2015, at 9 a.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
3788. A letter from the Chief Administrative Officer, transmitting a quarterly report of receipts and expenditures of appropriations and other funds for the period October 1, 2015 to December 31, 2015, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 104a (H. Doc. No. 114—82); to the Committee on House Administration and ordered to be printed. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
566. A resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2029) making appropriations for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes; providing for proceedings during the period from December 19, 2015, through January 4, 2016; and for other purposes (Rept. 114–382). Referred to the House Calendar. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
H.R. 4262. A bill to amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to require that a State awarded a Federal grant to establish an Exchange and that terminates the State operation of such an Exchange provide for an audit of the use of grant funds and return funds to the Federal Government, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. B ERA, Mr. B LUM, Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. A GUILAR , and Mr. 
H.R. 4263. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to provide for the preparation of career and technical education teachers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
national security and foreign policy objectives through consolidation and strengthening of the rule of law and respect for human rights in the Republic of Azerbaijan; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. C UELLAR , and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK ): 
H.R. 4265. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to national ambient air quality standards, including the 2015 ozone standards, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 4266. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
health standard to reduce injuries to patients, nurses, and all other health care workers by establishing a safe patient handling, mobility, and injury prevention standard, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. COLLINS of New York (for himself, Mr. KINZINGER of Illinois, Mr. 
H.R. 4267. A bill to provide that no penalty 
may be imposed on a State for refusing to expend refugee resettlement assistance funds on certain refugees, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Range in the State of Texas, to establish the Castner Range National Monument, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ADAMS , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
BECERRA , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. B RENDAN  
of Pennsylvania, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. 
CAPPS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , 
Mr. C ARNEY , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, 
California, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
COHEN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C ONYERS , 
Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. 
CUMMINGS , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. 
DEUTCH , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. M ICHAEL  
DUCKWORTH , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. E NGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. F ARR, Mr. F OSTER , Ms. F RANKEL  of Florida, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. H AHN, Mr. H ASTINGS , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. H OYER , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, 
Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. T ED 
Mexico, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. M CDERMOTT , 
York, Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
MENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. M OULTON , Mr. 
NADLER , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N EAL, 
Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ASCRELL , Ms. P INGREE , 
Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE 
RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , 
Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. S ERRANO , 
Mr. T ONKO , Mrs. T ORRES , Ms. T SONGAS, Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. V EASEY , 
Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. 
H.R. 4269. A bill to regulate assault weapons, to ensure that the right to keep and bear arms is not unlimited, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
access to certain business records collected under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 prior to November 29, 2015, to make the authority for roving surveillance, the authority to treat individual terrorists as agents of foreign powers, and title VII of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 permanent, and to modify the certification requirements for access to telephone toll and transactional records by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4271. A bill to prohibit the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from awarding contracts for public relations, market research, or other similar activities; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Agriculture, Transportation and Infrastructure, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4272. A bill to provide for the issuance 
of a Families of Fallen Heroes Semipostal Stamp; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
himself and Mr. MCDERMOTT ): H.R. 4273. A bill to amend titles XVIII and 
XIX of the Social Security Act to improve payments for hospital outpatient department services and complex rehabilitation technology and to improve program integrity, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of K1 nonimmigrants and to prohibit the issuance of K1 visas, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4275. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to eliminate a provision under the Medicare Advantage program that inadvertently penalizes Medicare Advantage plans for providing high quality care to Medicare beneficiaries; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
TONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. C LARKE of 
mental health and substance use disorder benefits; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 4277. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for treatment of clinical psychologists as physicians for purposes of furnishing clinical psychologist services under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
ENGEL , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. E DWARDS , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. N ORTON, Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of 
SIRES, Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. 
QUIGLEY , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. W ATSON  
of the Bureau of Justice Assistance to make grants to States, units of local government, and gun dealers to conduct gun buyback programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 4279. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Veterans Affairs to disclose certain information to State controlled substance monitoring programs; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.J. Res. 78. A joint resolution making further continuing appropriations for fiscal 
balanced budget amendment to the Constitution of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mrs. LOWEY (for herself, Mr. ROSKAM, Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. R OYCE ): 
H. Res. 567. A resolution expressing opposition to the European Commission interpretive notice regarding labeling Israeli products and goods manufactured in the West Bank and other areas, as such actions undermine efforts to achieve a negotiated Israeli Palestinian peace process; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
4280) to authorize the President to award the Medal of Honor to Colonel Philip Conran of the United States Air Force for acts of valor during the Vietnam War; which was referred to the Committee on Armed Services. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 4262. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the commerce clause, the authority to enact this legislation is found in Clause 3 of Section 8, Article 1 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 4263. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution states that ‘‘The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 4264. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4 Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 
H.R. 4265. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 4266. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4267. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4268. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. 
H.R. 4269. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4270. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4271. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1 Section 8 Clause 14 states Congress shall have the power to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces. 
H.R. 4272. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 7 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 4273. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4274. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4275. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 4276. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8—to provide for the general welfare and to regulate commerce among the states. 
H.R. 4277. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 4278. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the ability to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 4279. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the 
H.R. 4280. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.J. Res. 78. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
this legislation is clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law. . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. . . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds, to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. 
H.J. Res. 79. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 676: Mr. M CNERNEY and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 986: Mr. W ALBERG and Mrs. R OBY. 
H.R. 1116: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Michigan, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. F LORES, and Mr. D OLD. 
KIND, Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, 
H.R. 1288: Ms. K USTER , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and 
H.R. 1431: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. F RANKS  
H.R. 1432: Mrs. B LACKBURN and Mr. F RANKS  
H.R. 1671: Mr. H OLDING , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and 
Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Mr. H ILL. 
H.R. 1923: Mrs. B EATTY and Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 2257: Mr. L OEBSACK and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 2411: Ms. E SHOO , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. L EE, 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. 
H.R. 2799: Mr. H ARRIS and Ms. M ATSUI . 
H.R. 2817: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P RICE of North 
H.R. 2847: Mr. K EATING and Mr. C A´RDENAS . 
H.R. 3099: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
H.R. 3180: Mr. H URDof Texas, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. C LARKE of New 
of Georgia, Ms. D ELBENE, and Mr. R IGELL . 
H.R. 3323: Mr. S IMPSON and Mr. A USTIN  
H.R. 3381: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Ms. K USTER . 
H.R. 3556: Mr. S CHIFF , Mr. O’R OURKE , and 
H.R. 3662: Mr. P ALMER , Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mr. 
ALLEN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. B OST, 
Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. N UNES . 
H.R. 3698: Mr. V EASEY . H.R. 3706: Ms. E STYand Mr. W OODALL . 
H.R. 3734: Ms. M CSALLY and Mr. G RIFFITH . 
H.R. 3785: Mr. K EATING , Mr. I SRAEL , and 
H.R. 3805: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. D IAZBALART , 
H.R. 3856: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. A MODEI , and 
H.R. 3858: Mr. B UCSHON and Mr. J ONES . 
H.R. 3990: Mr. F OSTER , Mr. V EASEY , and Mr. 
H.R. 4019: Mr. S ERRANO and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 4137: Mr. M EEKS and Mr. R ANGEL . 
H.R. 4152: Mr. B ILIRAKIS and Mr. J OHNSON  
H.R. 4185: Mrs. B LACK , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. 
BUCK, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
DESJARLAIS , Mr. O LSON , and Mr. F ORBES . 
H.R. 4240: Mr. V ELA, Mr. L ABRADOR , Mr. 
BURGESS , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, and Mr. 
H.R. 4257: Mr. R USSELL , Mr. S TIVERS , and 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas. 
H. Con. Res. 75: Mr. M CCAULand Mr. B OUSTANY . 
H. Con. Res. 100: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. 
MACARTHUR , Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. T OMPRICE 
H. Res. 428: Mr. K EATING and Mr. S COTT of 
H. Res. 523: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2016, and for other purposes, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S8689 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 16, 2015 No. 183 