2 days away from April 15, also known as tax day. It is a day that we all dread every year. 
complicated codes, and the fear of fines, paying taxes every year is a huge burden for hardworking Americans. In fact, U.S. taxpayers and businesses spend about 7.6 billion hours a year complying with the filing requirements of the IRS. 
But if you listen to the political discussion in our country very long, you will inevitably hear some lawmakers repeat one of their favorite lines, that all of our country’s budget problems would be solved if only we increased taxes, except increasing taxes increases government spending and crowds our private sector investment, diminishing our prosperity. 
the Tax Code and decrease the tax burden that Americans currently spend close to a third of the year bearing. 
strengthen and stabilize our economy, as well as give individuals and businesses longterm certainty. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of the House resolution declaring that gay, lesbian, and transgender people should be protected from discrimination under the law. 
Every day, LGBT Americans are denied housing and public accommodations. In 29 States, someone can be fired because they are gay, and in 32 States, someone can be fired because of their gender identity. In several States, there is an organized push to deny LGBT Americans their rights. 
action and passed nondiscrimination laws, as have hundreds of cities; yet this body has not. Congress is sworn to 
uphold the Constitution, the same Constitution that says no State shall ‘‘deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.’’ 
Constitution and take action. Support this resolution and protect these Americans—all Americans. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, at the heart of my congressional district lies Chester County, a community that relies on groundbreaking, thoughtful, probative reporting for its residents, a responsibility that the Daily Local News has filled for generations. 
the Daily Local News and Chester County as a newsman. He calls himself an ‘‘adjustable wrench’’ in the news business, which means he has served a multitude of functions to make sure that our Republic, as locally constituted in Chester County, is well informed. 
robust democracy requires a wellinformed citizenry; and to my constituents, as a journalist, Jim Callahan has served this function in exemplary fashion. 
‘‘old school journalist, who enjoys teaching and working with young reporters,’’ a breaking news junkie, and political nut. 
great sense of humor, and he is as pugnacious a journalist as he is witty an observer. At his core, Mr. Speaker, Jim Callahan greatly values the importance of local journalism, and for that, Chester County is better off for it. 
Representatives—the people’s House— and across Chester County, we want to thank you, Jim. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, it feels like open season on black men in America, and I am outraged. In fact, all Americans are at risk when bad actors in law enforcement use their guns instead of their heads. 
for action and despite my bills to reform the broken grand jury process, hold police accountable, and end militarization and despite my colleagues’ bills to encourage body cameras, this Congress does nothing—no hearings, no blue ribbon commissions—nothing. Mr. Speaker, here are just a few 
names of our colleagues, neighbors, and relatives killed by police, so my colleagues will no longer ignore this crisis: Walter Scott, North Carolina; Michael Brown, Missouri; Anthony Hill, Georgia; Tony Robinson, Wisconsin; Kevin Davis, Georgia; Nicholas Thomas, Georgia; Daniel Elrod, Nebraska; Antonio ZambranoMontes, Washington; David Kassick, Pennsylvania; Jessica Hernandez, Colorado; Kevin Davis, Georgia; Dennis Grigsby, Texas; Rumain Brisbon, Phoenix; Tamir Rice, Ohio; Akai Gurley, New York; Carlos M. Perez, Nevada; Kajieme Powell, Missouri; Ezell Ford, California; Dillon Taylor, Utah; John Crawford III, Ohio; Naeschylus Vinzant, Colorado; Charly Leundeu Keunang, California; and the list goes on. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
just a few days ago, most people don’t realize it, but the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services reduced physician reimbursement for Medicare patients by 21 percent. 
This is a deadline that we have been up against before, a drama that we have seen played out in this House multiple times during my tenure here. 
House of Representatives, right before the end of March, chose to act and passed, by a vote of 392 individuals, to repeal this formula that crops up every year and threatens our Medicare patients and those that provide care for them. 
body. The Chaplain talked about this being a season for renewal, and indeed, it is. It is my hope that in the other body that spirit of renewal will take hold, and they will take up and pass the bill that passed this House with an overwhelming majority some 2 weeks ago. 
It is time to do it. The other body 
today to acknowledge the outstanding work of Dr. Merlin Augustine and his wife, Beverly, of Fayetteville, Arkansas, and the event his foundation has sponsored for 22 years—the annual Easter Feed, held the Saturday before Easter. 
This year, a record 6,741 people enjoyed a meal fit for kings, served by men and women of all walks, including a number of local, State, and Federal officials and scores of volunteers. 
Augustine’s parents left their compassionate son an inheritance of $10,000 with which he established a foundation purposed in helping the less fortunate. The Easter Feed is its signature event. It is the kind of event that warms the heart, reminding all of us of our duty to care for those around us. 
I appreciate this beautiful couple for their kindness and their decency and their dedication to our community. My wife, Terri, and I always look forward to helping at the event. Few things in life give us more pleasure than the Easter Feed. 
U.S. GOVERNMENT OKAYS OIL EXPORTS FOR IRAN BUT NO OIL EXPORTS FOR AMERICA? 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
United States is now the largest crude oil producer in the world, but instead of exporting excess oil like other nations, the United States oil producers are forced to leave oil in the ground. The solution is clear—lift the crude oil ban. We should follow the Blue Bell Ice Cream philosophy: use all you can and sell the rest—here, in this case, abroad. 
Exports will improve our national security by increasing United States influence around the world. We can make Middle Eastern oil, politics, and their turmoil irrelevant. Europe gets 40 percent of its oil from Russia, and our exports will give Europeans an alternative to Putin’s monopoly and will thwart his aggression. Japan and South Korea rely on crude oil from Iran to satisfy their growing energy consumption. 
Speaking of Iran, Mr. Speaker, because of the deal, it is now U.S. Government policy to eventually allow Iran to export crude oil, but it is U.S. policy to prohibit U.S. producers to do the same. How nutty is that? 
of jobs, inject billions of dollars into the economy, and help advance our national interests abroad. Make the same deal with America the Government made with Iran—allow oil exports. 
Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 17 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WALKER ) at 4 p.m. COMMUNICATION FROM THE 
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
That the Senate agreed to S. Con. Res. 11. With best wishes, I am 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 299) to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015’’. 
paragraph and subject to clause (ii), a credit union which lacks Federal deposit insurance and which has applied for membership in a Federal home loan bank may be treated as meeting all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance only if the appropriate supervisor of the State in which the credit union is chartered has determined that the credit union meets all the eligibility requirements for Federal deposit insurance as of the date of the application for membership. 
any provision of State law authorizing a conservator or liquidating agent of a credit union to repudiate contracts, no such provision shall apply with respect to— 
such credit union securing any such extension of credit. 
HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES .—Notwithstanding any State law to the contrary, if a Bank makes an advance under section 10 to a Statechartered credit union that is not federally insured— 
securing such advance has the same priority and is afforded the same standing and rights that the security interest would have had if the advance had been made to a federally insured credit union; and 
‘‘(ii) the Bank has the same right to access 
such collateral that the Bank would have had if the advance had been made to a federally insured credit union.’’. 
Not later than 18 months after the date of 
enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study and submit a report to Congress— 
the deposits of which are insured by a private deposit insurer, information on the level of compliance with Federal regulations relating to the disclosure of a lack of Federal deposit insurance. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APUANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. STIVERS ), the sponsor of this 
299, the Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act. 
I would like to thank Chairman HENSARLING and the other bill sponsors— 
As you can hear, I lost my voice last 
night, but I am the voice for 1.2 million people who are currently denied access to the liquidity that the Federal Home Loan Bank system offers inside financial transactions. 
statutory change that would allow nonfederally insured credit unions to apply for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank system. It would not guarantee their memberships. They would go through the normal underwriting process like any other applicant. The irony here is that every other credit union can join the Federal Home Loan Bank system, and every other bank and many nonbank entities, like insurance companies, are allowed to join the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Only privately insured credit unions are denied. 
unions in nine States representing 1.2 million people, including firefighters and teachers and church workers and small business people, with total assets of $13 billion, people who are not insured by the Federal Government but who are insured by a mutual private insurance company and so are denied access to the Federal Home Loan Bank system. This bill would simply change that and fix it. 
there is no risk to the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Two, no more than $4 billion of that $13 billion could be pledged to the Federal Home Loan Bank system at any one time, and that is if all 128 credit unions joined the Federal Home Loan Bank system. Three, there is no concentration risk. There is no disproportionate risk with these institutions. 
give these 1.2 million people the access to the liquidity that the Federal Home Loan Bank system would offer them. 
this legislation, which would give community financial institutions the ability to apply for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank system and 
which would provide important liquidity to these 1.2 million people who might want to buy a home or live the American Dream. 
who helped so hard to get this bill done, Congresswoman JOYCE BEATTY  
from Ohio; and I want to thank Chairman NEUGEBAUER , Chairman H ENSARLING , and the other cosponsors of 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), 
Mrs. BEATTY. Thank you, Mr. C APUANO, for yielding me time. 
support of the Capital Access for Small Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015, H.R. 299. 
support of H.R. 299. My colleagues on both sides of the aisle supported this bill in a bipartisan fashion, a bill on which I am very proud to be the lead Democrat. We have worked together to have H.R. 299 reported out of the House Financial Services Committee with a vote of 56–1. In fact, last year, the same bill passed unanimously on this House floor by 395–0. 
299 would permit privately insured credit unions to apply for membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank system. A primary benefit of the Federal Home Loan Bank membership is having access to lowcost secured funding, which is a tremendous benefit to consumers. H.R. 299 would not, however, mandate the privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal Home Loan Bank. Therefore, under this legislation, a Federal Home Loan Bank would maintain the discretion to accept or to reject a privately insured credit union’s application for membership based on its risk tolerance and underwriting guidelines. 
Why do we need this bill? H.R. 299 is an extremely important 
piece of legislation for these privately insured credit unions because it would help give members and businesses greater access to credit in a tight credit market. Currently, there are approximately 6,400 credit unions across the country, including some 128 to 130 privately insured credit unions. Of that number of those privately insured credit unions, Mr. Speaker, 57 of them are actually in Ohio. Both I and Mr. STIVERS, the sponsor of the bill, are from 
the great State of Ohio. These 57 privately insured credit unions in Ohio serve more than 333,000 members in Ohio, and, roughly, 145,000 of those members are actually in my district. 
Community Financial Institutions Act of 2015, or H.R. 299, comes to the floor today because of the very important role we believe that credit unions play in consumer lending and homeownership across this country. For instance, this bill would improve 
access to home mortgage loans for members of three privately insured credit unions that are actually based in my district, the Third Congressional District of Ohio. Those are the Whitehall Credit Union, Producers Employee Credit Union, and the Central Credit Union. Additionally, this legislation has garnered support from the exclusive insurers of privately insured credit unions across the country—American Share Insurance, or ASI. ASI, which is based in central Ohio, which is just north of my district, continues to provide employment for many Ohioans, and it has never previously had a privately insured credit union depositor lose money. 
299 because this bipartisan legislation is good policy, is good for small credit unions, and may spur the growth of small credit unions, which serve the needs of their members, both individuals and businesses. Importantly, H.R. 299 has bipartisan, nationwide support for local communities and businesses. 
Mr. Speaker, I believe this legislation is a perfect example of the type of regular order, committeedriven actions that we should use, actually, as a template for bipartisan cooperation in the House and which, indeed, if enacted, would bring real benefits to the national housing market. I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 299. 
have no other speakers at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
no further speakers. I would just like to add my voice in support of this bill. It is a very commonsense bill, and I am proud to be able to support it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to echo the remarks that have been made. 
Main Street, and it helps consumers. There was a little glitch here in the marketplace when these privately insured credit unions were not able to access the Federal Home Loan Banks. It just makes sense that they do that. This bill passed out of our committee 56–1. With that, I urge my colleagues to pass this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. 
offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 299. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
LeachBliley Act to provide an exception to the annual privacy notice requirement. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(15 U.S.C. 6803) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APUANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to add extraneous material on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, it 
is my pleasure to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ), the original author of 
this bill and one who has done a lot of work in this area. 
Mr. Speaker, year after year, millions of dollars are spent on privacy notices that are either disregarded or are confusing to consumers. Let’s think about the cost of this. 
cost in postage alone, but it also adds its compliance costs, the cost of supplies, printing fees, and man hours. Under current law, financial institutions are required to provide annual privacy notices explaining informationsharing practices to customers. Banks and credit unions have had to give these notices each year even if the privacy policies have not changed. This creates not only waste for financial institutions but confusion and increased costs to consumers. I talked to one community bank in 
my district recently that said they spend, roughly, 70 cents per disclosure. With a minimum of 250,000 accounts and customers, this one bank spends at least $175,000 on this one requirement. It may not seem like a lot of money to my colleagues, but I can tell you that $175,000 is a lot of money for a small institution like the one in my district. By the way, this is an institution with less than $10 billion in assets, so it will not be helped by the recent changes implemented by the CFPB. 
what exactly this bill will do. This legislation will only remove the Gramm LeachBliley annual privacy notice requirement if an institution has not in any way changed its privacy policies or procedures. This legislation does not exempt an institution from an initial privacy notice, nor does it allow a loophole for an institution to avoid using an updated notice. 
does not jeopardize consumer privacy; and it does not exempt any institution from having to produce an initial or an amended privacy notice. This legislation does eliminate millions of costly, confusing, and often ignored mailings; and with the passage of this bill, information included in these mailings would likely become more significant to the consumer because it would come only when a change in the privacy notice policy is effected. 
that similar language passed the House by a voice vote in the 111th, 112th, and 113th Congresses. 
Mr. NEUGEBAUER. I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. 
this year, this legislation passed the Committee on Financial Services by a voice vote of 57–0. This legislation is supported by a litany of trade associations representing banks and credit unions. 
friend across the aisle, for his bipartisan work on this bill. 
I ask my colleagues for their support. Mr. CAPUANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN). 
work on this bill. This bill has passed virtually unanimously this House in the 111th, 112th, and 113th Congresses. Now it has passed our committee 57–0. 
of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for moving in the direction of this bill as far as they could, but now it is time to codify this important change. This will not only save money for the small and mediumsized institutions and the entire financial services industry; it is going to get the consumer to focus on changes that are important. 
There is no better way to hide a tree 
than to put it in the forest, and there is no better way to trivialize and cause consumers to ignore important legally required notification than to deluge them with unnecessary, meaningless, and repetitive notifications. 
efficient. It is not only consistent, I believe, with what the regulators would like to do; it has passed, overwhelmingly, every time Members of the House have had a chance to deal with it. 
I commend the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. LUETKEMEYER ). 
don’t have any other speakers, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
just like to add my voice to those who support this bill, another commonsense bill that hopefully won’t take us three more Congresses to get our friends on the other side to actually take action on something that is relatively simple and straightforward. I personally throw out six or seven of these notifications every month, so I would assume that millions of people are doing the same. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to add my support as well to this bill. This is a commonsense bill. This bill passed 57–0 in our committee. It ends a lot of confusion. You get those privacy notices when you open those accounts, and then all of a sudden next year you get another one, and you are trying to figure out whether you should have gotten one, if you should read that. What we have found is that probably a lot of people aren’t reading those. This is a very commonsense bill, and I encourage people to support that. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1259) to provide for an application process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act’’. 
after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection shall establish an application process under which a person who lives or does business in a State may, with respect to an area identified by the person in such State that has not been designated by the Bureau as a rural area for purposes of a Federal consumer financial law (as defined under section 1002 of the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010), apply for such area to be so designated. 
have any force or effect after the end of the 2year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. N EUGEBAUER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APUANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 7 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), one of the primary authors of this bill. 
chairman of the Subcommittee on Financial Institutions and Consumer Credit for yielding and for his support of this legislation. I also want to thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle who have joined together to support this bipartisan legislation that makes a small but sensible legislative correction to a regulatory policy that we have all heard from our constituents does not work as intended. 
worked with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HINOJOSA ) to reintroduce H.R. 
1259, the Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act, or HELP Rural Communities Act, in this Congress. This legislation has now cleared the Committee on Financial Services in two consecutive Congresses with overwhelming bipartisan support. Furthermore, this Chamber approved identical legislation just 11 months ago by voice vote under suspension of the rules. 
Our Federalist system of limited government enshrines in the law the idea that State and local entities know their communities better than any centralized bureaucracy in Washington. The HELP Rural Communities Act reaffirms this commitment by addressing a bizarre situation resulting from the imposition of a onesizefitsall government regulation that fails to consider the diversity of the cities, towns, and rural areas across America. 
conversation that I had with a constituent, a third generation banker in rural Bath County, Kentucky. This constituent, Thomas Richards, was bewildered to learn that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau had designated Bath County, population 11,591—yes, that is the entire county— as nonrural. His family’s bank had survived the Great Depression, the stagflation of the late 1970s and early 1980s, and the Great Recession of 2008; and yet his testimony, Thomas Richards’ testimony, this third generation Kentucky community banker, was that his small community bank in rural Kentucky was being imperiled by an avalanche of red tape coming out of Washington bureaucracy. There are similar stories from rural communities across this country. This nonrural designation matters 
because the DoddFrank Act acknowledges that rural areas may be underserved credit markets and so should be treated differently under financial regulations, thus an improper nonrural designation by the Bureau, such as Bath County, puts constraints on financial products, specifically responsibly underwritten balloon loans that a bank or credit union can offer in its community, reducing access to credit in rural America. Balloon loans are common throughout rural America because they offer flexibility to consumers whose incomes are often cyclical and dependent on commodities, while helping small community banks 
H.R. 1259 fixes the problem by ensuring that rural areas are treated under the law as intended, by allowing entities that feel that they have been improperly designated to appeal that decision. Here is what the bill does: 
which individuals within a State could petition the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to have that area redesignated and to have the Bureau reconsider its improper designation of ‘‘nonrural’’ for the area that is plainly rural. The legislation specifies a number of commonsense factors that the Bureau must consider when evaluating an application. Upon receiving an application, the Bureau is to provide for a 90day public comment period, and then grant or deny such an application within an additional 90 days. Whatever the outcome, the Bureau shall publish in the Federal Register an explanation of the factors it relied on in making its determination. The bill allows appellants to identify the area that is improperly designated. We don’t want to lock people into using counties or ill fitting census tracts that don’t accurately represent the boundaries of their communities. 
contribution to this feature of the legislation. This element is important because county sizes and census definitions of statistical areas can vary significantly throughout the country, particularly in Western States. 
Recognizing the issue with its designation process, on January 29, the Bureau proposed a rule to expand its formula to include census tracts in addition to county lines in its rural designation process. Unfortunately, this administrative correction that was prompted by this legislation is still inadequate because census tracts are only updated once every 10 years and were designed for demographic data collection, not regulatory purposes. The result is that the Bureau’s formula may now consider most of a rural county primarily farmland or wilderness to be rural, but the small town that would be home to the actual community bank or credit union may remain nonrural. 
not be covered by this expanded designation. There are plenty of similar examples throughout the country of the Bureau oddly designating manifestly rural areas as ‘‘nonrural.’’ Furthermore, the Bureau still has not implemented an appeals process for improperly designated communities. 
Mr. Speaker, in summary, this legislation is about inviting individuals— the American people—to participate in their government and provide input on matters of local knowledge. It is about making the Federal Government more accessible, more accountable, and more responsive to the people who know their local communities best. 
I am pleased that this legislation enjoys bipartisan support and, again, want to thank Representative HINOJOSA for joining me as a cosponsor of 
this legislation. I want to thank Chairman NEUGEBAUER for his cosponsorship 
and stewardship of the legislation in committee, as well as my friend Congressman FRENCH HILLfor joining as a 
broad coalition, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Conference of State Bank Supervisors, the National Association of Realtors, the American Bankers Association, the Independent Community Bankers of America, the Credit Union National Association, and the National Association of Federal Credit Unions. 
focused bill to address a real problem imposed by Washington on rural America. I appreciate the opportunity to present it here today, and I urge my 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. HINOJOSA ), 
Mr. HINOJOSA. I want to thank Congressman M IKECAPUANO for yielding 
of H.R. 1259, the Helping Expand Lending Practices in Rural Communities Act. This commonsense legislation would provide muchneeded relief to rural Americans not just in my district, but in districts all over the country. 
esteemed colleague from Kentucky, Representative ANDY BARR, for introducing this very important piece of legislation once again. I fully agree with Congressman BARR’s examples 
which he gave affecting his district and all of the State of Kentucky because in the great State of Texas, we have examples that will mirror those that you 
All across my district—and I represent approximately 80 communities in my congressional district that expands 250 miles geographically—many rural communities are having trouble getting access to credit, while credit unions and small banks are also finding it difficult to service their members and clients. The designation of a county as rural 
has many implications for lenders in those areas, especially with regard to the credit products that they can offer. For example, under the new qualified mortgage rules, balloon mortgage payments, which are a common credit product offered in rural communities, would expose small creditors to increased legal liability. Because of this, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau established a safe harbor to allow for small creditors in counties as I have described designated as rural to continue offering this financial product which serves so many of the people in those areas; but if not designated as rural, many of those communities I have mentioned will not qualify for the safe harbor exemption. 
to fix something that needs to be fixed in terms of home mortgage lending. This bill gives those who do business in rural communities all over the country the ability to petition the CFPB to reverse an improper designation of nonrural for a county that is clearly rural. It will give lenders in many areas throughout my district the flexibility they need to offer the credit products that their members depend on, while still keeping in place the very important consumer protections established under the new QM rules. 
I would like to once again thank Representative BARR for his outstanding 
work on this bill and in our committee. It has been wonderful collaborating with him to bring the concerns of rural communities to the forefront. 
I respectfully request that my colleagues on both sides of the aisle vote ‘‘yes’’ on passage of H.R. 1259. 
don’t have any other speakers at this time, so I will reserve the balance of my time. 
I would like to add my voice to supporting this bill as well. 
I will tell you unequivocally, my definition of rural is whatever ANDYBARR 
people in a county? I have that on a street; I have that in a building. I will tell you that I understand full well that there are underserved communities in rural areas, as there are even in some of the most urban areas in the country. 
I thank the gentleman for this bill. I will tell you that my definition of 
rural is anyplace that would take me more than 15 minutes to drive to some good Italian food. If you can’t do that, it must be rural. 
I am glad that this bill is about to 
pass, and I thank the gentleman for offering it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
just want to close by saying I appreciate Mr. BARR’s and Mr. H INOJOSA ’s 
work on this very important issue. One of the reasons we are here and 
bringing these bills today is because we have had a tremendous reduction in the number of communitybased financial institutions that serve rural America. In the last 4 or 5 years, we have lost over a thousand community banks and we have lost over a thousand credit unions. That is a real problem for our smaller communities. One of the things that this bill helps to do is that in many communities there is one bank, there is one financial institution, and without the ability to have flexibility to make these kinds of mortgages, in many cases there would not be mortgages available in those communities. This is a commonsense bill. It passed 56–2 out of our committee. I would urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1265) to apply the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Bureau Advisory Commission Transparency Act’’. 
Protection Act of 2010 (12 U.S.C. 5493) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APUANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within 
which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. DUFFY ), the primary 
author of this bill, who has worked tirelessly to make sure that these advisory committees have transparency. 
Mr. DUFFY. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding to me. I thank him for his support in regard to my legislation and for all the work he does on Financial Services, as well as the support from the chairman and ranking member of the Committee on Financial Services. I am grateful to them as well. 
think it is very often that we come in in a kumbaya moment in regard to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. I think those who follow our committee would recognize that there are a few differences in how the CFPB is structured and how it should move forward. We have had that debate. All of us agree that consumers should be protected, and they should have a strong advocate in that protection. 
elements of the CFPB, I am proud today that we have a bipartisan group coming in talking about some straightforward reforms that make some of the rules from the CFPB work a lot better and help consumers out, help Americans out, help our constituents out. 
In regard to my bill, in the last Congress, I tried to go to one of the advisory committees at the CFPB. Now, most of these are usually open in government. There are only a couple of exceptions. If you work at the CIA, the CIA doesn’t open up their advisory committee meetings for obvious purposes and reasons; and the Fed, with the FOMC, when they are setting monetary policy, they too don’t open up their meetings, community advisory meetings, for obvious purposes. 
But when I tried to go to a CFPB 
meeting in the last Congress, I was told by the CFPB that they would not accommodate my request because their meetings were closed. That concerned me because the CFPB has said that ‘‘transparency is at the core of our agenda, and it is the key part of how we operate.’’ On their Web site, they say that ‘‘you deserve to know what we’re doing for the American public and how we are doing it.’’ 
rest of government opens up their meetings, the CFPB wouldn’t open up their meetings and allow the public to hear the conversation and the dialogue that was going on. I highly doubt the information is as sensitive as what is taking place at the CIA or setting monetary policy, and if we are protecting consumers, that should be an open conversation and debate. When I introduced a similar bill in 
the last Congress, I actually received a phone call from the Director, who said: You know what? This is a good bill. You know, we have had some disagreement on how the CFPB is run, but we will open up our meetings. 
call we had we weren’t on the same page or what. I am not going to say it was trickery on the Director’s part, but what happened was the CFPB opened up only a small portion of their advisory committee meetings, about an hour and a half, and in the other vast majority of the meetings, they moved them into what was called a subcommittee so they wouldn’t be open. What my bill today does is make sure these meetings are open to the public, that we as a community, as an American family, get to see the conversation that is taking place in the advisory committees to the CFPB. It makes complete sense. 
friends across the aisle were supportive of this measure. The ranking member, Ms. WATERS , actually spoke kind of in 
favor of my proposal. I mean, I took it that way. She voted for it and recommended a vote in favor of it. I appreciate her bipartisanship. 
work, making it accountable, making it transparent, and that is a start, at least in the advisory meetings that our government takes part in. 
grateful for the time, and I urge my colleagues to support this great piece of bipartisan, transparent legislation. 
bill. As Mr. DUFFY just said, on occasion, we can come to an agreement. This is the second CFPB bill we have done in a row. There are many things we would like to work together on. 
the other items on the CFPB, some of the members of the Financial Services Committee would kind of get off the horse a little bit and come on down and work with us. 
far as I am concerned. The CFPB already does some of the things this act would impose, but they should do them all. There is no question about it. That is why this is an easy bill to support. I thank Mr. DUFFY for offering it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman from Wisconsin’s work on this. Some of the points that he made is that this is about transparency. Why that is important is because this agency, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, is making the important decisions about the kinds of financial products that American families can access. 
that, in many ways, the actions of this agency have been beginning to reduce 
some of the availability of some of those financial products. 
advisory groups. I want to commend the agency for having those, but I think it is important, also, for the American people to hear the comments and the discussions that are going on that could inevitably affect the kinds of financial products that they are going to be able to access in the future. 
other agencies have to fall under the FACA, but because this agency is tucked inside the Federal Reserve—and the Federal Reserve currently is exempt—but, quite honestly, the only other agencies that are exempt from it are the CIA, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Federal Reserve as they are talking about monetary policy. I hardly believe that the CFPB falls in the same category of any of these other agencies that are exempt. 
This is a commonsense piece of legislation. It allows that same transparency available in all other agencies across the government and allows the American people to hear those important discussions about their future and about the financial products that they are going to be able to access in the future. 
this was a bipartisan bill that passed 56–2 out of our committee. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1367) to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
Availability Act (12 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.) is amended— 
inserting ‘‘, located in the United States,’’ after ‘‘ATM’’; 
inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; 
inserting ‘‘American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands,’’ after ‘‘Puerto Rico,’’; and 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APUANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on the bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
There was no objection. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
Mr. Speaker, this is a noncontroversial, bipartisan bill. It was carried by the Democratic Representative from American Samoa last Congress. 
would improve the check clearing wait times in American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. Other noncontiguous U.S. States and territories are already subject to this act. This bill provides parity and helps improve financial services in American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
This bill passed the House on suspension last Congress. 
I rise in support of this bill as well. 
Again, it is a simple, straightforward bill that simply says that American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands are part of America, as is every other part of America. They should be treated the same. 
This bill corrects a law that currently does not allow them to be treated the same in financial services matters. It should be passed immediately. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. NEUGEBAUER. Mr. Speaker, I 
American Samoa submitted to me in reference to this. She is the primary sponsor. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 
1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that 
act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
I would first like to thank Chairman Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters, as well as the House Financial Services Committee staff, who worked so hard to get this bill to the floor. I appreciate their dedication, as do the people of American Samoa and the CNMI. 
Samoa, both geographically and economically, lends itself to difficulties in financial transactions that take place between American Samoa and those off island. 
must wait an exorbitant amount of time before they can receive offisland funds that have been sent to them. These delays often cause hardships that are both unnecessary and unfounded. 
delays that the people of American Samoa must currently deal with in order to receive funds sent to them from offisland. 
Hensarling and Ranking Member Waters for their consideration of this measure that will greatly improve the lives of the people of American Samoa. 
House of Representatives to vote in favor of this bill that will bring American Samoa and the CNMI into the fold financially in regards to offisland transactions. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SABLAN. Mr. Speaker, the people of 
the Northern Mariana Islands deserve the same protections of federal law as other Americans. Making sure my people get equal treatment is one of the reasons I came to Congress and equivalent treatment brings me to the floor today in support of H.R. 1367. 
protections of the Expedited Funds Availability Act to the people of the Northern Marianas and American Samoa. This would mean that account holders in the Northern Marianas and American Samoa would have timely access to their money when they deposit a check in their bank. 
Northern Marianas and American Samoa as apply in Alaska, Hawai’i, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands—the areas of our nation not directly connected to the contiguous forty eight states. 
It may be that in 1987, when the Expedited 
Funds Availability Act was first adopted, the Northern Marianas and American Samoa seemed remote from the rest of America. Back then, paper checks may have been bundled up and sent through the mail. So delays were inevitable. 
With a smart phone many banking customers can take a picture of a check and deposit it in their account without even going to the bank. 
I have checked with the major banks in my 
district; none has any problem with having this federal law apply to their operations—because they all do business electronically and make deposits quickly available. 
So, clearly, it is time to update federal banking laws with respect to the Northern Marianas and American Samoa and join the 21st century. 
AUMUA AMATA COLEMAN RADEWAGEN , for introducing H.R. 1367. And I want to congratulate her for getting her bill moved through the Financial Services Committee and brought to the floor quickly and early in the 114th Congress. 
before, but died in the Senate. But the quick start that Congresswoman RADEWAGEN has 
given her bill will allow the Senate more time—and, we hope, enough time—to make this simple correction to the way federal law applies in two of our nation’s insular areas. 
WATERS , and all the members of the Financial 
Services Committee for recognizing that creating a uniform application of federal banking law—at least with respect to how quickly depositors have access to their funds—is an area of bipartisan consensus. 
I ask all Members of the House to agree 
today in support of H.R. 1367, to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands. 
I would first like to thank Chairman HENSARLING , and Ranking Member W ATERS as 
well as the House Financial Services Committee staff who worked so hard to get this bill to the floor. I appreciate their dedication as do the people of American Samoa and the CNMI. 
Samoa, both geographically and economically, lends itself to difficulties in financial transactions that take place between American Samoa and those off island. 
must wait an exorbitant amount of time before they can receive offisland funds that have been sent to them. These delays often cause hardships that are both unnecessary and unfounded. 
delays that the people of American Samoa must currently deal with in order to receive funds sent to them from offisland. 
Again, I would like to thank Chairman HENSARLING and Ranking Member W ATERS for 
their consideration of this measure that will greatly improve the lives of the people of American Samoa. 
Mr. Speaker, I ask all Members of the U.S. 
House of Representatives to vote in favor of this bill that will bring American Samoa and the CNMI into the fold financially in regards to off island transactions. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1480) to ensure access to certain information for financial services 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of 
Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘SAFE Act 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGEBAUER ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. C APUANO) each will control 20 minutes. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous materials on this bill. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
bill that encourages informationsharing between Federal and State regulators. 
Ensuring the confidentiality of information provided to the National Mortgage Licensing System encourages its uses, which better protects consumers from bad actors who switch States for licensing purposes to evade scrutiny. 
for financial institutions that privileged information shared between Federal banking regulators and State regulatory agencies will be protected and remain confidential. 
of sharing between institutions and their regulators, and will allow our Nation’s financial regulators to do their jobs to ensure that our financial institutions are operating lawfully, while, at the same time, able to offer consumer credit products that are critical to Americans to finance their everyday purchases and start small businesses. 
all 50 States, and it is supported by the Conference of State Bank Supervisors. 
This bill passed the House on suspension last Congress, and it passed the Senate by unanimous consent. 
social issues, I consider myself a liberal. On most fiscal matters, I consider myself a conservative in the true sense of the word, not the new sense of the 
word, meaning that you should pay for those things that you want. 
consider myself a proud Libertarian. There is absolutely no reason for anyone who doesn’t need information that I don’t want them to have to get, period. It is my information, my information to share only with those with whom I wish to share it. 
This bill takes one step further towards keeping my information private and confidential between me and those people I seek to share it with. It is a great bill. I look forward to voting for it. 
shared to simply keep our financial services system going, but there is no reason whatsoever to allow it to be nonconfidential and to be spread around and be available to anybody who might want to look at it. 
forward for us to vote on, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
is my honor to yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DOLD), the primary 
author of this bill, who has worked tirelessly in this area. 
want to thank the chairman for his leadership. I want to thank my good friend from Massachusetts, and I also want to comment on the fact that we are delighted that you are a Libertarian on some of these things. 
the SAFE Act Confidentiality and Privilege Enhancement Act, it preserves the ability of the State and Federal financial regulators to share information regarding consumer financial services businesses that are licensed at the State level in the National Mortgage Licensing System without losing the privilege and confidentiality protections provided by State and Federal law. 
This is a bipartisan bill that promotes smart and efficient regulation among State regulators. It ensures that State regulators can talk to their colleagues across State lines regarding multistate financial service entities without losing traditional privilege and constitutionality protections. 
the unintended gap in the existing National Mortgage Licensing System statute. As State regulators have expanded their use of the NMLS in order to enhance consumer protections, to combat fraud, increase uniformity, and reduce regulatory burdens in licensing processes, privacy protections have not kept up. 
This is a commonsense bill that provides regulators with the certainty that they can continue to share information and collaborate with their colleagues across State lines. 
Protecting the integrity of the National Mortgage Licensing System is important because it better protects 
consumers from bad actors who switch States for licensing purposes to evade scrutiny. 
district. The fact is that we are not against regulations. We just want our regulations to be smart and tailored, and this is one of those things that, again, working across the aisle and trying to find common ground, this is one that I believe that we can agree on. 
privilege or confidentiality rights. It merely ensures that the existing privilege and confidentiality protections are retained when information is shared through the National Mortgaging Licensing System so that regulators can share information and communicate. 
the Conference of State Bank Supervisors, the Credit Union National Association, and the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation, in my home State. 
Privilege Enhancement Act passed out of this committee, out of the Financial Services Committee, 58–0. I certainly urge my colleagues to support this bill, and look forward to its passage. 
this truly is a bipartisan bill. It is a commonsense bill. I think the whole group of bills that we have seen this afternoon will go a long way to helping keep commonsense regulations; at the same time, making sure the consumers are protected. So I urge my colleagues to support passage of this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. DOLD) at 6 o’clock and 30 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 650, PRESERVING ACCESS TO MANUFACTURED HOUSING ACT OF 2015, PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 685, MORTGAGE CHOICE ACT OF 2015, AND PROVIDING FOR ADOPTION OF S. CON. RES. 11, CONCURRENT RESOLUTION ON THE BUDGET, FISCAL YEAR 2016 
on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–65) on the resolution (H. Res. 189) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 650) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a highcost mortgage, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 685) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction, and providing for adoption of the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall No. 
145, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes.’’ 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1265) to apply the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. NEUGE BAUER ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 401, nays 2, not voting 28, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra 
Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano Ca´rdenas 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel 
Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) 
Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Maloney, Sean Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree 
Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruppersberger Russell Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas 
Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall 
Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Clarke (NY) Cooper Crawford Edwards Ellison Fincher Gohmert Grayson Grijalva Gutie´rrez 
Hanna King (NY) Loebsack Lucas Marchant Meng Nugent Pittenger Rooney (FL) Ruiz 
Rush Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Sanchez, Loretta Smith (WA) Visclosky Westmoreland 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 9, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
Center is authorized to be used on April 16, 2015, for a ceremony as part of the commemoration of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as may be prescribed by the Architect of the Capitol. 
AUTHORIZING THE USE OF EMANCIPATION HALL IN THE CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER FOR A CEREMONY TO PRESENT THE CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO THE AMERICAN FIGHTER ACES 
unanimous consent that the Committee on House Administration be discharged from further consideration of House Concurrent Resolution 34, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution 
CEREMONY TO PRESENT CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL TO AMERICAN FIGHTER ACES. 
Center is authorized to be used on May 20, 2015, for a ceremony to present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces collectively, in recognition of their heroic military service and defense of our country’s freedom throughout the history of aviation warfare. Physical preparations for the conduct of the ceremony shall be carried out in accordance with such conditions as the Architect of the Capitol may prescribe. 
the table. AUTHORIZING Mr. HARPER. Mr. Speaker, I ask 
unanimous consent that it may be in order at any time on Wednesday, April 29, 2015, for the Speaker to declare a recess, subject to the call of the Chair, for the purpose of receiving in joint meeting His Excellency Shinzo Abe, Prime Minister of Japan. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
unanimous consent that when the House adjourns on Tuesday, April 28, 2015, it adjourn to meet at 10 a.m. on Wednesday, April 29, 2015. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Mississippi? 
I ask unanimous consent that I may hereafter be considered to be the first sponsor of H.R. 978, a bill originally introduced by Representative Schock of Illinois, for the purpose of adding cosponsors and requesting reprintings pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Indiana? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
there are over 5 million Americans living with Alzheimer’s disease. These patients encounter countless obstacles as they learn to live and cope with a condition that dramatically impacts their lives. 
When a doctor gives the news to a patient that they have Alzheimer’s, it is often difficult for those who are afflicted, as well as their loved ones, to plan the next steps. 
HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act that would provide Medicare beneficiaries with a care planning session to offer information about treatment options for those diagnosed with this disease and their caretakers. 
By giving patients and their caretakers an opportunity to plan for the 
quality of life for those that are afflicted with Alzheimer’s. 
Mr. Speaker, for millions of Americans and their families that are affected by Alzheimer’s, the HOPE for Alzheimer’s Act will help give them the information and support that they need to take this disease head on. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
absolutely thrilled to congratulate Providence College on their first ever NCAA men’s ice hockey championship. 
fell behind twice but managed to regain the lead each time. In a stunning finish, PC held off a relentless attack on their goal for over 6 minutes. 
Providence College team have so much to be proud of this season. With a 26–13– 2 season record, they came in second place in their conference behind their eventual opponent, Boston University, in the finals. 
I would like to take this time to offer 
my congratulations to both teams, but most especially congratulations to the entire Providence College men’s hockey team on a welldeserved victory and an outstanding season. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to recognize the 2015 Cumberland Valley High School girls basketball team for winning its second straight Pennsylvania Interscholastic Athletic Association AAAA title. 
record and were the Mid Penn and District 3 Champions as well. Incredibly, this was their third State final appearance in a row. 
reason for this incredible run of success, I need only point you to the Cumberland Valley girls basketball vision statement, which states that this program ‘‘provides a setting for girls to prepare for the ‘game of life’ through the teaching of hard work, cooperation, responsibility, leadership, discipline, sportsmanship, and other essential life skills.’’ 
and exemplary court behavior, is a source of great pride for both the school and community. 
District is thrilled with and so proud of these fine young women. I offer my 
heartfelt congratulations to the team, coaches, families, and supporters for this exceptional accomplishment. 
today to speak on the 50th anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act enacted in 1965 to ensure access to a quality education for all students. 
right by our students and reauthorize this legislation and make it even stronger. Sadly, there has been Republican attempts to send us back to 1965. H.R. 5, Republican legislation that passed out of the committee, will undoubtedly undo the past 50 years of education progress that we have made. 
A true display of Robin Hood in reverse, this legislation strips resources away from our neediest students, widening achievement gaps and leaving our lowincome students behind. 
schools, we must work together to reauthorize a stronger ESEA that upholds the principles of equal access to education for all, rich or poor. 
From promoting access to early education so students can start out strong to investing in STEM education and supporting our teachers, we need a reauthorized ESEA that puts our students first. Educating our students shouldn’t be a Democratic or Republican issue. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, while back in my district on April 4, I was proud to be in Erie County, Pennsylvania, for the fourth annual Running for Parkinson’s race, which is an event that seeks to raise awareness for this disease that affects more than 1 million people in the United States alone. 
April is Parkinson’s Disease Awareness Month, and recently, I had the opportunity to meet with Lynne Gotham, coordinator at Parkinson Partners of northwest Pennsylvania, and Angela Badaracco, founder of the local nonprofit Running for Parkinson’s. 
Angela was diagnosed with Parkinson’s back in 2005 at the young age of 32 and, since then, has been committed to raise funds to combat this disease. Since Angela and her husband, Matt, started the Running for Parkinson’s race 4 years ago, they have helped raise over $12,000 for Parkinson’s research. It was my privilege to attend this 
year’s race, and I applaud Angela and Parkinson Partners of northwest Pennsylvania for helping to bring hope and awareness to those living with this disease. 
CELEBRATING THE 50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, since its inception, the Elementary and Secondary Education Act was and remains a civil rights law. ESEA plays a fundamental role in protecting the rights and educational opportunity of students living in poverty, students of color, students learning English, and students with disabilities. 
great progress, but tremendous work remains. Any reauthorization of ESEA must maintain the strong civil rights protections of this historic law. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, amazingly, in the fourth year of record drought in California, the Bureau of Reclamation, in its infinite wisdom, decided to release 15,000 acre feet of additional water to help aid the downstream swimming of six steelhead fish—this in the time of agriculture being cut anywhere from 100 to 50 percent in some areas, receiving 0 percent allocations, cities seeing their needs for horticultural and ornamental needs being cut off, everybody having to scrimp and save on water in California, except for the Bureau’s interpretation of the Endangered Species Act. 
back into interpretation of the Endangered Species Act as what was put in place in 1973. 15,000 acre feet would be enough for 30,000 households for a year, 4,000 acres of crop land; yet the allocation to move six fish merrily down the stream is the priority right now in California. 
need to have smarter interpretation of the Endangered Species Act and these water allocations, ostensibly, for fisheries. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
I rise to recognize a significant milestone that occurred 50 years ago this week. 
signed the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. The enactment of the ESEA followed the 1954 Brown v. Board of Education decision, guaranteeing all children equal educational opportunities. Unfortunately, communities with high concentrations of poverty have never enjoyed equal rights. So, for the last 50 years, the ESEA has remained the singlelargest Federal resource for schools that teach our most vulnerable students. 
If we are to keep our promise of equal 
educational opportunity for all, then we must redouble our efforts to level the public education playing field by ensuring that all students have both the resources to achieve academic excellence and the promise of action to intervene when their academic needs aren’t being met. 
order to bring our education system into the 21st century, and we must not waver in our commitment to basic civil rights and education that we made 50 years ago this week. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today, April 13, marks the birthday of Thomas Jefferson—America’s third President and one of our greatest—who was responsible in so many ways for the creation of this great Nation. 
simple tombstone at Monticello that he was the author of the American Declaration of Independence, the author of the Virginia Statute for Religious Freedom, and the father of the University of Virginia—those things that, in his mind, he had done for the United States rather than those things that the people of the United States had done for him. 
his greatest achievement throughout his life was the preservation of the American Republic—our system of separation of powers, of checks and balances. Above all, he believed very strongly in, all power not given to the Federal Government is reserved to the States and the people respectively. 
this day, April 13, 1743, and I hope that the Congress of the United States and the people of the United States will continue to honor his legacy by preserving and protecting this great inheritance, the American Republic, with its separation of powers and its recognition that all power is reserved to the States or to the people respectively. ALL LIVES MATTER 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
just as the President does, the United States Congress has the bully pulpit. In doing so, I believe that America cries out for a response. Over the past 6 months to a year, we have seen a number of tragic incidences occurring between civilians and police. In particular, we cite the tragedy of the shooting of Walter Scott in South Carolina. 
All lives matter. To those who have been petitioning 
and protesting—young people indicating that black lives matter—it is a reflection of the high number of African Americans who find themselves at the wrong end of the gun of someone engaged in law enforcement. 
who serve this Nation, and we are a lawabiding nation. So, Mr. Speaker, I think it is extremely important that we begin an open discussion in the Congress that deals with the issues of lethal force, excessive force, police training, statistics. 
colleagues to join me on the Cadet bill, which reaches a wideranging perspective of the statistics of shootings in America—civilian shootings on police and law enforcement shootings on civilians—because that is the science of criminal justice reform. I draw upon this to say that we cannot be silent anymore. People are hurting. My sympathy to those who have lost lives, including law enforcement and our civilians. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, last month, 18 members of the Independent Haitian Assembly of God congregation from my district in Florida were involved in a fatal bus accident while traveling home from a church congregation. The accident left 10 individuals with severe injuries, and 8 members of the congregation were fatally wounded. 
join together to lay them to rest, but I want to take this opportunity on the House floor today to honor those victims who perished. 
As it often happens in times of tragedy, our community has come together to support the entire Independent Haitian Assembly of God community. Our hearts go out to the victims of this tragedy, to their families, and to this entire community. 
Judge PetitFrere, 66, of Fort Pierce; Obernise PetitFrere, 58, of Fort Pierce; Lifaite Lochard, 58, of Fort Pierce; Madeleine William, 53, of Fort Pierce; Wanie Larose, 60, of Fort Pierce; Dazilla Joseph, 79, of Fort Pierce; Servilus Dieudonne, 71, of Fort Pierce. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. As a Representative from this area, I offer my heartfelt condolences to the families of the deceased on behalf of every Member of this body. Our community is strong, and we stand ready to support you as you lay your loved ones to rest. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT 
Ms. FUDGE. Mr. Speaker, on Saturday April 11, our Nation commemorated the 50th anniversary of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act. 
Child Left Behind was signed into law, which was the last reauthorization of the ESEA. A new reauthorization is long overdue. We need to make children our priority by providing equal opportunity for a quality education for all children. 
The partisan manner this House displayed for the ESEA’s reauthorization is disheartening and leaves too many of our children behind. Democrats and Republicans should be working together to draft a bill that ensures that all students have access to a world class education, that ensures that States set high standards and goals to ensure all students graduate career or college ready, and that ensures that strong accountability measures are in place for children and families. 
Let us return to the table and draft a 
bill that will support an equitable 21st century education system. 
50TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
as we mark the 50th anniversary of the ESEA, we reflect on the simple yet powerful promises that are at the center of this civil rights law, promises made to all American children—a promise that no matter where you live or what you look like you will not be ignored, a promise that no matter what resources you have you will not be undervalued, a promise that, no matter what, you deserve a quality education. 
The ESEA was a substantial step towards fulfilling these promises, but we still have work to do. As we work towards reauthorization, we cannot break those promises. We cannot break 
by failing to gather information on student achievement for all children. We cannot break our promise to value every child by failing to target funding at the schools that need it the most. We cannot break our promise to uphold the civil rights of all children to have a quality education. Because all children are worthy, we cannot break our promise. 
Thank you for all that you do on behalf of our children. They are our future. 
CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CAUCUS ASSESSMENT DURING NATIONAL MINORITY HEALTH MONTH 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) is recognized for 60 
at this time, I yield to my distinguished colleague from New Jersey, Congressman DONALD PAYNE . 
thank my coanchor, R OBIN KELLY , Congresswoman from Illinois, for being involved in this Special Order tonight. 
Congressional Black Caucus who are here tonight on such an important topic. 
the people at home who are tuning in to watch this. It is truly an honor to speak to them directly in their homes, to fight on their behalf and to advance our shared priorities. That is why we are here tonight and every Monday night that the House is in session—to address the diverse issues affecting African American communities throughout our Nation and to let you know that we are here, fighting for you every single day. 
Minority Health Month. It is a chance to evaluate the state of black health, a chance to address health disparities affecting racial minorities, and a chance to speak to efforts to advance health equity. Today, African American and other minority populations lag behind in numerous health areas, including in the access to quality care, in timelines of care, and in health outcomes. These disparities have devastating impacts on individuals and families but also on our communities and our society as a whole. 
There are numerous factors that contribute to the health disparities throughout New Jersey’s 10th Congressional District and throughout our Nation as well—poverty, environmental threats, inadequate access to health care, and educational inequities. These are such interconnected issues that a piecemeal plan to fixing the problem will not work. A comprehensive approach—one that focuses on providing access to quality care for all, creating good jobs that provide a decent living, 
and increasing educational opportunities for lowincome communities—is only one way to eliminate the health disparities once and for all. 
to get to the members of the CBC who are here, and I turn it over right now to the gentlewoman from Illinois, the Honorable ROBIN KELLY , who has been 
holding down the fort while I have been dealing with my health issues. 
ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the subject of my Special Order. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Illinois? 
There was no objection. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. I thank the 
distinguished gentleman from the Garden State, my good friend, DONALD  
PAYNE . I am glad he is back and in better health in order to lead this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour on the state of black health. 
of so many people of all races across the country, the refrain of ‘‘black lives matter.’’ We have gathered here this evening because black lives do matter. Whether we are talking about issues of justice or of economic opportunity or of the health of our Nation, black lives matter. The topic of tonight’s Special Order hour is: The State of Black Health—a CBC Assessment during National Minority Health Month. 
Each April, we observe National Minority Health Month in order to raise awareness about the gaping health disparities that impact communities of color across the Nation. Many of us have been personally affected by the physical and emotional tolls that conditions like obesity, diabetes, kidney disease, breast and prostate cancer, and HIV/AIDS have brought on ourselves and our loved ones and neighbors. 
Last month marked the 50th anniversary of the Selma to Montgomery marches—the generationdefining events that led to the passage of the 1965 Voting Rights Act. Like the right to vote, health care is a fundamental civil right that our leaders, health professionals, and communities must fight to protect. The Affordable Care Act was a critical step in the march toward 
health equity, but there is still much more to be done. 
this a half century ago when he said: ‘‘Of all of the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ 
the work of the CBC and of the Congressional Black Health Braintrust, which I chair, to advance the critical phrase of the human rights and civil rights struggle—‘‘health equity.’’ 
Braintrust will focus on three core principles: strengthening our communities, improving health access, and marching toward a healthier future. The disparities facing minority communities in rural areas across the country are too numerous to name. To that end, the Congressional Black Caucus Health Braintrust will work vigorously to address the gaps that exist when it comes to reducing heart disease, kidney disease, lung ailments, stroke, oral health, lupus, child nutrition, HIV/AIDS, mental health disorders, gun violence as a public health threat, and other chronic and infectious diseases. 
we will be focused on strengthening our public health infrastructure and on developing communityoriented, multidisciplinary approaches to public health, which will close the national health disparity gap. 
Month the CBC will work to expand access to health care, early health education, and medical investment so that we can make our communities healthier and reduce the prevalence of diseases that disproportionately cut minority lives short. 
like to thank the gentlelady from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ), who has done a tremendous job and has stepped into the gap left by the leaving of one of our former colleagues, Donna Christensen from the Virgin Islands. Ms. KELLY has 
stepped up to fill the position at the Health Braintrust. She has been a fighter in this area prior to coming to the Congress and has continued to demonstrate her leadership along these lines. 
At this point in time, it is my honor 
to hear from a member of the CBC who has been a leader, seasoned in so many areas and aspects, and has been a real mentor and a role model for me as I come here and try to fight for the American people every day, as he does for his constituents in Illinois, the Honorable DANNY DAVIS. 
Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. PAYNE , for the leadership that he 
provides, and I am delighted to be here with my colleagues as we talk about one of the most pernicious problems that exists in our country, and that is the tremendous disparity that exists among minorities—African Americans, Latinas, and Native Americans—when it comes to health and health care. 
Millions of racial and ethnic minorities have been and continue to be disproportionately suffering. Health disparities among minorities have been neglected for many decades in this Nation, and as a result, millions of racial and ethnic minority Americans continue to lack access to reliable and quality health care. They are often suffering more from comorbidities and 
likely to die prematurely from preventible causes compared to their white counterparts. 
Americans and American Indian/Alaska Natives are more than two times higher than that for whites; 
are three times more likely to be operated on by highrisk surgeons than their white counterparts with heart disease; 
highest incidence rate for cancers of the cervix, 1.6 times higher than that for white women, with a cervical cancer death rate that is 1.4 times higher than for white women; 
Puerto Ricans have an asthma prevalence rate over 2.2 times higher than nonHispanic whites, and over 1.8 times higher than nonHispanic blacks; 
Hispanics account for 27 percent of the total U.S. population yet account for 62 percent of all new HIV infections; 
diabetes rates that are nearly three times higher than the overall rate; 
Of the more than 1 million people infected with chronic hepatitis B in the United States, half are Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders. 
healthcare delivery in this Nation now is the Affordable Care Act. Minorities make up about 30 percent of the population but are 50 percent of the uninsured. Currently, the ACA, since its enactment, has allowed health insurance coverage for 16.4 million Americans who were not insured prior to this law. 
health centers, which are celebrating their 50th year. The first of these centers was actually approved and funded, the first one being a project between Tufts University in Boston, Massachusetts, and Bolivar County, Mississippi. It was called the TuftsDelta Project. Since that time, they now are providing quality health care to more than 23 million low and moderateincome individuals throughout the Nation. 
the need for health education and the recognition that, as people learn how to better care for themselves and to make more effective use of the resources that are available, not only do we save money, but we also save lives. 
against the Affordable Care Act, where, for the first time in their lives, many individuals were going to have access to a regular primary care physician so they didn’t have to go to the emergency room of hospitals and get what is called episodic care. So while the disparities are great, we know that progress is perhaps even greater. 
I end with being at a church just the 
other day where we were having something called organ transplant Sunday, and the minister of this particular 
church had had two heart transplants and a kidney transplant. He preached every Sunday and owned a construction company that he ran. That is why we need to make sure that we put adequate resources into research and the funding of new approaches and new techniques. 
this evening, for the opportunity to talk about not only the great needs, but also to talk about some of the progress that is being made. 
I thank the gentleman from New Jersey, my colleague, Mr. PAYNE . 
like to thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY DAVIS), who, as I stated in my opening remarks about him, has been a deliberate and conscious fighter for not only his constituents, but Americans that find themselves facing these disparities all around the Nation. 
Next it is my honor to hear from the 
gentlelady from Alabama, the Honorable TERRI SEWELL , who had a wonderful participation in her district last month of the 50th anniversary of the Edmund Pettus Bridge, where many of my colleagues were able to go down and celebrate that great victory in this Nation’s history, and I was sorry I couldn’t be there, but I watched from afar and was very delighted to see such an outpouring of respect for a moment in our history that can never be forgotten, and we can never let the clock be turned back, as we say. 
so much. I want to commend my colleagues from Illinois and New Jersey for having this wonderful CBC hour on minority health and the disparities that exist. 
how we in Congress have tried to address these disparities. You know, our Nation celebrated the fifth anniversary of the Affordable Care Act in March. This anniversary marked the historic progress our Nation has made towards making health care not just a privilege, but a right for every American. 
the minority population by trying to close the gap on the disparity by giving access to affordable healthcare insurance for all Americans. Thanks to the ACA, health insurers can no longer deny coverage to individuals because of preexisting conditions, and women no longer have to pay higher premiums than men. Because of this law, millions of Americans can finally afford to go to the doctor, and families no longer risk losing their home savings and all that they have if a family member gets sick. 
the ACA has meant new savings and new protections. This has even been true in my home State of Alabama, a State that did not choose to enact a healthcare exchange, a State that did not expand Medicaid. During the most recent enrollment period, more than 171,000 Alabamians enrolled in quality 
healthcare coverage at a price that they could afford. Over 1.1 million Alabamians with private health insurance now have access to free preventive services, and Alabamians with Medicare have saved more than $240 million in prescription drug costs. In 2014 alone, nearly 90,000 Alabamians saved an average of $931 for prescriptions. Yes, even in my State of Alabama, which chose not to enact a healthcare exchange and not to expand Medicaid, the ACA is working. 
Greater access to healthcare insurance leads to a healthier population, which is good news not only for Alabamians, but for all Americans. The ACA, indeed, works. That is why I have proudly defended the ACA against numerous attacks to undermine or repeal the law. Bipartisanship is possible. Members from both sides of the aisle in both Chambers must work together to strengthen our healthcare system and to ensure that all Americans have access to quality, affordable healthcare insurance. 
In March, I was proud that 392 of us 
in the House of Representatives agreed on a permanent fix to the flawed Medicare physician payment system and an extension to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, otherwise known as CHIP. This bipartisan agreement marked a historic victory for our children of this Nation. It also was a victory for our seniors, working class families, and healthcare providers. We must continue to work together to ensure the healthcare system is working for all of us. 
poor individuals and families, access to quality health care is still out of their reach. An estimated 191,000 Alabamians, for example, are uninsured because our Governor has refused to expand Medicaid. Let me repeat that. 191,000 Alabamians would benefit if our Governor would expand Medicaid in the State of Alabama. These individuals pay their taxes, work hard, and contribute to their communities. Our government should assist them in return. Governor Robert Bentley recently created the Alabama Health Care Improvement Task Force to examine ways to increase access to health care in rural Alabama. 
I welcome my Governor’s establishment of this task force. I know that when this task force meets, it will recommend expanding Medicaid. 
politics aside in my great State of Alabama and look to what is in the best interest of all the people. Clearly, 191,000 Alabamians fall in that gap, those who currently cannot get healthcare insurance because this State would refuse to expand Medicaid. 
Governor would choose to recommend expanding taxes. Increasing taxes is his 
statehouse in order to meet the shortfall that exists in my State. 
Let’s just think about that. My Governor would rather increase taxes than to accept money from the Federal Government to expand Medicaid—how shortsighted. 
No State that refuses to expand Medicaid has been better off without it. Without the expansion, the dramatic healthcare needs of Alabama’s working poor will remain unmet; and rural hospitals, many of which I represent, will face growing financial challenges that will undoubtedly lead to reduced services. 
by the Culverhouse College of Commerce at the University of Alabama, the Medicaid expansion would create $28 billion in overall business activity in the State of Alabama. There has not been another economic development investment in the State of Alabama that would bring the State more than 30,000 new jobs annually. 
A 2012 study conducted by the University of Alabama at Birmingham School of Public Health found that Medicaid expansion in our State would generate $20 billion in new economic activity and a $925 million increase in State tax revenues—yes, revenues to our State. 
only a moral imperative, but I would say to you that it is an economic imperative in my State. With each day that our State delays expansion, more Alabamians are unable to work due to unrelated health conditions. More rural hospitals have to cut services because of uncompensated care provided in their emergency rooms. 
expanding, Alabamians continue to forego the immense economic benefit that results from this investment. The greatest casualty, Mr. Speaker, are the most vulnerable Americans, the most vulnerable in our society: the poor, the working poor, the unemployed, the uninsured. 
Alabama has not chosen to expand Medicaid. We owe it to Alabama taxpayers to expand Medicaid now. 
choosing to talk about the effects of health care on minority populations. I would add that in this day and age, when we have a law—the Affordable Care Act—that stands ready and willing to help Americans help themselves—after all, what we are saying is we are giving access to affordable healthcare insurance, insurance that they have to pay for, insurance that they can get subsidized if they are the working poor—we deserve it as Americans. 
go without health care, no one, especially those who are the most vulnerable in our society. 
the disparities that exist in minority health, we also remember that this 
great institution did do something that would help decrease the disparity. We chose to pass the Affordable Care Act, and every time, we have defended it against repeal. 
of Alabama get with the program. It is time States like Alabama expand Medicaid and that we choose our people over politics. Partisan politics should not rule the day; instead, we should care more about the people we represent than the partisan politics of each of our parties. 
the fight. The CBC Special Order hour is very important. It highlights not only what is important to minority communities—because what is important to minority communities is important to all vulnerable communities in America. 
continuing this great tradition. I want to thank them for choosing to talk about health care and the disparities that exist in this country. 
lawmakers who are listening to my voice, the State lawmakers who are in Montgomery today, that we need to work together to expand Medicaid in the State of Alabama. The medical case is there. The economic case is there. The moral case is there. 
Let’s do what is right for all Alabamians, and let’s expand Medicaid today. 
the gentlewoman from Alabama for her eloquent remarks on the topic of the evening. Irrespective of where you are in this Nation, these issues are a common thread in communities throughout this Nation. 
I am not surprised that the gentlewoman from Alabama, Representative SEWELL , is able to talk about the same 
issues that we are able to talk about in New Jersey, Illinois, California, Florida, and across this Nation, across this great land. 
from the gentlewoman from Ohio (Mrs. BEATTY ), an outstanding Member of the 
United States House of Representatives. In just her second term, she has demonstrated her superior leadership skills. She is a member of my class, the ‘‘class’’ of the class. 
Mrs. BEATTY. I thank my colleagues, Congressman DONALD PAYNE  
leading this evening’s critical discussion on ‘‘The State of Black Health: A Congressional Black Caucus Assessment During National Minority Health Month.’’ 
are here today because, certainly, we have had many firsthand experiences to know the disparities that exist across all Americans but, more specifically, across African American communities. 
having the foresight to come tonight; and to you, Congresswoman KELLY , thank you for taking a leadership position in helping us share with the Nation the value and the importance of protecting all lives but giving information to the Nation about the state of black health. 
address health disparities that affect racial minorities and work together on the efforts to advance health equity. 
Black Caucus has sponsored national conferences and held brain trusts on black health. It is so timely that we have this discussion as we observe National Minority Health Month. 
for all of us to unite towards a common goal of improving the health of our communities. Everyone in America should be able to live a healthy life, regardless of the color of their skin. 
overall health of an American has improved over the past few decades. This is, in part, due to the increased focus on preventive medicine and dynamic new advances in medical technology. 
benefited equally from healthcare improvements. Since the enactment of the Affordable Care Act, millions of Americans now have access to quality, affordable coverage. 
Association, recent studies have shown that despite the steady improvement in overall health of the United States, racial and ethnic minorities experience a lower quality of health services and are less likely to receive routine medical procedures and have higher rates of morbidity and mortality than nonminorities. 
when controlling for gender, condition, age, and socioeconomic status. For example, cardiovascular diseases account for the largest proportion of inequality in life expectancy between African Americans and nonHispanic whites. 
Society, African American women have a 44 percent higher death rate from breast cancer, despite having a mammography screening rate that is nearly the same rate for white women. 
Control, the CDC, the infant death rate among African Americans is still more than double that of whites. 
to hear my colleagues and I discuss much data and statistics because I am from the great State of Ohio and Ohio ranks 47th in the Nation in infant mortality, with black infants dying at twice the rate of white infants. 
by the Kaiser Family Foundation, in Ohio, on average, 14.5 black infants die per every 1,000 live births, while 6.3 white infants die. 
Greater Columbus Infant Mortality Task Force are working hard to lower Franklin County’s infant mortality rate and the infant mortality rate in 
their research, for their education, and for their consistency to save lives. The statistics are staggering, and we can and must do more to lower and eliminate them. 
The societal burden of healthcare disparities in America manifest in multiple and major ways. For example, a 2014 study by the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies concluded that ‘‘the combined costs of health inequalities and premature death in the United States were $1.24 trillion.’’ That $1.24 trillion is the cost between 2003 and 2006. 
President Barack Obama signed the Affordable Care Act, it was a monumental step that has helped us address the overwhelming statistics and health disparities within our community. I proudly supported the Affordable Care Act because lives matter. All lives matter. Black lives matter. 
healthcare reform that improves access to affordable health coverage and guarantees that the most vulnerable in our communities have access to care. By improving access to quality health care for all Americans, the Affordable Care Act helps reduce health disparities. 
this? This law invests in prevention and wellness, gives individuals more control over their care, and expands initiatives to increase racial and ethnic diversity in healthcare professions by strengthening cultural competency training for all healthcare providers and improving communications between providers and patients. 
the most significant Federal effort to reduce disparities in this country’s history. 
Congressman PAYNE and Congresswoman K ELLY , again, I salute you. I 
am going to repeat that because it is so important for us to let the Nation know that the Affordable Care Act represents the most significant Federal effort to reduce disparities in this country’s history. 
The Affordable Care Act also increases funding for community health centers which serve an estimated one in three lowincome people and one in four lowincome minority residents. 
centers, Mr. Speaker, in Ohio, including many in my district: Columbus Neighborhood Health Centers, Heart of Ohio Family Health Centers, and Lower Lights Christian Health Centers. 
These community health centers provide outstanding primary care, dental, behavioral health, and pharmacy services in our most underserved areas. In 2013, community health centers provided care to over 550,000 Ohioans and recorded over 2 million patient visits. 
Speaker, but there is still much more for us to do. All people should have the opportunity to reach their fullest potential for health. We must continue to move forward to combat health disparities, build healthier communities, and create a stronger country. In order to have a successful Nation, I believe we must have a healthy Nation. 
dies. If you run full speed ahead without stopping for water, you lose momentum to finish the race. 
like to thank the gentlelady from Ohio. As I stated in my introduction of her, she has just demonstrated an outstanding leadership in our class that is second to none, and we can always depend on her to bring some clear thought to these issues at hand, so we would like to thank her once again. 
be a press conference at 1:30 with Representatives CAROLINE MALONEY and 
JEC report on persistent economic challenges in black communities. The report is bleak. There is not a lot of good news in this report. 
Nearly one in seven Americans identify themselves as African American. The thirdlargest racial ethnic group in the United States, African Americans have made significant social and economic progress since the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964; however, the black community continues to face enormous challenges. 
Economic data reveals startling inequities. By many of the most important measures of economic wellbeing, blacks lag far behind the majority white population. And that is just the overview of the report. That is just the start. 
and my colleagues in earshot of me will be there tomorrow to support our colleagues at 1:30 at the HVC Studio A. 
to provide us more information on the issue at hand. As was mentioned, the Affordable Care Act, something that has passed this Congress, and there have been many attempts to thwart it and repeal it, but the majority is never successful at doing that because people understand what this legislation has meant to this Nation. 
You see, it makes sense for more people to have quality affordable health care, and that has been the issue. The first word in the act, ‘‘affordable,’’ has been prohibitive for many Americans to have the health care that they need and desire. 
available to 16 million more people in this country. Sixteen million people have benefited from this piece of legislation that is continually under attack. 
Actually, it is 16 million and one, because I have heard a candidate—the first person to announce they are running for President of the United States in 2016, who is a Senator, who hails from the great State of Texas—say that with him running, his wife will lose, will stop working at her job, dedicate herself to this campaign, so his health care was under her benefits. 
Well, guess what? In a kind of coy little shrewd way, he said, Well, you know, now I will take the mantle of getting health care for my family. 
sir? The issue you railed about constantly for years since you have come to the Senate? 
Oh, well that is different. It is absolutely incredible, when I sat 
there and watched him try to dance around that, that he is now in the exchange. It was a sight to see. 
But I will get off of that and let my 
oral health. As we discuss the state of black America, I want to address a topic that is so often left out of the public health discourse, and that is the issue of oral health in America. 
Braintrust recognized National Children’s Dental Health Month, and back in February I had the opportunity to go around my district in a mobile dental van to observe local dentists performing free oral health screenings around the community. 
health is a critical piece to overall health wellness. The sad fact is that all across our Nation, many communities are experiencing serious oral health crises. 
Far too many people in urban, suburban, and rural America are lacking access to dental care, despite the efforts of committed dental professionals and social service organizations. 
dental health care across the country is not equal. Each year, nearly 50 million Americans, including 16 million lowincome children in underserved communities, go without the oral health services they need. 
As we continue the national discussion on improving health care and reducing health disparities in America, it is important that oral health be central to the conversation. 
and wellness, they should remember that the mouth is connected to the rest of the body. This seems to be forgotten in the current dialogue about improving health outcomes for all. 
Action for Dental Health Act, which allows organizations to qualify for Health and Human Service oral health grants to support activities that improve oral health education and dental disease prevention. 
This includes developing and expanding outreach programs that will facilitate establishing dental homes for children and adults, including the elderly, blind and disabled. 
This bipartisan legislation will target crucial Federal dollars to State and local dental organizations to provide proven oral health care services in a manner that effectively addresses the barriers to dental care many Americans face. It will have a significant impact on many underserved communities. 
know that regular visits to the dentist do more than keep your smile attractive. They can tell a lot about your overall health, including whether or not you may be developing a disease like diabetes or if you are at risk for a stroke. 
of creating healthier communities by breaking down barriers, oral health is a subject that must be addressed. This will ultimately help reduce unnecessary healthcare costs by minimizing and eliminating dental diseases in their early stages. 
As I mentioned earlier, I recently visited a new mobile dental van operated by a hospital in an underserved community in my district that had a stop at the hospital’s Women, Infant, and Children’s Center. They had a pediatric dentist on hand to provide babies and toddlers with their first dental exams. 
dental care, not only for these young children, but for their parents. This highlighted all too well the gaps in dental care that are particularly prevalent in minority communities. 
these dental professionals displayed to kids, many of whom had never been to a dentist, reminded me of kids like Deamonte Driver. 
old boy from Maryland who died from an untreated tooth infection that spread lethal bacteria to his brain. An untreated tooth condition that could have been resolved with a routine extraction cost this boy his life. How is that possible in the most innovative, wealthy Nation in the world? 
support volunteer dental projects in underserved communities and improve oral health education, with a particular focus on early oral health education and care for children. We all know the link between good dental care and overall health has been well established. 
healthier generation of children, increasing access and removing barriers to dental care must be at the forefront. Through legislation like H.R. 539, the Action for Dental Health Act, I am working to increase access to dental care and build healthier communities. In improving the state of black health and the state of American health, I ask that we lift up the issue of oral health, and ask that my colleagues take the 
thank the gentlelady from Illinois. That is so true. And as you stood there and stated those issues, that is something that we have known for quite some time, how oral care impacts so many other parts of your health—and as you mentioned, could really show you the onset of diabetes. 
because I have been out for several weeks now with a foot infection. And it got pretty severe and had to be operated on. But what has complicated the circumstance with my foot is me being a diabetic, a very noncompliant diabetic, a diabetic who did not take it seriously, did not take the medicines that I should have for years. 
made it all so very clear what needed to be done. The circumstance frightened me into doing everything that I am supposed to now, so you are looking at a compliant diabetic. But it is crucial, and the diabetes is what has complicated the healing of my foot. 
this country. I am living an American Dream that I did not realize would happen to me because of another issue of my father losing his bout with colorectal cancer. He was the Member prior to me, and I took his place. 
But we were fortunate. We have always had good health care. We are talking about the disparities and the inequities in this Nation for people who are not in the positions that Representative KELLY , myself, and other 
welltodo Americans are who have health care that keeps them alive. 
really up to you. But we are afforded that opportunity to get great health care. 
want health care but cannot afford it and find themselves in emergency rooms as their visit to the doctor. They have to wait until they are very ill and go to the emergency room, which is how they get their health care. That costs this Nation millions and billions of dollars. 
done is given a lot of these people the opportunity to get prescreenings and procare prior to showing up at the emergency room. 
you end up paying for these people who cannot afford their own health care in your premium, because someone is going to cover it. The insurance companies aren’t going to just cover it. The hospitals aren’t, so we pay it in our premiums. 
health care, it drives the cost down. It will drive the cost down in this Nation, and we will all benefit from more people being healthier. That is what the Affordable Care Act is about. That is what it does. That is what it does. b2030 
I am so fortunate to live in this Nation, to be able to represent the 10th Congressional District of the State of New Jersey, and to stand here and fight for not only the people of the 10th District of New Jersey, but every American that deserves an equal opportunity. That is what it is about. 
It is not about favor; it is about the 
opportunity, the equal opportunity. And we see these disparities, iniquities in health care, in economics all across the board, all across this Nation. 
It is incumbent upon us as the Congressional Black Caucus to speak up for the residents that we represent, children and infants. 
health disparities are stark, especially in African American communities, where life expectancies are lower and infant mortality rates are higher. Children of color who live below the poverty line are much more likely to suffer from asthma, develop ADHD, and contract diseases because they can’t afford vaccinations. It is the situation across the board. Cancer, African Americans have the highest death rate and the shortest survival rate of any racial ethnic group in the United States. And it just goes on and on. 
It is important that we get the message out. And we will continue to fight with Representative ROBIN KELLY , head 
of the Health Braintrust. I know the work that she will do on behalf of the American people. 
the opportunity to speak on what I feel is a dire, dire situation in this country, the inequity in health disparities. 
And I am glad you are taking care of yourself. 
colleagues for taking the time during National Minority Health Awareness Month to assess the very critical state of black health in America. 
As stated earlier, the health disparities facing communities of color are too significant to adequately address in just an hour. As a recent CDC Health Disparities Report demonstrated: 
likely than any other groups to be linked to care, retained in care, receive treatment, and achieve adequate viral suppression; 
only 12 percent of the U.S. population, they accounted for 44 percent of new HIV infections and represented 49 percent of all deaths with HIV in 2010. Furthermore, blacks also accounted for 49 percent of new AIDS diagnoses in 2011; 
2010 Population Estimates, 84 percent of all reported tuberculosis cases occurred in racial and ethnic minorities. African Americans accounted for 40 percent of TB cases amongst U.S.born persons. 
Health Braintrust is committed to strengthening our Nation’s public health infrastructure and developing communityoriented, multidisciplinary approaches to public health. We will continue to work vigorously to address health gaps existing in the black community, empower communities, and improve health access in efforts to march toward a healthier future. 
black health matters, and we are confident that if we all join together, we can alleviate health disparities facing minority communities across this Nation. 
I thank my colleagues and my cochair, the Honorable DONALD PAYNE , 
Jr., for this hour of discussion, this hour of opportunity, and this hour of change. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Madam Speaker, I rise in support of the CBC Special Order Hour, ‘‘The State of Black Health: A CBC Assessment During National Minority Health Month.’’ Unfortunately, during a time when the best and most promising health innovation and treatments exist, many individuals in our population face disparities and inequalities in health access, delivery, and outcomes. 
Month, we must highlight these existing disparities and enact policies that focus on eliminating inequalities and improving the nation’s health at large. The future of our nation’s health mostly depends on the effectiveness of federal, state, and local policies. Traditionally, African Americans and Latinos face the worst health disparities in this country and in my home state of Texas. 
than whites for heart disease, stroke, cancer, influenza and pneumonia, diabetes, HIV/AIDS, and homicide. In 2010, about two of five Latino adults and one in four black adults were uninsured. While behavioral risk and environmental factors are certainly at play for much of our population, the lack of health care access and especially access to preventive health services in the black and Latino communities increases the inequalities in each category. 
47.8 percent, 42.5 percent for Latinos, and 32.6 percent for whites. Broken down further, 56.6 percent of black females are obese while 37.1 percent of black males are obese. The black population is the most obese among whites and Latinos in all categories except for black males which is led by Latinos. Obesity takes much of the blame for negative long term health impacts such as high blood pressure, heart disease, stroke, and diabetes. 
helped to improve access to preventive services within minority communities, much can be done to improve the aforementioned inequalities. The Centers for Disease Control and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Minority Health have laid out several initiatives to promote health equity and close the disparity gap between minorities and 
white Americans. We must support the social, economic, and environmental policies that the CDC and OMH have recommended in order to achieve health equity and eliminate disparities. 
much of Cuyahoga County. A few years ago, the county analyzed the relationship between a resident’s lifeexpectancy and neighborhood, with incredible, but not surprising results. 
Hough, a lowincome and predominantly AfricanAmerican neighborhood in Cleveland, could expect to live 24 years less than someone who resided in Lyndhurst, an affluent, predominantly white suburb of the city, less than 10 miles away. 
While Hough and Lyndhurst are extreme examples, they accurately represent national trends: African Americans live, on average, four years less than their white peers. 
care system, which attracts students, physicians and patients from across the world, does not serve all the citizens of this country equally. 
Sadly, the consequences of health disparities have a major impact on our nation’s children. 
schools often do not have access to fresh fruits and vegetables, places to exercise, or many of the other resources we know are necessary for a healthy lifestyle. 
It is our responsibility as Members of Congress to ensure our constituents have the opportunity to be healthy, regardless of how much they make, where they live, or what they look like. 
I am committed to working with my colleagues in Congress, the Administration, local and state governments, and private partners to make good on that obligation. 
thank Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY and Congressman D ONALD PAYNE , Jr. for hosting this 
important Special Order. I appreciate your leadership in organizing this important discussion on the state of Black Health in America. 
National Minority Health Awareness Month. This year is particularly significant as we mark 30 years since the groundbreaking Health and Human Services Task Force on Black and Minority Health report. This report sparked the first serious discussion in Washington on addressing the deep racial health disparities that exist in this country. 
creation of Medicare and Medicaid—programs that have kept and continue to keep Americans healthy. 
We are also celebrating the fifth year anniversary of the passage of the Affordable Care Act—the most significant legislation to improve the health of all Americans in more than a generation. 
moving us closer to health equity for all—however, major health disparities still exist. 
The zip code in which you are born still determines your likely life expectancy. 
code—even within the same city or county. So today, I rise to join my colleagues in the 
Congressional Black Caucus to bring to light the state of Black health in America and call for more action to address persistent and lingering disparities in health access, treatment and care. 
Act, access to care has dramatically expanded in communities of color. The uninsured rate has declined 7.3 percent in the African American community. And more people have access to affordable, quality healthcare—all thanks to the Affordable Care Act. 
Act, I had the privilege of serving as Chair of the Congressional Black Caucus. 
And let me tell you, we worked day and 
night with our colleagues in the Congressional Hispanic Caucus and Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus, to push Congress and the Administration to craft the best possible bill. 
has improved the American health care system: Healthcare is now more affordable and accessible than ever 
against because they are a woman, have a preexisting condition—such as HIV/AIDS—or have been the victim of domestic violence; 
no longer face the real fear of hitting their lifetime cap and being denied lifesaving treatment. 
healthcare delivery system to better serve those at risk for and living with HIV/AIDS. 
Act has dramatically increased access to preventative care for women, lowincome communities, and people of color. 
from the right, this law is saving lives—every, day, in communities across America—from Maine to my district in the East Bay. 
During the last enrollment period, 16.4 million Americans obtained health insurance, and more than half a million came from my home state of California. 
underinsured or uninsured groups, have seen the greatest declines in their uninsured rates. This is especially good news for African Americans who are living with HIV, where the key to halting the epidemic is access to affordable and quality care. 
With this increase in coverage, we are beginning to close the gap in racial and ethnic health disparities and access to care. 
most powerful country in the world—African Americans still suffer from disproportionately high numbers of preventable deaths, disparities in access to quality health care, and underrepresentation within the medical community. 
African Americans have the highest mortality rate of any racial and ethnic group from cancer. 
more likely to die from a stroke than whites, and 30% more likely to die from heart disease than whites. 
of the U.S. population, they account for nearly half of all new HIV infections. African Americans also account for the highest HIVrelated deaths and HIV death rates. 
Madam Speaker—this is unacceptable. In an age where technology and innovation 
are paving the way to new medical breakthroughs, these persistent disparities in healthcare cannot be allowed to continue. 
Let’s work together and commit ourselves to passing legislation that will end racial and ethnic disparities and achieve health equity. 
championed this effort by introducing The Health Equity and Accountability Act (HEAA). Congresswoman ROBIN KELLY will have the 
honor in introducing this important legislation this Congress and I am proud to colead this effort as cochair of the CAPAC Health Task Force. 
This important legislation builds on the Affordable Care Act and puts us on track to eliminate health disparities in our country. 
would address incidences of terminal and chronic diseases that disproportionally affect communities of color, including cancer, diabetes, heart disease and HIV/AIDS. 
Health Awareness Month, I urge my colleagues to support this important bill in order to truly achieve health equity for all. 
America is improving, but much work remains before us. 
As our drum major for justice, Dr. King, told 
us, ‘‘of all the forms of inequality, injustice in health care is the most shocking and inhumane.’’ 
I urge my colleagues to join us in securing 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Madam Speaker, National Minority Health Month is a very important time to bring awareness to the many health concerns facing minority communities. 
Caucus and I understand the very difficult challenges facing us in the form of huge health disparities among our community and other minority communities. 
challenges. It is imperative for us to improve the prospects for living long and healthy lives and fostering an ethic of wellness in African American and other minority communities. Certainly, the Affordable Care Act, which I co sponsored and worked on has brought a new quality of life and access to healthcare for millions of Americans including minorities. 
I thank all of my CBC colleagues who been 
toiling in the vineyards for years developing effective public policies and securing the resources needed to eradicate racial and gender disparities in health and wellness. 
Let me focus these brief remarks on what I 
believe are some of the greatest impediments to the health and wellness of the African American community and other minority communities. 
The first challenge is reversing the dangerous trend of increasing obesity in juveniles and young adults. Cancer, diabetes and hepatitis are of great importance as well as combating the scourge of HIV/AIDS. Finally, we must confront the leading cause 
of death of young AfricanAmerican males between the ages of 15–24; that cause is not disease or accidental death, but homicide. 
Although the obesity rates among all AfricanAmericans are alarming, as Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus, I am especially concerned about the childhood obesity epidemic among AfricanAmerican youth. More than 40 percent of AfricanAmerican teenagers are overweight, and nearly 25 percent are obese. 
In 2007, my office in concert with the office 
of Congressman Towns and the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation, held a widelyattended issue forum entitled, ‘‘Childhood Obesity: Factors Contributing to Its Disproportionate Prevalence in Low Income Communities.’’ 
the fields of medicine, academia, nutrition, and the food industry discussed the disturbing increasing rates of childhood obesity in minority and lowincome communities, and the factors that are contributing to the prevalence in these communities. 
youth are consuming less nutritious foods such as fruits and vegetables and are not getting enough physical exercise. This combination has led to an epidemic of obesity, which directly contributes to numerous deadly or life threatening diseases or conditions, including the following: hypertension, dyslipidemia (high cholesterol or high triglyceride levels), Type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, Stroke, gallbladder disease, osteoarthritis, asthma bronchitis, sleep apnea, and other respiratory problems, cancer (breast, colon, and endometrial. 
the picture is even more troubling. African American youngsters from lowincome families have a higher risk for obesity than those from higherincome families. 
overweight and obesity has increased sharply for both adults and children. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), among AfricanAmerican male adults aged 20–74 years the prevalence of obesity increased from 15.0% in 1980 survey to 32.9% in the 2004. 
among children and teens. For children aged 2–5 years, the prevalence of overweight increased from 5.0% to 13.9%; for those aged 6–11 years, prevalence increased from 6.5% to 18.8%; and for those aged 12–19 years, prevalence increased from 5.0% to 17.4%. 
As the debate over how to address the rising childhood obesity epidemic continues, it is especially important to explore how attitudes, environmental factors, and public policies influence contribute to obesity among African American males. 
Some of these contributing factors are environmental, others are cultural, still others are economic, and others still may be lack of education or information. But one thing is clear: we must find ways to remove them. 
doing as well as others when it comes to preventing and surviving cancer. 
certain minority populations such as African Americans and Hispanics. The reasons why cancer adversely affects 
these groups are largely related to issues such as poverty, access to health care, and other socioeconomic factors. 
The cancer death rate among African American men is 27% higher compared to nonHispanic white men. 
African Americans have the highest incidence rates of colorectal cancer of any racial or ethnic group. 
among Asian/Pacific Islanders are double those among nonHispanic whites. 
Americans age 20 or older (about 5 million people) have diabetes, the highest rate of any ethnic group. 
Among Hispanic adults, more than 2.5 million or about 11 percent of the population have diabetes; 14 percent of American Indians and Alaska Natives are living with the disease. 
the risk of diabetes is 18 percent higher in AsianAmericans, 66 percent higher in Hispanics/Latinos, and 77 percent higher in non Hispanic AfricanAmericans. 
infected with Hepatitis B three to four times more often than those who are white. 
One recent study has found that black people have a higher incidence of Hepatitis C infection than white people. 
among African Americans ages 25 to 44— ahead of heart disease, accidents, cancer, and homicide. 
Americans in 2003 was almost 10 times the rate for whites. 
AIDS among African American males was seven times the rate for white males and three times the rate for Hispanic males. 
65 percent of new AIDS cases reported among teens in 2002, although they only account for 15 percent of American teenagers. 
dollars have been poured into drug research and development to treat and ‘‘manage’’ infections, but the complex life cycle and high mutation rates of HIV strains have only marginally reduced the threat of HIV/AIDS to global public health. 
I have strongly supported legislation sponsored by CBC members and others to give increased attention and resources to combating HIV/AIDS, including the Ryan White CARE Act. 
for community health centers (H.R. 5573, Health Centers Renewal Act of 2006), including the Montrose and Fourth Ward clinics in my home city of Houston, and to provide more nurses for the poor urban communities in 
better educate our children (H.R. 2553, Responsible Education About Life Act in 2006) and eliminate health disparities (H.R. 3561, Healthcare Equality and Accountability Act and the Good Medicine Cultural Competency Act in 2003, H.R. 90). 
and antiretroviral therapies, as well as pursue a cure. We absolutely have to ensure that everyone who needs treatment receives it. 
testing, access to testing, and the accuracy of testing. Because we will never be able to stop this pandemic if we lack the ability to track it. 
AfricanAmerican community, and African American males in particular, involves the issue of gun violence and homicide. 
This must be a priority health issue for our 
community. Over 600,000 Americans are victimized in handgun crimes each year, and the AfricanAmerican community is among the hardest hit. 
It was only a little over a week ago that one 
of my constituents was, caught in a cross fire 
Neither the mind nor the heart can contemplate a cause that could lead a human being to inflict such injury and destruction on fellow human beings. 
males between the ages of 15 and 24 are murdered every six days. Threequarters of these victims are killed by firearms. 
one cause of death for AfricanAmerican men ages 15–34, as well as the leading cause of death for all AfricanAmerican 15–24 year olds. The firearm death rate for AfricanAmericans was 2.6 times that of whites. 
According to the Centers for Disease Control, the firearms suicide rate amongst African American youths aged 10–19 more than doubled over a 15 year period. Although African Americans have had a historically lower rate of suicide than whites, the rate for African Americans 15–19 has reached that of white youths aged 15–19. 
more likely to be murdered than a young white male. The homicide rate among AfricanAmerican men aged 15 to 24 rose by 66 percent from 1984 to 1987, according to the Centers for Disease Control. 
to firearmrelated murders. For AfricanAmerican males, aged 15 to 19, firearm homicides have increased 158 percent from 1985 to 1993. In 1998, 94 percent of the AfricanAmerican murder victims were slain by African American offenders. 
for 45 percent of all homicide victims, while they only account for 6 percent of the entire population. 
It is scandalous that a 15yearold urban AfricanAmerican male faces a probability of being murdered before reaching his 45th birthday that ranges from almost 8.5 percent in the District of Columbia to less than 2 percent in Brooklyn. 
By comparison, the probability of being murdered by age 45 is a mere threetenths of 1 percent for all white males. Firearms have become the predominant 
method of suicide for AfricanAmericans aged 10–19 years, accounting for over 66 percent of suicides. 
males have an almost eight times greater chance of dying in a firearmrelated homicide than white males. In addition, the firearmrelated homicide death rate for AfricanAmerican females is greater than white males and over four times greater than white females. 
Nearly 50 percent of all homicide perpetrators give some type of prior warning signal such as a threat or suicide note. Among the students who commit a schoolassociated homicide, 20 percent were known to have been victims of bullying and 12 percent were known to have expressed suicidal thoughts or engage in suicidal behavior. 
to end gun violence by introducing legislation to assist local governments and school administrators in devising preventive measures to reduce schoolassociated violent deaths. 
I have introduced sensible legislation to assist law enforcement departments, social service agencies, and school officials detect and deter gun violence 
Encouraging efforts to reduce crowding, increase supervision, and institute plans/policies to handle disputes during transition times that may reduce the likelihood of potential conflicts and injuries. 
know who and where to go when they learn of a threat to anyone at the school and encouraging parents, educators, and mentors to take an active role in helping troubled children and teens. 
Taking talk of suicide seriously and identifying risk factors for suicidal behavior when trying to prevent violence toward self and others. 
to help teachers and other school staff recognize and respond to incidences of bullying between students. 
plan and that it is being enforced and that school staff are trained and prepared to implement and execute the plan. 
working to find workable solutions to the heath and wellness challenges facing our communities. I look forward to working with you in the months ahead to achieve our mutual goals. 
STEFANIK ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) is recognized for 60 minutes 
criticism of the concessions that his administration is making to Iran ‘‘needs to stop.’’ Well, I disagree. We in this body have a responsibility to speak the truth and to stop a dangerous deal. 
some of the recent hullabaloo about whether Iran has the same understanding of the deal as the United States does. It is true, if you listen to the Ayatollah, he basically said the deal basically represents a complete surrender on everything from day one; and the administration, when they put out their fact sheet, what they put out was different. 
Here is, I think, a fundamental problem with this. Even if you take the administration’s talking points as the meeting of the minds, even if you assume that that will be written down and memorialized, and even assume that Iran keeps the various components of the deal, the fact of the matter is this: this framework provides international legitimacy for Iran’s nuclear infrastructure, and it allows Iran to use advanced centrifuges immediately. 
few years ago was thought to be totally outside the realm of what was acceptable. I think the thought amongst U.S. policymakers going back several administrations as well as other friendly countries was, look, this is a theocratic, jihadist regime in the Middle East that is sitting on centuries’ worth of oil and gas. They don’t need nuclear power for peaceful purposes, certainly, so why would we allow them to pursue a nuclear program knowing the ideology of the regime, knowing the threats that they have made to Israel and to the United States? Of course they don’t get a nuclear program, and yet under this framework, their nuclear infrastructure is legitimized. 
The sanctions relief that we are talking about is worth billions and billions of dollars to Iran. It will give Iran additional lifeblood to foment jihad and to expand its influence in the Middle East and beyond. So just know, I mean, even if you were somehow getting them to dismantle their nuclear program, when you talk about the leading state sponsor of terrorism, any sanctions relief they get is not going to go to benefit the Iranian people. That is going to be plowed into Iran doing dastardly deeds. 
the sanctions, and I know the Ayatollah said: Look, the sanctions are gone. As soon as that agreement is signed, they are gone. 
will get rid of the sanctions as Iran complies; and if Iran cheats, we will snap back the sanctions. 
The problem is that is extremely unlikely because what is going to be done, the international sanctions are going to be relaxed and then if, down the road, Iran cheats, the idea that you are going to be able to snap your fingers and get all these other countries onboard to be able to reimpose sanctions is really a fantasy. 
Russia is resuming sales of the S–300 missile system to Iran. That had been something that they had stopped years ago. That is going to be business for Russia. It is going to be something 
that is going to be a huge boon to Iran 
in terms of protecting its nuclear infrastructure from a potential attack. It is also interesting: Russia is the country that is supposed to store Iran’s uranium, yet here they are doing business. 
So I think it is going to be very difficult to snap back international sanctions. 
that way, the sanctions that you would want, you would want to come to Congress and say, ‘‘Hey, Congress, you relieve sanctions, they are going to do this; if they don’t do it, then you snap back,’’ because they know the Congress will reimpose the sanctions. And we are eager to do that, even right now. 
You are not going to snap back international sanctions. So I think Iran understands that, and I think they know that once those sanctions are removed, that is going to be a continual lifeblood to them and they will be able to cheat on the agreement if they think that is what is in their best interest. 
of this deal, of this framework, is that the President himself, you know, a year and a half ago, laid down some red lines. He said we know certain things need to be trued in agreement. Iran does not need to have an underground, fortified facility like at Fordo. He said they don’t need a heavy water reactor like they have at Arak, and he said they don’t need any type of advanced centrifuges if they are going to have a peaceful program. 
framework, even if what the administration says is true, Fordo lives on. They say it is going to be a nuclear research facility. I am not sure why you need to have a nuclear research facility fortified underground to prevent an airstrike if you are just doing peaceful research. 
water reactor, and of course Iran will have thousands of centrifuges. These are centrifuges that are not necessary to have a peaceful program. 
be any unfettered access to Iran’s military sites? I think the answer seems to be absolutely not. Certainly what Iran has said, that is totally out of the question from their perspective, but it is not even clear under the administration’s framework whether those military sites will be sites that inspectors can access. 
2002, the only reason we were able to figure out that they were doing nuclear work at one of their military sites is because Iranian opposition forces, or folks who were opposed to the regime, filled us in. But that was not something that any inspectors had access to. 
flaw in the deal is that, let’s just say Iran looks at it and says: Well, if we cheat, maybe they will reimpose sanctions. We think it is unlikely, but we 
don’t want to kind of take that risk. They have an incentive, if they want the bomb, to keep the deal because, after a 10 to 13year period, everything is going to be gone. 
amount of nuclear infrastructure they are allowed to keep, they are going to be able to build a bomb at the end of that 10or 13year period, and that is totally outside the realm of what is ever thought to be acceptable. 
patient. They have a very, very serious ideology that they are hellbent on pursuing. And if they have to wait 10 or 13 years before they are able to acquire a bomb, they may make that calculation: Hey, we will just keep the deal, and we are going to be home free. 
I think you are going to be in a situation where that may make a lot of sense for them, and I think the international community will be much less inclined to want to do anything at the end of that 10 or 13year period. 
at how this has unfolded. When the Ayatollah goes out and says: Death to America; we are not going to make any concessions—all this—the President is asked by the press, well, the Ayatollah is out there saying that. And he says: Well, look, he has his hardliners he has to pacify. We are not really worried about that. That is just for domestic political consumption. 
Minister Netanyahu was in a political campaign and he made a comment about the infeasibility of a twostate solution, given the situation in the Middle East, the administration really hung that on him. And they said: Oh, he said it. We are going to have to reevaluate our posture at the United Nations. We may go international to try to impose some type of twostate settlement on that situation. And there, they were absolutely not willing to cut Prime Minister Netanyahu any slack. 
guy that has a lot of American blood on his hands, more slack than they will cut the Prime Minister of Israel. That, to me, is just extremely frustrating. 
who will defend the framework, they will say, ‘‘Either you support this framework or you want a major war,’’ and I think that that is a straw man, but I think that it is a straw man just simply more than the fact that a lot of people think that there are things we could do to get a better deal. 
war more likely because what you are going to see are countries in the Middle East react to Iran building a bomb. They are going to react to Iran’s designs for the region. We see Iran; they are the leading patron of Hezbollah in Lebanon, Assad in Syria, the Hamas 
terrorists in the Gaza Strip, the Houthis in Yemen, and, of course, the Shiite militias in Baghdad and in other parts of Shiite Iraq. People see that—the Sunni regimes 
see that, and they are going to respond—and you will end up with a potentially catastrophic arms race in the most volatile region in the world. 
and I have some of my colleagues here. We wanted to get some folks here who had served the country in uniform, served in the Iraq or Afghanistan campaigns. 
anyone who has served in those conflicts knows that, at least I can say for Iraq, probably the number one source of deaths for U.S. servicemembers in Iraq came at the hands of Iranian backed groups. Maybe not the most. It was probably pretty close, certainly hundreds of deaths, maybe as many as 1,500 deaths for groups that would explode these huge EFP bombs that would maim and kill indiscriminately. They were never really held to account for that. That brought a lot of anguish to a lot of American families who don’t have their loved ones coming home as a result of that despicable regime. 
So, Madam Speaker, this is not a regime that wants to be a good neighbor. They don’t want to be part of a peaceful international order. It is a regime dedicated to the ideology of jihad. They have proven time and time again that they are interested and that they are willing to kill Americans with impunity. 
of mine and a veteran who in just a short time has really, really been powerful in speaking the truth about this deal and about the failures of American policy visavis close allies of ours such as Israel. 
DESANTIS . Thank you for your leadership on this critically important issue. I also appreciate your pointing out the hypocrisy of the Obama administration having nothing to say as the Ayatollah, the people of Iran, and the leadership of the Iranian Government talk about death to America, and this President does nothing, excusing it—it is okay because of the hardliners in Iran. Yet he will be critical of the Israeli Prime Minister, who is speaking of the lack of viability of a twostate solution. I really appreciate your leadership on all of these issues and pointing out the very hypocritical position. 
articulate some of my concerns with the current status of the Iran nuke talks. Just recently, the President announced a framework agreement with Iran. At that time he released a fact sheet. That fact sheet, within 24 hours, saw the Iranian Foreign Minister going on his Twitter feed disputing that fact sheet and calling it just spin. Both sides, the Obama administration and the Iranian Government, are both spinning in different directions for their own domestic politics what isn’t even in agreement. 
the minds. When you announce an agreement and both sides are disputing what the terms of that agreement are, there is no agreement. I don’t know if anyone believes that the negotiators purposely left off a signature block on that fact sheet. 
Let’s talk about what is not included: Iran’s state sponsorship of terrorism, Iran blowing up mock USS warships, talking about the need to 
erase Israel from the map, Iran’s development of ICBMs, and overthrowing foreign governments. These aren’t even part of the negotiations. Nothing is being reported to the American people about how individuals who are U.S. citizens are being wrongfully held in captivity by the Iranian Government. This President’s tactics with these negotiations, regardless of who the next President of the United States will be, these tactics are cutting off the leverage of that next President who may be emboldened in ways that this President isn’t to tackle those challenges of the ways Iran sponsors terrorism throughout the Middle East and around the globe. 
nuclear arms race in the Middle East. Iran is not negotiating in good faith, and they smell American weakness, not American strength. 
that the only option is to cut a deal just to cut a deal. This President should instead, with strength and courage as the leader of the free world, be bringing the Iranians to their knees. That is what strength looks like. If you want to change sanctions, strengthen them. Don’t weaken them. 
were emboldened, contesting what was supposed to be a democratic election that was widely viewed as being full of corruption. Where was President Obama in 2009 when this opportunity presented itself for the Iranian people while oil was $100 a barrel? Our President could have exercised leadership then, and we would not even be here today. The President says that the only option is to cut this deal just to cut a deal. 
options to pursue. As I talk to colleagues, really, on both sides of the aisle, sharing concern with the direction of these nuke talks, there is resolve and commitment to find a third strategy. If that time comes, where the President of the United States believes he must threaten the use of dropping a bomb, he must be prepared to do it and threaten to drop 20 more. If that time in the future comes where this President or the next has to then drop another bomb, threaten to drop 50 more. Our enemies do not respect weakness; they only respect strength. 
stage of these Iran nuke talks, I stand with my colleagues who know that there is a third option that this President is not telling the American people about for his own domestic politics. I challenge our President with 
strength to bring the Iranian Government to their knees. You are the leader of the free world. Act like it. 
thank my friend from New York. I think those are great points. We are going to have some good debates here in the Congress. I don’t think that having done this deal—I guess it was the day after April Fools’. We thought it was going to be April Fools’, and now this being the first night back, we are just beginning. 
At this time, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ), another veteran and another friend of mine. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. I appreciate the gentleman from Florida yielding. 
debate, and I know with the many decisions that you have in Florida and other things going on, what amazes me is, as was just stated, that I am not sure what the President’s goal is here. The reason I believe, that most of us believe, that Iran even decided to negotiate was the fact that sanctions worked, that they were struggling under those sanctions, that they were having to deal with the reality that the world did not want them to have nuclear capability. 
is disturbing to me is, I am tired of this administration, this President, trying to earn accolades of the world on the back of Israel. They cannot continue to do that. Israel is the one that is suffering here. Israel will be the one that is at the point of, the tip of the spear. And for those who have served, we know that. 
from Florida stated earlier, Iran was behind and is behind most of the terrorism in the world many times in the world today. But yet this administration turns a blind eye because they believe that under the cloak of diplomacy that Iran will come to the table. It was not that Iran came to the table under the cloak of diplomacy. Iran came to the table because they were suffering because sanctions were working. 
interview discussing the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, the deal struck by Iran and the P5+1 nations over Iran’s nuclear program. More than a few things the President said during the course of the interview raised some red flags for me and should raise some uneasiness among the American people. 
The first item of concern is the inability on the part of the administration to get a concession from Iran to cease its uranium enrichment program. The very thing that most of us in Congress have said is they need to cease this idea. They need to cease their pursuit of a nuclear program. We didn’t get concessions. 
The President said during the interview that in 13 to 15 years Iran will have the ability to develop the necessary fissile material to develop a nuclear weapon, and there will be little to nothing the international community can do to stop Iran. I am sorry, Mr. President, you will be out of office, and you will not be able to utter anything but regret at that statement because in 10 to 15 years, if they have that capability, then the rest of the world has to deal with it. Where will you be, Mr. President? A private citizen, not in a chance when you could actually do something. Stand up while you can. 
that the goal of the current framework isn’t to end Iran’s ability to reach the capacity to build a nuclear weapon but only to suspend their ability for a short time. In the framework the administration presented to the world, Iran’s restriction on producing enough highly enriched uranium to build a bomb will only persist for 10 years. After 10 years, what sanctions will still be in place to bring Iran back to the negotiating table? 
with our allies in the region. They have understandable concerns over the U.S. getting cozy with an Iranian regime that is becoming more influential. 
the U.S.Israel relationship is a casual matter. When asked, Should Iran recognize Israel’s right to exist? the President responded with a smile. I am sorry. As one who sat in this Chamber just a few weeks ago and heard from Benjamin Netanyahu about the importance of this problem right now with Iran, I am not one who responds with a smile when it becomes on Israel’s independence and right to exist. 
nothing should be on the table. Israel should exist. It is our most important ally, and we should stand with them. For the President not to realize that is a tragedy among American life. Iran has declared that Israel should be wiped off the face of the Earth, and the President feels it is appropriate to smile about this? Excuse me. Why is he smiling about a country that wants to wipe off our most important ally? 
Israel is in the most precarious position when it comes to Iran developing a nuclear device. Iran has the ability to target Israel through the use of a ballistic missile or on the ground or by one of its proxies, such as Hezbollah. The relationship between U.S. and Israel has to be so close as to not allow a crack to form. The current P5+1 framework deal is causing fissures in what has always been an ironclad relationship. 
deal that puts Israel at risk and will fight to maintain Israel’s qualitative military edge in the region. The JCPA shows why it is necessary for Congress to be involved in this process. It is the role of Congress to ensure, alongside the executive branch, that our national security and the safety of our allies are maintained. 
Madam Speaker, unless this administration realizes that there are some countries that, unfortunately, through their own actions, choose to say we want to be outside the norm of relations, when they choose to say Israel should not exist, when they choose to continue to fund terrorism around the world, then they should not be allowed a prestigious seat at the table to get to dictate terms. That is wrong. Until this administration realizes it, shame on this administration. If they continue to want to win public accolades for their diplomatic action, then, unfortunately, this administration is doing so on the back of Israel. I, for one, and I know many others here, will not stand for that. 
try and win points on the back of our strongest ally. Listen to what the Prime Minister said. And when you listen, then you will understand that this is a bad deal. It is time to walk away. 
a very simple request that was asked of the President: Did you talk to the Ayatollah’s people? Did you talk to the Iranian negotiators about just recognizing Israel’s right to exist as a Jewish state? So this way, this whole idea of ‘‘death to Israel, death to America’’ shows that Iran is serious about having peace, and the President dismissed that out of hand. He said, Look, you are not going to change the nature of a regime by asking them to recognize the right of Israel to exist. 
The problem, though, with that explanation is that the whole real underpinning of this deal, I think, rests on the assumption that Iran’s regime might change because when you are sunsetting it in 10 or 13 years, if the regime hasn’t changed by then, well, guess what? You are at a nuclear Iran at that point. So I think that they assume that there is going to be some change over the next decade. Otherwise, that sunset provision makes even less sense than it does already. 
is cheering this deal? The head of Hezbollah, the Lebanese terrorist group. This was a group that Iran started funding shortly after the Iranian revolution in 1979. They were responsible for killing over 240 U.S. marines at the marine barracks in Beirut, Lebanon, in 1983, and they have been instrumental in launching attacks against Israel ever since. 
As a result of this deal, Iran will become 
richer and wealthier and will also become more influential. 
This will reinforce the position of Iran’s allies. A stronger and wealthier Iran in the coming phase will be able to stand by its allies and especially the Palestinian resistance more than at any other time in history. Hezbollah sees a stronger Iran as a 
result of this deal. They see more support for terrorist groups such as Hamas and the Gaza Strip, and I think the logical inference is they see more attacks against Israel as a result of this deal. That is very, very troubling. 
I would like to take this time now to 
yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, SCOTT PERRY , another good 
friend of mine, a veteran from Pennsylvania, and a really strong voice on national security. 
Mr. PERRY. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the efforts of my good friend from Florida to bring this issue to the floor and start the discussion. 
Of course, when we hear from the administration that, somehow, because we are having the discussion because, somehow, we dare to question that we are on the wrong side of history, that we are unpatriotic, and literally, in many cases, the administration is trying to equate those in this Chamber, in this body, who would have a discussion and would call into question some of the tenets of this framework and then this agreement—which we didn’t know much about—that we are tantamount to the same thing as the hardliners in Iran, the hardliners that had horrific human rights violations over the course of the last 50 years, as far as America is concerned, and literally do unspeakable things. That is breathtaking to me. 
that we are skeptical because our negotiating partner in this, Iran, is not trustworthy, simply not trustworthy. Just picture yourself and your own family, if you were negotiating an infraction within your own family, and while you were discussing the infraction, that member of your family was doing the exact same thing that you were discussing about the cheating. That is exactly what happened, Madam Speaker. 
During the discussion, during this negotiation, we found an undisclosed site in Iran, and we don’t know how many more there are. It was undisclosed. They said, Oh, well, yeah, sorry about that; you can take a look now, I suppose. 
would we trust someone like that? Why would we trust someone, knowing the track record over the last 35 or 40 years of this country, of this nation? 
where the negotiation started on both sides—what were Iran’s requirements, what were the United States’ requirements—because we hear this is a good deal. We understand from the administration that it is a good deal, but we want to know it is a good deal with our own eyes. 
We want to see it. We want to think 
about it. We want to internalize it. We want to have an opportunity to ruminate on it and sleep on it and look at our children and think about our grandchildren in the world they are going to live in and think about whether this is a good deal. We are told: No, 
it is a good deal, take my word for it. 
started and ended for the most part, but some things, we do know. We do know that 2 years ago—heck, a year ago, enriching uranium for Iran was unforgivable, it was not allowed not only by the United States, but by the community of nations, by the United Nations. 
have legitimized not hundreds of centrifuges, but tens of thousands of centrifuges. Meanwhile, countries around the globe, across the globe, have peaceful nuclear programs and don’t have any centrifuges. 
That makes one wonder—not a nuclear scientist, not a physicist, don’t work at a reactor down at your local power plant—but if that is true, why did they need them? Why would we have agreed to that? We are right to be skeptical. 
this point, Rouhani, the guy that wrote this book, who lauded himself for duping the West in other negotiations, is at the top of the heap right now. 
body—forget people in this body. What about the vast majority of Americans that are skeptical? This is their voice. We are not necessarily only speaking for ourselves. 
and the majority of Americans that say ‘‘hold on’’ to the administration. You say it is a good deal, but let’s look with our own eyes because of these things, because the negotiators that negotiated the nuclear deal with North Korea that was going to disallow them to have nuclear weapons, they are the same negotiators that we have now in many cases; and, oh, by the way, in case you haven’t kept up on current events, North Korea has nuclear weapons. So is it really prudent and proper for us to be skeptical? Is it prudent and proper for us to ask questions? 
The biggest situation here, the biggest part of this is that there can be no mistakes. There is no margin of error with nuclear weapons. If one or two terrorists gets set free from Guantanamo and gets back out on the battlefield, that is regrettable; that is unacceptable, but that is very different than a nuclear blast. 
close. We live thousands and thousands of miles away, but Israel is described by their enemies that would have this nuclear weapon as a onebomb country because that is all it will take and it will all be over for that little country. 
certainly, Israel, that is bad for them, but why should we care so much? 
there, and we are over here, which begets the next question: Why are intercontinental ballistic missiles not included in the negotiation? 
Well, I will tell you if you don’t know. 
It is to deliver armament. What would that armament be? Well, that would be a nuclear warhead. You don’t need one to get to Israel, folks. You need one of those to get to the United States. 
Satan. Madam Speaker, you know who the Great Satan is; that is us. If this is so good, if this is so obviously good, why isn’t that included in the negotiation, in the agreement, in the framework? Look, we are just foolish Americans, but it seems to make sense to us that that should be there. 
heard the administration say: Well, during the duration of this Presidential term, we can be assured there will be no nuclear weapon in Iran. 
what about the rest of us that are going to plan on living out the fullest part of our lives and our children and our grandchildren that are worried past the next 2 years? Ten to 15 years is a blink of the eye, is a moment in history. That is still too short. 
the right answer for people and nations that act like Iran. 
Now, I heard recently that the administration said that they might let Congress express themselves. I thought about that—express themselves. I don’t know where that verbiage came from, but it seems to me—I am looking at my rule book here. It is the recipe which we follow to run the country. It says here, under article II, section 2, regarding the President: 
He shall have power, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to make treaties, provided twothirds of the Senators present concur. 
just go and look it up in the dictionary. It is an agreement. I keep hearing about this is a framework for a historic agreement. 
this is an agreement between the citizens of the United States and Iran, and the President is encumbering you when he signs this to everything therein, whether you agree with it or not. 
We understand we have representative government, but that is why the Congress is supposed to be involved. That is why article II, section 2 says the Senate must provide advice and consent, so that your wishes are heard, so that your concerns are heard, not so that one guy, one person, makes a decision for the entire country on issues that are so important. 
importance. There is strong precedent, historical precedent, for congressional review of nonproliferation: three strategic arm reduction treaties, START treaties with Russia; the Nonproliferation Treaty; the Biological Weapons Convention; the Chemical Weapons Convention; the Strategic Offensive Reduction Treaty; the U.S.India Civilian Nuclear Cooperation Agreement in 2008; and the civilian nuclear energy agreements with Vietnam and Taiwan 
submitted for congressional review by this President in 2014. 
If it is okay for them, why is this one 
any different? I would say to you that, recently, we heard that the country is stronger when the Congress and the administration work together. That was in reference to the authorization for the use of military force to confront ISIS. 
portion of the world that might become a growing cancer outside its bounds. I guess it is; but what is more important than nuclear war? If it is good enough for an AUMF with ISIS, why doesn’t it apply here? 
Madam Speaker, we are told that this is a good deal and we should just trust the administration. With all due respect, I think it is important to review the recent foreign policy issues and the record. I am just going to highlight a couple of events that you might be familiar with. 
Syria for the use of chemical weapons—we drew a red line, and then we watched it violated a dozen times before we said something, and then we backed off. Now, we are actually talking about having discussions and some kind of an agreement with Bashar al Assad. That didn’t work out too well. 
want to in Ukraine. We have convinced the Ukrainians to dismantle their nuclear program, saying that we would be there for them if they were ever attacked, and we are nowhere. I served in Iraq and so did my good friend from Florida, and we think about all the lives and the energy and the hardship lost in Iraq. I think you can hardly call that a success under this current administration. 
were going. We were staying. We were going. That was hardly a success in my mind. 
Egypt, a great wellspring of democracy where we chose the wrong side, and the Egyptian people had to choose the correct side. The Iranian green revolution, when they tried to rise up against oppression, and America turned its eyes and turned its face. Libya, where we helped overthrow a dictator, and, now, we have a failed state—and Yemen, the model of success for counterterrorism. 
Bergdahl for five terrorists? I mean, I don’t mean to be overly and hypercritical, Madam Speaker, but it just seems to me, if future performance is indicated by past performance, we have a right to be skeptical. 
All we are saying is it is right and it 
is our duty to question and to make sure that this is, indeed, good for the American people. 
should have no problem showing it to us and allowing us to vet it, like so many other historical precedents have. The greatness of it will be obvious to 
the American people and their Representatives, their Representatives here in this Hall and the Hall across the building. 
With that, I thank the gentleman. Mr. DESANTIS. I thank my friend. 
I think the gentleman from Pennsylvania did a good job of putting this all into a broader perspective in terms of this administration’s approach to the world. 
there are probably two countries that we have better relations with than when this President took office; and I think, almost uniformly, everywhere else, we are worse off. 
Cuba, we have much closer relationships now. The President shakes the hand of Raul Castro, a bloodstained hand, a hand that has suppressed thousands and thousands of people, that has killed the sinners, that has caused thousands of people to flee in sharkinfested waters to try to reach the shore of Florida; but the President is doing business with him, not helping the Cuban people. You actually see political repression has increased since we have changed policies, but the President seems fine with that. 
more than we ever have. The question is: Is that a good thing? I think the answer is a dancewiththedevil foreign policy has really never been tried before, and I think the chance of it succeeding is almost zero. 
framework, I think, is that it is symptomatic of a larger failure to properly address the hostile actors throughout the world. 
at our allies like Israel, like democracies in Europe, and they need to know that we are going to stand with them. I think we have an approach to the world right now where our allies can’t depend on us and our adversaries don’t really fear us. I think that is a bad approach, and I think, unfortunately, it is an approach that is going to invite more danger rather than keep us out of trouble. 
and made great comments. The President said recently that the criticism of this deal needs to stop. 
stop. We are going to be here; we are going to make the case on behalf of the American people, and we are going to be urging the Congress to speak loudly and clearly on behalf of American security. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
title was taken from the Speaker’s table and, under the rule, referred as follows: 
reported and found truly enrolled bills and a Joint Resolution of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mrs. COMSTOCK , on Monday, 
building located at 2030 Southwest 145th Avenue in Miramar, Florida, as the Benjamin P. Grogan and Jerry L. Dove Federal Building. 
tax benefits for charitable cash contributions for the relief of the families of New York Police Department Detectives Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos, and for other purposes. 
the reappointment of David M. Rubenstein as a citizen regent of the Board of Regents of 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, April 14, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
Reports concerning the foreign currencies and U.S. dollars utilized for Official Foreign Travel during the first 
quarter of 2015, pursuant to Public Law 95–384, are as follows: 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, ROBERT STORY KAREM, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 14 AND FEB. 21, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO BELGIUM, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 13 AND FEB. 17, 2015 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CUBA, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, AND HAITI, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 17  AND FEB. 22, 2015 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, DELEGATION TO CUBA, DOMINICAN REPUBLIC, AND HAITI, EXPENDED BETWEEN FEB. 17  AND FEB. 22, 2015—Continued 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
REPORT OF EXPENDITURES FOR OFFICIAL FOREIGN TRAVEL, COMMITTEE ON TRANSPORTATION AND INFRASTRUCTURE, HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, E XPENDED BETWEEN JAN. 1 AND 
Country Per diem1 Transportation * Other purposes ** Total 
2If foreign currency is used, enter U.S. dollar equivalent; if U.S. currency is used, enter amount expended. 
* Transportation: Includes Rental Coasters, Embassy Trans for Movement. ** Other Purposes: Includes Control Room; Hotel Charges for Bellmen, Cleaning; Security Protection; Embassy Overtime. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
931. A letter from the Under Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting the 2015 Annual Report to Congress on the Department of Defense Chemical and Biological Defense Program, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1523; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Act of 1978, 12 U.S.C. 3305; to the Committee 
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — 
of the United States, transmitting a letter regarding the recommendations of the Military Compensation and Retirement Modernization Commission; (H. Doc. No. 114—20); to the Committee on Armed Services and ordered to be printed. 
of the United States, transmitting notification that an Executive Order was issued declaring a national emergency with respect to the unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security, foreign policy, and economy of the United States posed by the increasing prevalence and severity of malicious cyberenabled activities originating from, or directed by persons located, in whole or in substantial part, outside the United States, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.; (H. Doc. No. 114—22); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 
Agency for International Development, transmitting seven reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Equal Employment Opportunity Programs, National Archives, transmitting the Archive’s annual report for FY 2014 prepared in accordance with the Notification and Federal Employee Antidiscrimination and Retaliation Act of 2002 (No FEAR Act), Pub. L. 
Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a report pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s 
U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Safety and Security Zones, 
1018. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Transportation, transmitting proposed legislation entitled the ‘‘Generating Renewal, Opportunity, and Work with Accelerated Mobility, Efficiency, and Rebuilding of Infrastructure and Communities throughout America Act’’ or the ’’GROW AMERICA Act‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
of the Army, Civil Works, Department of Defense, transmitting the proposal for authorization to modify the Truckee Meadows project on the Truckee River in Washoe County, Nevada, for the purposes of flood risk management and recreation; (H. Doc. No. 114—24); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and ordered to be printed. 
and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s final rule — Regulations Revising Rules Regarding 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
[Pursuant to section 5 of H. Res. 173 the 
Ways and Means. H.R. 622. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make permanent the deduction of State and local general sales taxes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–51). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1105. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the estate and generationskipping transfer taxes, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–52). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 650. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a high cost mortgage (Rept. 114–53). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 685. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for points and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction (Rept. 114–54). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1195. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to establish advisory boards, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–55). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1265. A bill to apply the requirements of the Federal Advisory Committee Act to the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (Rept. 114–56, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1529. A bill to amend the Truth in Lending Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act of 1974 to modify the requirements for community financial institutions with respect to certain rules relating to mortgage loans, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–57). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 299. A bill to amend the Federal Home Loan Bank Act to authorize privately insured credit unions to become members of a Federal home loan bank, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–58). Referred to 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 601. A bill to amend the GrammLeachBliley Act to provide an exception to the annual privacy notice requirement (Rept. 114–59). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1259. A bill to provide for an application process for interested parties to apply for an area to be designated as a rural area, and for other purposes (Rept. 114– 60). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1367. A bill to amend the Expedited Funds Availability Act to clarify the application of that Act to American Samoa and the Northern Mariana Islands (Rept. 114–61). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Mr. HENSARLING: Committee on Financial Services. H.R. 1480. A bill to ensure access to certain information for financial services industry regulators, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–62). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
on Intelligence. H.R. 1560. A bill to improve cybersecurity in the United States through enhanced sharing of information about cybersecurity threats, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–63). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1104. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a deduction from the gift tax for gifts made to certain exempt organizations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–64). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 189. A resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 650) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to modify the definitions of a mortgage originator and a highcost mortgage, providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 685) to amend the Truth in Lending Act to improve upon the definitions provided for point and fees in connection with a mortgage transaction, and providing for the adoption of the concurrent resolution (Senate Concurrent Resolution 11) setting forth the congressional budget for the United States Government for fiscal year 2016 and setting forth the appropriate budgetary levels for fiscal years 2017 through 2025 (Rept. 114–65). 
Ways and Means. H.R. 709. A bill to provide for the termination of employment of employees of the Internal Revenue Service who take certain official actions for political purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–66). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1314. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for a right to an administrative appeal relating to adverse determinations of taxexempt status of certain organizations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–67). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1026. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to permit the release of information regarding the status of certain investigations; with an amendment (Rept. 114–68). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. RYAN of Wisconsin: Committee on 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1152. A bill to prohibit officers and employees of the Internal Revenue Service from using personal email accounts to conduct official business; with an amendment (Rept. 114–69). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Ways and Means. H.R. 1058. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to clarify that a duty of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue is to ensure that Internal Revenue Service employees are familiar with and act in accord with certain taxpayer rights; with an amendment (Rept. 114–70). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform discharged from further consideration. H.R. 1265 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
Security Act of 2002 to enhance multidirectional sharing of information related to cybersecurity risks and strengthen privacy and civil liberties protections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
GIBBS, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. M ILLER of 
of Texas, Mr. U PTON , Mr. Y OUNG of 
DENHAM , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M ASSIE , Mr. 
MEADOWS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. W OODALL , Mr. R OKITA , Mr. 
KATKO , Mr. B ABIN, Mr. H ARDY , Mrs. 
ROUZER , Mr. G OSAR , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mr. L ABRADOR , and Mrs. W ALORSKI ): 
and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 1733. A bill to amend title 17, United 
States Code, to provide fair treatment of radio stations and artists for the use of sound recordings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
CRAMER , Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. M URPHY of 
Mr. O LSON , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 1734. A bill to amend subtitle D of the 
Solid Waste Disposal Act to encourage recovery and beneficial use of coal combustion residuals and establish requirements for the proper management and disposal of coal combustion residuals that are protective of human health and the environment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1735. A bill to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. SMITH of Nebraska (for himself, Mr. BUCK, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
H.R. 1736. A bill to amend the Clean Air 
Act with respect to the ethanol waiver for the Reid vapor pressure limitations under such Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mr. GUINTA (for himself, Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. D AVID 
SHERMAN , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. K ILDEE , 
of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection and to provide requirements for guidance issued by the Bureau with respect to indirect auto lending; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Security Act of 2002 to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to modernize and implement the national integrated public alert and warning system to disseminate homeland security information and other information, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security, and in addition to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Texas, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. D UNCAN of 
BLACKBURN , Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAMER , 
Government from requiring race or ethnicity to be disclosed in connection with the transfer of a firearm; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1740. A bill to amend title 18, United 
States Code, to prohibit former Members of Congress from lobbying Members, officers, or employees of Congress; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1741. A bill to ensure that patients receive accurate health care information by prohibiting misleading and deceptive advertising or representation in the provision of health care services, and to require the identification of the license of health care professionals, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
General to provide a grant to assist Federal, State, tribal, and local law enforcement 
agencies in the rapid recovery of missing individuals; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Congressional Gold Medal to Harriet Tubman, in recognition of her contributions and lifelong commitment in the fight for freedom of enslaved men, women, and children in the United States; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the ‘‘George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse‘‘, and to designate the jury room in that Federal building and United States courthouse as the ‘‘Marcel C. Notzon II Jury Room‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
HOLLEN , Mr. E LLISON , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
GRIJALVA , Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. L EE, and 
H.R. 1745. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow a credit against tax for surrendering to authorities certain assault weapons; to the Committee on Ways 
Labor Relations Act to protect employer rights; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
H.R. 1747. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide a credit to individuals for legal expenses paid with respect to establishing guardianship of a disabled individual; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1748. A bill to amend the Robert T. 
Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act to enhance existing programs providing mitigation assistance by encouraging States to adopt and actively enforce State building codes, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
BASS, Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mrs. C APPS , 
Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. 
Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H UFFMAN , 
Ms. K APTUR , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. K ING 
of New York, Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. L EE, 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
NADLER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
PIERLUISI , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. 
TAKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. W ELCH , and Ms. C LARKE of 
H.R. 1749. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reduce tobacco smuggling, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1750. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to establish a program to populate downloadable tax forms with taxpayer return information; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1751. A bill to amend part A of title II 
of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for 
himself, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R OEof 
Tennessee, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. B ABIN, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
PITTS, Mr. J ONES , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
HARRIS , Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H ARPER , 
GIBBS, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. J OHNSONof Ohio, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. M ESSER , 
H.R. 1752. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to make members of health care sharing ministries eligible to establish health savings accounts; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1753. A bill to establish a National Office for Cyberspace, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 1754. A bill to amend title 49, United 
States Code, to direct the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security (Transportation Security Administration) to transfer unclaimed money recovered at airport security checkpoints to nonprofit organizations that provide places of rest and recuperation at airports for members of the Armed Forces and their families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
H.R. 1755. A bill to amend title 36, United 
States Code, to make certain improvements in the congressional charter of the Disabled American Veterans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 1756. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to make various reforms to Social Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1757. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an increasingly larger earned income credit for families with more than 3 children; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 1758. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide for adjustments in the individual income tax rates to reflect regional differences in the costofliving; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
FORBES , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. F RANKS of 
Arizona, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. Z INKE): 
H.R. 1759. A bill to amend title 5, united 
States Code, to provide for the publication, by the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, of information relating to rulemakings, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
of Florida, Mr. B ERA, Mr. C OFFMAN , 
Mr. S CHRADER , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C OOPER , 
Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. R IBBLE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. J OYCE ): 
sourcing principles within the Federal Government; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Health Service Act to provide for the inclusion of occupational therapists in the National Health Service Corps Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H.R. 1762. A bill to name the Department of 
Veterans Affairs communitybased outpatient clinic in The Dalles, Oregon, as the ‘‘Loren R. Kaufman Memorial Veterans’ Clinic’’; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H.R. 1763. A bill to provide for the minimum size of crews of freight trains, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
By Mr. COLLINS of Georgia (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. A LLEN , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mr. S AM 
JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. R OSS, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. B UCHANAN , and 
H.J. Res. 42. A joint resolution disapproving the rule submitted by the Federal Communications Commission relating to the matter of protecting and promoting the open Internet; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
By Mrs. BLACK (for herself, Mr. MEADOWS, and Mr. F LORES ): 
H.J. Res. 43. A joint resolution disapproving the action of the District of Columbia Council in approving the Reproductive Health NonDiscrimination Amendment Act of 2014; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H. Con. Res. 34. Concurrent resolution authorizing the use of Emancipation Hall in the Capitol Visitor Center for a ceremony to 
present the Congressional Gold Medal to the American Fighter Aces; to the Committee on House Administration; considered and agreed to. 
for the designation of the fourth week in April as Every Kid Healthy Week; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
for the designation of April 10, 2015, as ‘‘Venture Smith’s Freedom Day’’; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Mr. V ALADAO , Ms. L EE, Mr. H ONDA , 
Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. 
Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. B ERA, 
American community’s celebration of Vaisakhi; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
By Mr. GRAVES of Missouri (for himself, Mr. LAMBORN , and Mr. C OFFMAN): 
National Museum of World War II Aviation in Colorado Springs, Colorado, as America’s National World War II Aviation Museum; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
By Mr. KILDEE (for himself, Mr. CONYERS , Mr. L EVIN, Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. J OYCE , Mrs. M ILLER of Michigan, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
HIGGINS , Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. F UDGE , 
DUCKWORTH , and Mr. D UFFY ): H. Res. 194. A resolution expressing the 
sense of the House of Representatives that the President and the Secretary of State should ensure that the Canadian Government does not permanently store nuclear waste in the Great Lakes Basin; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
sense of the House of Representatives about a national strategy for the Internet of Things to promote economic growth and consumer empowerment; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
recent terrorist attacks in Tunis that resulted in the tragic loss of 21 innocent lives; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
for designation of April as ‘‘Organ Donation Awareness/Donate Life Month‘‘; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H. Res. 198. A resolution to establish standards defining impeachable ‘‘high crimes and misdemeanors‘‘ within the meaning of Article II, section 4 as applied to the President of the United States; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the 
Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 1731. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1732. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce among the several States). 
H.R. 1733. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1734. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress ‘‘to provide for the common Defence’’, ‘‘to raise and 
support Armies’’, ‘‘to provide and maintain a Navy’’ and ‘‘to make Rules for the Government and Regulation of the land and naval Forces’’ as enumerated in Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1736. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the several states). 
H.R. 1737. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power. . . . To 
make Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1738. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts, and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts, and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the forgoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 1739. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof 
H.R. 1740. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 5, Clause 2; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18. 
H.R. 1741. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.R. 1742. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1743. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and 
clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. 
H.R. 1744. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF 
CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To 
make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 1745. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause I of the United 
H.R. 1746. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that is intended to limit the scope of an existing statute. As such, this bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 1747. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. 
H.R. 1748. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1749. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 1750. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1751. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1752. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the power of Congress as stated in Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 1753. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the 
H.R. 1754. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1755. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1756. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1757. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 Section 8 and Clause 18 Section 8 
of Article I and the 16th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 1758. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution 
H.R. 1759. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of legislative powers generally granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation concerns the exercise of specific legislative powers granted to Congress by that section, including the exercise of those powers when delegated by Congress to the Executive; and, Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ 
H.R. 1760. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 1761. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 1762. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the power of Congress to raise and support an army) 
H.R. 1763. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 Congress shall have Power to regulate 
Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.J. Res. 42. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power . . . ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ 
H.J. Res. 43. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 17 
Congress shall have power . . . To exercise 
exclusive Legislation in all Cases whatsoever, over such District (not exceeding ten Miles square) as may, by Cession of particular States, and the Acceptance of Congress, become the Seat of Government of the United States, and to exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dockYards, and other needful Buildings. 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 76: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. R ANGEL , and Mr. B ISHOP  
H.R. 91: Mr. S TEWART , Mr. P OCAN , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. K EATING , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R USH, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
H.R. 118: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. H UIZENGA of 
H.R. 167: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. G IBSON , and 
H.R. 209: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. Emmer of Minnesota, Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RAYSON, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. M CCAUL, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R YANof 
Ohio, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. 
H.R. 210: Mr. H ILLand Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 223: Mr. H ANNA and Mr. G IBSON . 
BEYER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. M OULTON , and Mr. P OLIQUIN . 
H.R. 249: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. K IND, Mr. P OLIS, 
Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
H.R. 267: Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
POCAN , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C APUANO, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. F ARR, Mr. G IBSON , and 
H.R. 282: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Ms. 
H.R. 292: Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. Y ODER , Mr. M CCAUL, 
Mr. J ONES , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, and 
H.R. 303: Mr. W ALZ, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. M ILLERof Florida, Mr. V ELA, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
H.R. 306: Mr. R USH, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, and 
H.R. 317: Ms. M ENG, Ms. D ELAURO , and Mr. 
H.R. 333: Mr. S MITH of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 358: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mrs. 
H.R. 448: Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Ms. E SHOO , and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 465: Mr. U PTON and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 509: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. B RENDAN  
H.R. 511: Mr. R IBBLE and Mr. M OONEY of 
H.R. 512: Mr. B UCHANAN , Mr. P AYNE , Mrs. 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 531: Mrs. L AWRENCE and Mr. T EDLIEU 
LYNCH , Mr. F LORES , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, and Ms. L EE. 
H.R. 571: Mr. T ROTT and Mr. S TEWART . 
H.R. 588: Mr. T IPTON , Mr. T IBERI , and Mr. 
H.R. 592: Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Mr. 
HANNA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. K ILMER, Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Ms. J ACKSON  
LEE, Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. G OODLATTE , Ms. S PEIER , and Ms. 
H.R. 594: Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. G UINTA , Mr. 
KINGof Iowa, Ms. G RANGER , Mr. M ASSIE , and 
H.R. 602: Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. H ARPER , and 
H.R. 606: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
H.R. 619: Mr. J OLLY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. T ED 
H.R. 624: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. G RAYSON , 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. E MMER of 
Minnesota, Mr. M ARINO , and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 662: Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. 
RIBBLE , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
Mr. G OODLATTE , and Mr. C OURTNEY . 
H.R. 675: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. P EARCE . 
H.R. 696: Mr. G UTHRIE and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 699: Ms. M CSALLY , Ms. R OYBAL  
ALLARD , Mr. K ATKO , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mrs. 
H.R. 709: Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. H UELSKAMP , 
Mr. B URGESS , and Mr. J ORDAN . 
H.R. 721: Mr. A LLEN , Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. N EWHOUSE , Ms. G RAHAM , Mrs. 
BUSTOS , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. 
H.R. 742: Mr. S CHIFF and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 774: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mrs. 
RADEWAGEN , Mr. K EATING , Mr. J OLLY , and 
H.R. 775: Mr. D ELANEY , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
YOUNG of Alaska, Mr. F ARR, and Mr. C HABOT . H.R. 784: Ms. G ABBARD , Mrs. L AWRENCE , 
Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. D EUTCH , and Miss R ICEof 
H.R. 793: Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. 
CRAWFORD , Mr. S ARBANES , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , 
H.R. 802: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H ARPER , Mr. 
NOLAN , Mr. N UGENT , and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 815: Mr. G UINTA , Mr. M CKINLEY , Mr. 
HUNTER , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
ROKITA , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. R ENACCI . 
H.R. 818: Mr. S IMPSON and Mrs. K IRKPATRICK . 
FARENTHOLD , Mrs. B LACK , and Mrs. B EATTY . 
H.R. 823: Mr. H IGGINS and Ms. T SONGAS . 
H.R. 825: Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. L IPINSKI, Mrs. L OWEY , and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 842: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
MCDERMOTT , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Mrs. D AVIS of 
H.R. 846: Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
TONKO , Ms. M ATSUI , and Mr. R USH. 
H.R. 855: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. R ICHMOND . 
H.R. 863: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. R OUZER , and Mr. 
H.R. 868: Mr. S MITH of Missouri, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. 
H.R. 879: Mr. H ENSARLING , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. J ONES , and Mr. W ESTERMAN . 
H.R. 891: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. V ELA, Mr. H INOJOSA, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. A LGREEN of 
Mr. C ONAWAY , and Mr. C ULBERSON . 
H.R. 911: Mr. K EATING , Mr. M OULTON , and 
H.R. 920: Mr. C OHEN and Mr. D EFAZIO. 
H.R. 923: Mr. B OST, Mr. Y OUNG of Alaska, 
WESTERMAN , Mr. D OLD, Mr. F ORTENBERRY , 
H.R. 932: Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. R USH, and Mr. 
H.R. 935: Mr. C OSTA , Ms. L OFGREN and Ms. 
H.R. 963: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 969: Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. S HERMAN, Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. R IGELL , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. H ILL, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 970: Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. M ESSER , Mr. 
GROTHMAN , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mrs. B LACKBURN , and 
H.R. 971: Mr. H ASTINGS and Mr. R ODNEY  
H.R. 973: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
H.R. 985: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mrs. B LACK BURN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. W ALZ, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. E STY, and Mr. 
H.R. 989: Mr. M CCLINTOCK and Mr. N OLAN . 
H.R. 990: Mr. C OOK, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and 
H.R. 997: Mr. Z INKE, Mr. A LLEN , and Mr. 
H.R. 999: Mr. G OSAR , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. H IGGINS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. K EATING , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. M ESSER , Ms. M OORE , 
Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
TAKANO , Mr. U PTON , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, 
Mr. M URPHY of Florida, and Mr. C URBELO of 
H.R. 1019: Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
REICHERT , Mrs. L AWRENCE , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1053: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. P AYNE . 
H.R. 1059: Mr. C ARTER of Texas and Mr. 
H.R. 1062: Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. T IBERI , Ms. 
BUCSHON , Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. 
H.R. 1073: Mr. D ESANTIS , Mr. K LINE, Mr. 
Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. U PTON , 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H ENSARLING , and Mr. T IBERI . 
H.R. 1096: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W AGNER , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. 
H.R. 1101: Mr. Q UIGLEY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
H.R. 1111: Ms. H AHN, Mr. G RAYSON , Ms. 
H.R. 1125: Mr. W ITTMAN and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1130: Mr. L OBIONDO , Mr. H IGGINS , and 
H.R. 1131: Mr. F ARRand Mr. D OGGETT . 
H.R. 1142: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. 
KILMER , Mr. U PTON , and Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1143: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Mr. 
H.R. 1150: Mr. C ARTER of Texas, Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. H OLDING , Mr. W OODALL , 
Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. W ILSON of South Carolina, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. F ORBES , Mr. 
AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
FORTENBERRY , Mr. R OHRABACHER , Mr. K ING 
of Iowa, Mr. R OUZER , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. C OLE, 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. 
GIBSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mrs. 
NAPOLITANO , Mr. H UDSON , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. 
FRANKS of Arizona, Mr. L IPINSKI , Ms. E STY, 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. D UNCAN of 
South Carolina, Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. J OYCE , 
Mr. W ALKER , Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. T HOMPSON of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. B OST, Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mrs. H ARTZLER , Mrs. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
MCKINLEY , Mr. B ARTON , Mr. T URNER , Mr. 
MULVANEY , Mr. R OSS, Mr. B ARR, Mr. C ARTER  
of Georgia, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. M ICA, and Mr. 
H.R. 1170: Ms. P INGREE , Mr. K IND, and Mr. 
Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. U PTON . 
H.R. 1174: Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. G ALLEGO , 
Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. 
BUCK, Mr. B YRNE , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1188: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. C OOK, Mr. D ENHAM , Mr. N OLAN , 
H.R. 1192: Mr. B ARR, Mr. K ILDEE , Ms. 
KUSTER , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. F ORTENBERRY , and Ms. B ROWNLEY of California. 
H.R. 1218: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. P ASCRELL . 
H.R. 1221: Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. R YANof Ohio, 
Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R OYCE , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
H.R. 1233: Mr. F INCHER , Mr. W ILSON of 
South Carolina, Mr. B LUM, and Mr. R OSS. 
H.R. 1249: Mr. B YRNE , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. I SSA, and Mr. W ALDEN . 
H.R. 1258: Mr. O’R OURKE , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
Pennsylvania, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. L OBIONDO . 
H.R. 1284: Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. B EYER , and 
H.R. 1287: Mr. H ENSARLING and Mr. K ELLY  
H.R. 1289: Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mr. H ONDA , 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. L ANGEVIN , 
Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. 
SPEIER , Mr. C ONYERS , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
MCCOLLUM , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. H UFFMAN , and 
H.R. 1300: Mr. A MODEI , Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 1309: Mrs. L OVE, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
H.R. 1336: Mr. A SHFORD and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 1342: Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. T AKAI, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, Mr. F ORBES , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. C AROLYNB. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. C UMMINGS , 
Mr. H IGGINS , Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. D ENT, Mr. 
TIPTON , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , and Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1343: Mr. G IBBS, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, 
Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1349: Mr. G RAVES of Missouri and Mr. 
H.R. 1358: Mr. G RIJALVA and Mrs. L AWRENCE  
H.R. 1365: Mr. C OOK, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. 
H.R. 1369: Mr. Y OHO, Mr. S TEWART , Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. R IBBLE . 
H.R. 1399: Mr. B OUSTANY and Mr. J OLLY . H.R. 1400: Mrs. B LACKBURN . 
H.R. 1401: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M ULVANEY , 
Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
RUSH, Mr. F ARR, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. W EBSTER of 
Florida, Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. T AKAI. 
H.R. 1404: Mr. B EYER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. 
WALZ, Ms. L EE, and Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 1427: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. H ECK of Nevada, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. J OLLY , Mr. R ANGEL , 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
DEFAZIO, Ms. P INGREE , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , and 
H.R. 1434: Mrs. B EATTY , Mrs. C APPS , Ms. 
DELBENE, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. L OWENTHAL , and 
H.R. 1439: Mr. G RAYSON , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , 
PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. B EYER , and Mr. 
H.R. 1462: Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. M CGOVERN , 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, 
Mr. T ONKO , and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . 
H.R. 1475: Ms. C OFFMAN and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
LEVIN, Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. D EFAZIO, Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. P RICE of 
H.R. 1538: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. A MASH , 
Mr. B EYER , and Mr. B LUMENAUER . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. L ARSON of 
Connecticut, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mr. P ETERS , 
Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. B USTOS , Mr. W ITTMAN , Mr. 
ISRAEL , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
BISHOP of Georgia, Ms. L EE, Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. F ARR, Mr. 
HECKof Washington, Mrs. C APPS , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. 
GIBSON , Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. P AULSEN , Mr. T ED 
California, Mr. O’R OURKE , Mr. K ILDEE , Mr. 
WALDEN , Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. M ESSER . 
H.R. 1565: Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 1586: Mr. M CDERMOTT and Ms. R OS 
H.R. 1599: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. P ERRY , and 
H.R. 1604: Mrs. C OMSTOCK and Mr. L ANCE . 
H.R. 1614: Mr. B ARR, Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, 
H.R. 1619: Mr. V ISCLOSKY and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1622: Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. R ANGEL , and 
H.R. 1624: Mr. F ORTENBERRY , Mr. M EADOWS , 
H.R. 1635: Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin and Mr. 
MULVANEY . H.R. 1640: Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. 
H.R. 1654: Ms. L ORETTA SANCHEZ of California, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C OLLINS  
H.R. 1655: Mr. L EVIN and Mr. C ONYERS . 
H.R. 1658: Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. G OHMERT , 
H.R. 1666: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. 
CARTWRIGHT , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , Mr. T IPTON, Mr. R OSS, and Mr. W ELCH . 
H.R. 1671: Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. C ARTER of Georgia. 
H.R. 1674: Mr. H INOJOSA , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. 
MENG, Mrs. C APPS , Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. 
DELAURO , Ms. P INGREE , and Mr. E LLISON . 
H.R. 1677. Mr. H ARRIS , Ms. M ENG, Mr. 
MESSER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. P OCAN , and 
H.R. 1706: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. H ONDA , Ms. 
PINGREE , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. P OCAN , and Mr. 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. G UINTA , and Mr. W ITTMAN. 
H. Con. Res. 28: Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. B URGESS , 
Mrs. L OVE, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. M ARCHANT , 
Mr. Z INKE, Mr. W ESTMORELAND , Mr. B ISHOP  
of Michigan, Mr. C HABOT , and Mr. C ARTER of 
H. Res. 12: Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. G IBBS, 
Mr. A GUILAR , Mr. C LAY, Mrs. N OEM, Ms. G RAHAM, Mr. P ERRY , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , 
Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. V ELA. 
H. Res. 28: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. 
BEATTY , Mr. B EYER , Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. G RAHAM, Mr. L OBIONDO , and Mr. V ELA. 
H. Res. 126: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. C ONYERS , and 
H. Res. 139: Mr. R OSKAM and Mr. F ORBES . 
H. Res. 154: Mr. B RATand Mrs. M ILLER of 
H. Res. 161: Mr. C ONNOLLY and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 182: Ms. B ORDELLO and Mr. H ASTINGS . 
H. Res. 186: Ms. B ONAMICI and Mr. D OLD. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2093 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 13, 2015 No. 52 