today to congratulate Rock Island’s own Madison Keys on her outstanding performance at the Australian Open. 
Christine and Rick Keys of Rock Island, Illinois, and at the close of this tournament, Madison will be the world’s highest ranking teenage tennis player. The 19yearold defeated the reigning Wimbledon champion, Petra Kvitova, in the third round of the tournament. And yesterday, she played in the quarterfinals against the woman who inspired her to play tennis, Venus Williams—and Madison won. 
Wimbledon when she was just 4 years old and being inspired to play tennis when she saw Venus’ fancy tennis dress. Last night’s match in a way represents the passing of the torch between generations on the U.S. women’s tennis team as Madison now advances to the next round. Tomorrow she plays Serena Williams. 
tennis career in front of her, and I look forward to seeing where she goes. I hope that, just as Venus Williams inspired her, she inspires another generation of young girls to get involved in sports and follow their dreams. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
today in support of National School Choice Week. I have traveled all across northern Michigan, and I have been blessed to visit all kinds of schools in my district. I have met with hardworking kids, parents, and teachers who are trying to achieve a better future. 
onesizefitsall model. School choice programs provide a way for parents to help their children succeed. Choice promotes competition in our educational system, which will improve the educational outcome for all students. 
prosper by attending their local public school, many others are bogged down by outdated rules that prevent parents from choosing the best educational fit for their children. In order to succeed, parents need options and flexibility, not more regulations. 
Schools of Choice program, which allows parents to send their children to any school in a participating district. These are the types of programs that empower parents and students instead of teachers’ unions and bureaucrats. 
that every child has a chance to flourish, and that is why I am a proud supporter of National School Choice Week. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
today to call this House to action. In the opening weeks of the 114th Congress, this Chamber has voted to deport DREAMers and the parents of American citizens. And the House majority continues to put our national security at risk by threatening to shut down the Department of Homeland Security just because they object to the administration’s efforts to keep immigrant families together and to deport violent criminals. 
No matter how you feel about the administration’s efforts, we should all recognize that it is time to set aside these partisan games and take substantive action to pass a comprehensive immigration reform bill. It is not just the moral thing to do for so many of our friends and neighbors; it is the right thing to do for our economy, for our public safety, and for our country. 
a comprehensive immigration reform bill to the floor for a vote. It is the right thing to do. 
(Mr. DOLD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
to highlight the importance of the legislation that we passed this week on human trafficking. 
this despicable crime. In both Lake and Cook Counties, we seem to have too many cases of human trafficking. In the Chicagoland area, up to 25,000 women and girls are victims of commercial sexual exploitation. 
According to the Justice Department, as many as 300,000 American youths are at risk of becoming victims of sexual trafficking. The average age for girls that first become victims is between 12 and 14 years of age. 
youth by establishing programs to help runaways and homeless children who are at the highest risk for becoming victims. The bills will also help address the issue by giving tools to health care professionals and law enforcement to identify and help victims of human trafficking, and to create programs to deter and prevent human trafficking in the first place. 
Human trafficking for sexual exploitation is an epidemic that needs to be stopped. This is a first step, and we must remain focused to end human trafficking altogether. 
just ask that the Republican leadership begin to bring legislation to the floor that would actually make a difference for America, certainly addressing the economy and job creation and increasing wages, which are so important to my constituents and, I believe, to all Americans. 
leadership is doing here is rehashing the same old legislation that is going nowhere either because it won’t pass the Senate or because the President won’t sign it. 
we are going to have the third pipeline bill that essentially tries to straitjacket Federal agencies—again, not going anywhere. It is pretty likely the President would veto any of them if they come to his desk. 
leadership is going to bring up another Affordable Care Act repeal. This will be like the 56th or 57th effort to repeal the Affordable Care Act, which is actually working well. More Americans than ever have signed up during this second enrollment period. We had another effort to weaken the Affordable Care Act just a couple of weeks ago. 
It is time to do the things that people want, talk about the economy, and bring legislation that matters to the American people. REVERSE SEQUESTRATION CUTS 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I rise today to call on my colleagues to join me in stopping the sequester’s impact on our military. 
I want Members to hear what General Martin Dempsey, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, had to say. He directly advises the President and Congress, and these are his words: 
Act and the sequestration mechanism will make it impossible for us to meet our global responsibilities. 
hole. The global security environment is more dangerous and sequestration is still on the books as the law. It’s absolutely crazy for this country. 
Since the President promised the sequestration would not happen but then he said he would veto changes to it, some Members of this House seem to have accepted that the sequestration must go into effect. 
of our job, and with growing threats both domestic and abroad, Members of this House must come together to end the sequester cuts that reduce the capabilities of our armed services. 
President, and General Dempsey—all swore the same oath to defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. We as Members of Congress have a duty to provide a military to protect the American people. 
for me. As a Georgia Republican on the Armed Services Committee, I am going to continue to fight on behalf of the men and women at Robins and Moody Air Force Bases and the warfighters of this country who protect us. 
are mandated by the State constitution to balance the budget. This is something that we are sorely in need of here in Washington. 
released a report that indicated that deficits are projected to balloon over the next several years, topping $1 trillion by 2025. The national debt will grow to over $21 trillion by the same year. 
unsustainable trends. That is why I am very proud to be a cosponsor of the Savings Accountability Value and Efficiency Act, or SAVE Act. This bill, introduced by my good friend and colleague Congressman PATRICK MURPHY , 
in working to put our country on a more sustainable fiscal path. I hope that we can come together in a bipartisanship manner towards that end. 
week Americans from all 50 States will gather at over 11,000 events nationwide to celebrate National School Choice Week. These are not partisan gatherings focused on a particular piece of legislation, nor are the attendees advocating for one type of school over another; rather, these gatherings will highlight the importance of providing parents with diverse choices when it comes to the education of their children. 
given educational opportunities dictated by what best serves someone else’s economic interest or is focused on their own economic status or where they live. This is inappropriate. We need a better way. 
I have supported legislation to expand charter schools. That is a bipartisanship thing that we can all agree on. That empowers parents. At the State level, Republican legislators and Governors have passed open enrollment laws and funding portability for education. 
great reminder that we must continue to pursue these vital reforms, ensuring all parents have freedom when deciding how to educate their children. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 48, I call up the bill (H.R. 351) to provide for expedited approval of exportation of natural gas, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act’’. 
must also obtain authorization from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or the United States Maritime Administration to site, construct, expand, or operate LNG export facilities, the Department of Energy shall issue a final decision on any application for the authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b) not later than 30 days after 
construct, expand, or operate the LNG facilities required by the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S. C. 4321 et seq.); or 
brought under this subsection for expedited consideration and shall set the matter on the docket as soon as practical after the filing date of the initial pleading. 
Section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 
717b) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
of any authorization to export LNG, the Secretary of Energy shall require the applicant to publicly disclose the specific destination or destinations of any such authorized LNG exports.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 48, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. WHITFIELD ) 
and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 30 minutes. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 351. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? 
There was no objection. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
of H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act sponsored by Congressman BILLJOHNSON of Ohio. All of us recognize that the economy 
in the U.S. has been sputtering. We have had great advancements in technology, however, and innovation in hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling have led America to become the number one natural gas producing nation in the world. 
increased since 2005 and is expected to continue rising in the decades ahead in response to growing demand. Plentiful natural gas is helping many domestic energy producers and manufacturers and is spurring new investment and job growth here in America. 
The Committee on Energy and Commerce has held multiple hearings and forums to discuss the domestic growth in natural gas production and its potential impact on trade, geopolitics, and energy production and consumption in America. 
bring more of this critical energy resource to other parts of the world while stimulating our energy security, economic growth, and foreign policy. 
many of us have been really surprised by the number of representatives from other countries in Europe and around the world who are pleading with America to export their natural gas so that those countries are not as dependent upon countries like Russia and others. 
I might also add that, in 2012, the Department of Energy commissioned a report by NERA Economic Consulting to assess the economic impacts of LNG exports. NERA recently updated this study to include the most current projections from the Energy Information Administration. 
that U.S. LNG exports will bring widespread economic benefits, touching many parts of our economy, and that those benefits would consistently increase as exports increase. 
construction of new LNG export projects is estimated to put up to 45,000 unemployed Americans back to work. I might also add that this legislation does not in any way change anything that FERC has responsibility for in approving siting of these natural gas pipelines and facilities for export, so we are not affecting in any way any environmental aspects of it. 
bill is being introduced is because we think that the Department of Energy has been dragging its feet a little bit. They have responsibility over the commodity of the natural gas, and they have to go through a process. This legislation also applies only to nonfree trade agreements that the U.S. deals with. 
has issued a final decision on five of the 37 applications to export LNG to countries where the U.S. does not have a free trade agreement. 
export of natural gas arises under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act. This provision creates a rebuttable presumption that a proposed export of natural gas is in the public interest. DOE must grant the application unless opponents of the application overcome the presumption, and there are 18 countries where we have these free trade agreements. 
to export LNG to nonfree trade agreement countries is much more complex and unpredictable, and this legislation would help clarify that and create some certainty. It amends section 3 of the Natural Gas Act to give DOE 30 days to issue a final decision on an LNG export application after a complete NEPA environmental review on the facility. 
expedited judicial reviews by the United States court of appeals for the circuit in which the export facility will be located, and this is important as well. It requires public disclosure of export destinations, so we know where it is going as a condition of approval of authorization to export LNG. 
This is a very important piece of legislation. I want to commend Mr. JOHNSONof Ohio for introducing this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
this legislation which is simply unnecessary. The Department of Energy currently conducts a public interest review of all applications to export liquefied natural gas to a country without a free trade agreement with the United States. 
applications to export LNG and has issued conditional approvals to four additional applications. DOE has approved all applications that have completed their required NEPA review, and so there is no backlog or delay at the DOE to speak of. 
the ability to become one of the largest exporters of natural gas in the world, and so legislation to impose an arbitrary 30day deadline on DOE, as suggested by the underlying bill, is simply unnecessary. 
we should keep in mind that low domestic natural gas prices can provide an important competitive advantage to U.S. manufacturing, and simple economics tells us that additional demand due to unrestricted exports can raise domestic natural gas prices, so we should think twice about giving away this advantage for shortterm export profits when we are trying hard to rebuild our longterm manufacturing base. 
bill will not result in LNG exports to Europe for some time, if at all. Although one LNG export terminal is set to begin full operation later this year, 
all other terminals remain under construction or are in the planning process. 
facilities allows them to continue moving forward, but this legislation won’t help speed up their construction or affect how quickly they can actually operate, so passing this bill today will not magically send LNG from the proposed terminals tomorrow. 
When the United States actually begins to export significant quantities of LNG, it will most likely go to Asia, not Europe. The export terminals most likely to get constructed have already signed longterm contracts to supply LNG to various customers, and those destinations are primarily in Asia. 
Mr. Speaker, I oppose this bill because I don’t believe the phantom LNG export backlog is one of the pressing issues facing ordinary Americans, and I don’t believe that expediting this type of infrastructure is what our country needs most. 
I believe our country should be encouraging the use of renewable energy resources like wind and solar power. We should be investing in increased energy efficiency and a smart grid. We should be trying to find ways to make our energy infrastructure more resilient and capable of withstanding extreme weather events, like Hurricane Sandy. 
solutions that America should be investing in, the type that will enhance our energy security, reduce carbon emissions, and lower overall energy costs to customers. 
achieve any of these goals. In fact, the 30day deadline in the bill could have counterproductive results. If DOE is forced to make a decision before they have determined if the project is in the public interest, it may have no choice but to deny the application, and that outcome certainly doesn’t benefit anyone, especially the applicants. 
that the Republican majority has brought secondhand energy legislation to the floor, legislation that passed the House last Congress. Like the two bills before it, H.R. 351 would also serve no real purpose. 
I just hope that we can begin soon to 
look at new energy legislation that will move America forward in developing a clean energy infrastructure. In the meantime, I would urge my colleagues to vote against this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
this time, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. JOHNSON ), the 
support of H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act. This important legislation will bring certainty to the Department of Energy’s review process for LNG export applications, create American jobs, continue spurring America’s manufacturing comeback, and provide a stable source of energy to our allies in Europe and around the world. 
Thanks to the energy renaissance occurring throughout eastern and southeastern Ohio and across the United States, America is able to produce large quantities of natural gas like never before, enough to meet our domestic natural gas demands and export excess LNG to the global marketplace. 
gas, we have an opportunity to significantly affect geopolitics and to create American jobs, but only if we enact smart policies like H.R. 351. 
exports will not remain open indefinitely, so it is important that Congress act immediately. If Congress fails to act, companies will continue to face regulatory uncertainty, which creates hesitancy in securing financing for constructing LNG terminals, plus nations with nearterm energy needs will look elsewhere. 
as reducing the oppressive influence of other exporters like Russia and Iran, while simultaneously strengthening ties with our allies, could be ultimately jeopardized. 
that increased LNG exports will not really help our allies in Europe, but that is simply not true. Regardless of where U.S. natural gas is sent, increasing the supply and competition in the international market will provide global consumers with greater choice and, most importantly, increased leverage when negotiating LNG pricing contracts. 
large amounts of LNG, the U.S. has already indirectly helped our European allies. With the passage of this legislation, even more LNG will be free to go to places that need it most. 
Equally important, if we delay, domestic economic benefits may also fail to materialize, specifically the opportunity to create some 45,000 jobs by 2018 and increase hardworking taxpayer salaries by $1 billion over 6 years. This is a win for manufacturing, especially those who make drilling equipment pipeline components, not to mention the refining, petrochemicals, and chemicals sectors. 
pass H.R. 351. To date, DOE has issued a final decision on only five of the 38 pending LNG export applications received since 2010. This is unacceptable. I urge my colleagues to help bring certainty to DOE’s approval process, create jobs, help maximize American energy production, and help our allies abroad by voting for this important legislation. 
minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RUSH), the ranking member of the 
thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. PALLONE , for his leadership and for his positive contributions to this entire institution. 
H.R. 351 because, once again, it is a proposed solution to a problem that we can’t find, a problem that we have searched high and low for. This problem, Mr. Speaker, simply doesn’t exist. 
coming up with solutions to a problem that doesn’t even exist. When will my colleagues on the other side do something productively in this Congress and come up with real solutions to problems that do exist for the American people? 
Mr. Speaker, currently, the Department of Energy, as we speak today, has already approved not one, not two, not three, not even four, but five applications—five—for existing LNG, and there are four more conditional approvals pending. 
Altogether, Mr. Speaker, the approved applications authorize the export of over 10 million cubic feet per day of LNG. The pending applications collectively seek an additional 27.5 billion cubic feet of LNG exported each and every day—27.5. 
problem. Show me the way. Point out the problem. 
that arbitrarily mandates the DOE application process would shortcircuit the public interest review—short circuit—cut it short. The public doesn’t have any input. No review by the public. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). The time of the gentleman has expired. 
30day deadline would unnecessarily fasttrack the DOE to hastily make a decision on export applications, regardless of how complex the application may be. The result of this ambiguous 30day deadline may negatively affect DOE’s ability to soberly and thoroughly assess the impact that cumulative exports may have on natural gas prices. 
the station, at the pump, on the American people, and we all of a sudden, without any study, without any conversation, without any consideration, just force the DOE to arbitrarily meet this 30day deadline? What is going to be the effect on the consumer in terms of these gas prices at the pump? Are they going to skyrocket as a result of this hasty, irresponsible action? Tell me, do you have answers to that? 
consequence of actually denying applications if the agency does not have the time to complete its due diligence. This is insane. This is the utmost of insanity. Mr. Speaker, I must oppose this bill 
because at the end of the day when you skim away all of the rhetoric and all the hyperbole around this bill, it will not speed up energy exports to Europe and it will not speed up exports to our other allies. 
Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, to paraphrase Elvis Presley: let this body return this bill to sender, return it to sender, address unknown, no such problem, no such home. 
to committee where it can go through regular order, and we can have a thorough discussion on these important issues before voting on such a consequential bill. 
this time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), who has 
been a real leader in helping America become energy independent. 
of this bill because this is simply a commonsense bill. 
largest producer of natural gas in the world and has proven gas resources to supply our needs for decades to come. This is an achievement that we have reached despite roadblocks and delays from the executive branch. The latest delay is the Department of Energy’s rule from last summer to hold up export terminal applications. 
review process for LNG exports by requiring a timeline for making a decision and making agencies work together on the review. This is commonsense change, Mr. Speaker. 
production of natural gas have cut energy bills for families across the country. Those are the same innovations that have also made it affordable to ship LNG around the globe. 
of our natural resources through new technologies, such as horizontal drilling, have begun an energy and manufacturing renaissance in America. 
American families and businesses with an affordable and reliable energy supply. But that could all end unless we let the free market work. 
facto ban on new exports and bring market stability to the global gas market. Let’s get the government out of the way, and let’s give our American innovators a chance to work. 
of Ohio, and the entire Nation will reap the benefits of more jobs, increased pay, and lower energy costs if we pass this bill. 
351 and end the selfimposed restrictions on LNG exports. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, may I 
ask how much time is remaining on both sides? 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 21 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Kentucky has 20 minutes remaining. 
At this time, I yield 3 minutes to the 
who is the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee. 
and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, let me explain the problem we have and the need for this bill today. 
that passed this House last Congress, and it came through our committee, the Energy and Commerce Committee. 
Department of Energy some deadlines to make a decision on our national interests—that is what it does—so we can do it. They have held those permits sometimes up to 2 years to make that determination. 
with the United States, we can export natural gas to you. But they need to decide the national interests. I want the DOE to do that, but I also want to make a decision in very quick time. 
know who our adversaries are. We don’t really want to send it to our adversaries, we want to send it to our friends. So that is DOE’s job. 
right now today, or yesterday, gas is $2.88 per million cubic feet. It was up about $4, which is still not great for a producer. But what we have been doing in south Texas is flaring natural gas. It is bad for the environment. It is bad for the people who produce it because they don’t have a customer. And what we need to do is be able to export what we can’t use. 
Bell ice cream. In fact, their advertising slogan is: ‘‘We eat all we can and we sell the rest.’’ 
utility industry that uses natural gas. They are using it. But we still have a lot of production. So why would we not use all we can in our country and sell the rest and make somebody else pay for those jobs that we have in our community? And that is the problem. 
down. But oil and natural gas sometimes come out of the same well. So that is why we need to make sure that we have the right, on a reasonable timeframe, to export natural gas to countries that we want to be friendly with. I would love to have a natural gas export right now to Ukraine. The infrastructure over there is not there. It could get there with some reversing pipelines. 
climate, and the U.S. security interests. The United States has natural resources to become the largest exporter of LNG in the world. Our natural gas reserves can meet all our domestic natural gas needs and still have an excess capacity of 3 trillion cubic feet. 
Before we discuss H.R. 351 it is important we clarify the LNG permitting process, just so there is no confusion. A project applicant must submit two separate applications: the first to the Department of Energy and the second to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC. 
are two complete separate processes. First, the project must submit an application to export. If the project sends LNG to a country with which the U.S. has a free trade agreement, the application is automatically approved. 
country without a free trade agreement, then the DOE must issue a permit based on the public interest. These are very important determinations. However, LNG will not leave the United States with DOE approval only. 
in either case, the applicant must receive a FERC permit. FERC reviews the environmental impacts of the actual LNG facility. FERC conducts and reviews all environmental impacts to satisfy the requirements of NEPA. No company will export a single cubic foot of LNG without FERC approval. FERC’s process takes 12 to 18 months and costs approximately $100 million. 
protect the environment. It is the DOE nonFTA process that is the problem. The DOE currently has approximately 30 nonFTA permits awaiting decision. The DOE has held most of these permits almost 4 years. Even the DOE recognized this huge problem and tried to address the backlog last summer by changing the approval process. Unfortunately, the changes failed to expedite approval or provide any certainty to companies who are investing $100 million, and these are U.S. companies. 
timeline for the DOE to issue a decision after the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission completes its environmental reviews. 
environmental review process. We have protected the public interest. And DOE, which held some of these applications 4 years—we cannot allow DOE to sit on these permits any longer. They must do their job and do it in a timely fashion. Opponents of H.R. 351 say if all permits are approved, we will export more than 35 trillion cubic feet. Opponents say exports will double or triple domestic natural gas prices. Opponents say exports of that size will endanger our domestic industry, raise electricity prices, and have ruinous effects on our economy. 
Mr. Speaker, I represent enormous petrochemical facilities, power generators, and workers. 
prices caused companies in my district to move jobs overseas. 
even remotely possible, I would be the first one to oppose this bill. 
My constituents work at those facilities. Those facilities pay taxes and fund the hospitals and schools in my district. 
No more than a handful of projects will be 
Each LNG facility costs billions, not to mention the jobs associated with pipeline construction, electric transmission, local services, etc. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. TURNER ), who has been a real 
Mr. TURNER. Mr. Speaker, U.S. natural gas exports will create American jobs and will bolster our strategic partnerships. 
I serve as president of the NATO Parliamentary Assembly, and many foreign leaders and officials have expressed to me their need for energy diversification. As you know, Russia, the largest supplier of natural gas to Europe, has repeatedly used natural gas pricing to draw governments closer to its orbit and punished Westleaning governments with higher prices. 
more dynamic and competitive world energy market, helping to curb the use of energy as a political weapon. And regardless of where natural gas from the United States is shipped, increasing supply in the global market will help international customers with greater choice and leverage to negotiate prices. 
has made this exact same argument. The State Department’s energy envoy recently stated: 
The fact that we have approved exports of natural gas has already had an impact on Europe. And where the molecule actually ends up going also doesn’t matter. 
questions about whether or not European countries, such as Ukraine, are prepared to receive U.S. natural gas. 
Many of our European allies are implementing infrastructure projects to diversify their natural gas resources. 
are opening LNG import terminals to reduce their dependence on Russian gas. Just last week, Poland and Ukraine announced an agreement to construct a pipeline that will allow Ukraine to access natural gas from two LNG import terminals, potentially from the United States. England and Spain already have contracts in place to receive U.S. natural gas. 
these infrastructure projects will help Europe diversify its natural gas resources. 
Obama, in a joint statement with European leaders, welcomed U.S. natural gas exports to help our European allies and our strategic partners. 
statements. These words must be followed by action. The President must work with Congress to enact H.R. 351. 
that there is a delay in the DOE’s approval of LNG export applications. 
Rules Committee, Mr. JOHNSON indicated that the DOE has approved only five out of 38 applications since 2010. Even if the gentleman from Ohio is correct in his assertion, the fact is that the five applications approved by the Obama administration since 2010 are five more than were approved by the Reagan administration or by either Bush administration. In fact, it is five more than were approved by the Clinton, Carter, Ford, or Nixon administration. In 2011, the DOE approved the first LNG export application for the Cheniere Sabine Pass facility. That facility is set to become operational at the end of this year. That was the DOE’s first approval to export LNG since the 1960s. 
production and supply in the United States was considered impossible a decade ago, so the DOE commissioned a study to help it decide how to address additional applications. After establishing a transparent and systematic system for reviewing and authorizing LNG export applications, the DOE began to rapidly issue decisions. The record demonstrates that the DOE has moved aggressively to authorize LNG exports, granting three additional final authorizations and four conditional approvals since August of 2013. 
export of enough LNG to make the United States the world leader in LNG exports. All other pending applications are still under review at FERC, not at the DOE, so it is important to understand that this bill does not change the 
FERC review process—the site approvals, the environmental approvals. I would also remind my colleagues that the DOE automatically deems LNG exports to free trade agreement countries to be in the public interest. 
on the pending applications, both FERC approval and construction will need to be completed. That could take months or, more likely, years, but this bill will not affect that timeline, which will be the critical factor in how much more gas can be exported. That is why I want to emphasize that this bill is unnecessary and will not materially change the LNG export situation anytime soon. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ), the chairman of 
that you can’t have too much of a good thing, but with our impressive natural gas production, that is exactly what we have today. We now have so much natural gas that we cannot only meet our own energy needs and still have extra to sell, but our natural gas boom can be used as a force for good here at home as a source for jobs and across the globe as a source of stable energy. 
shale revolution helped break the fever of the Great Recession. Thanks to innovation and technological advancement, energy production remained a welcome bright spot in our national economy, but we aren’t out of the woods yet. We all know that. Millions of folks, certainly in Michigan and across the country, still find themselves unemployed, underemployed, or facing stagnant paychecks. This bill, this legislation, will help accelerate their return to full employment. 
Energy, NERA Economic Consulting evaluated the economic impacts of U.S. LNG exports. The NERA study showed a net positive impact to the United States economy and estimated that LNG exports would actually reduce the average number of unemployed workers by as much as 45,000 people by 2018. We will also see tens of thousands of additional jobs created in the supply chain. I am talking about goodpaying jobs that will help families achieve a better life. 
policy goals. U.S. LNG exports can provide our allies with a secure and affordable supply of energy and can reduce the influence of hostile exporting nations like Russia, which continues to threaten Ukraine and, really, all of Europe’s natural gas supply. Passing this bill will send the welcome signal to our allies in Eastern Europe that, yes, an alternative source of energy is on its way. 
The domestic and geopolitical benefits make increasing U.S. LNG exports a winwin, but the Department of Energy continues to hold up the process. Since 2010, the DOE has only issued a 
final decision on five applications to export LNG to countries with which we don’t share a free trade agreement. This bill would help jumpstart approvals so that we can start creating jobs and sending our surplus gas to those countries that need it the most. It would give the DOE 30 days to issue a decision following the completion of the environmental review. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
energy superpower, and with that power, we have a chance to do some real good. Saying ‘‘yes’’ to energy is good for workers here at home and is good for global allies. 
for his leadership on this issue, and I would hope that everybody would support this bipartisan piece of legislation. 
for LNG exports, the Department of Energy has a tool to protect American consumers, and that tool is the public interest determination. The DOE has the ability to weigh the benefits and costs of additional LNG exports, including the impact of increased domestic natural gas prices on consumers, who use gas to heat and cool their homes and to turn on the lights. Rigid deadlines, as suggested in this legislation, could prevent the DOE from conducting a meaningful public interest review, and that means that the DOE might not be able to ensure that high levels of LNG exports do not harm American consumers by raising the costs of electricity or home heating or cooling. 
reason to be concerned. Experts at the nonpartisan U.S. Energy Information Administration examined this issue, and here is what they found: 
In the scenarios with additional gas exports, consumers will consume less and pay more on both their natural gas and electricity bills. 
that high levels of LNG exports could mean increased residential, commercial, and industrial consumer energy costs of $7 billion to $14 billion per year between 2020 and 2040. 
Make no mistake. American consumers will foot that bill. Recent experience with gasoline and propane exports also offers cautionary tales. The Midwest and Northeast experienced sharp propane price spikes and shortages last winter. Significant increases in propane exports were a key factor in the skyrocketing prices that hurt consumers. 
Just yesterday, the Center for American Progress released an analysis on the potential impact of expanded LNG exports on consumers. They found that, in 2020, residential consumers would pay 4.3 percent more for natural 
gas per year, and those in the Midwest—in States like Arkansas, Louisiana, and Texas—would be the hardest hit by price increases. By 2040, consumers in the midAtlantic States would pay 10 percent more for natural gas per year. 
We need to make sure that LNG exports do not hurt consumers. Right now, the DOE has the ability to do that. So, before we disregard any meaningful public interest review and allow the unrestricted exporting of LNG, let’s be sure that our constituents won’t be left footing the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
yield 2 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Texas (Mr. BABIN). 
of H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act. 
tens of thousands of Americans they employ stand ready to meet the demand for a reliable and secure source of natural gas from America and the world. 
have passed their tests, and are ready to get to work, but there is one big problem—the Obama administration is standing in the way. The President and his antiAmerican energy agenda have placed a de facto ban on LNG exports by logjamming their requests and using bureaucratic red tape to block America’s progress. 
gridlock and expedites the approval of LNG exports. I have seen firsthand the jobs and the opportunities that an LNG facility has created for the people of east Texas, in my district. Let’s help the American worker by approving H.R. 351. 
may I ask the time that remains on both sides. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey has 11 minutes remaining, and the gentleman from Kentucky has 13 minutes remaining. 
minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. TONKO ), who is the ranking 
we are beginning the 114th Congress the way we ended the previous one— with legislation that is more about message than about solving real problems. 
are interested in elevating the interests of the oil and gas industry above any others. Consumers will not benefit from this policy, and manufacturers will not benefit from this policy. Eliminating the public interest determination sends that message clearly. 
In spite of the assertions by its supporters, H.R. 351 won’t do much for our allies either, especially those in Europe or Ukraine. The bill fixes no problem. There is no backlog of applications at the Department of Energy. Japan, our ally and the world’s largest purchaser of LNG, has three importers who signed contracts in 2013 with three approved LNG export facilities, those being Freeport, Cameron, and Cove Point. 
Because natural gas is such an important and strategic resource, we should, if anything, be questioning the administration about the wisdom of issuing so many approvals. Why? They are relying on assumptions, models, and estimates of recoverable domestic gas reserves that are very uncertain and that have been decreasing as new information becomes available. 
guarantee deliveries for some 10 to 20 years. I am not willing to risk price spikes for consumers, families, and small businesses or to risk the benefits of lower gas prices for our manufacturing sector for a slightly improved trade balance. I am unwilling to repeal the requirement for a consideration of the public interest before more export facilities are approved, not for a resource that is so strategic and widely used. 
H.R. 351 does not fix any real problems, but it could, indeed, help to create some. Therefore, Mr. Speaker, I urge the defeat of this bill. 
yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the distinguished majority leader. 
Mr. M CCARTHY. I thank the gentleman for yielding. 
talk about infrastructure. In his State of the Union Address, he said that there is bipartisan support for infrastructure legislation and that Republicans and Democrats need to ‘‘set our sights higher than a single oil pipeline.’’ 
After passing a bill to approve Keystone, this House passed another bill last week to reform the natural gas permitting process. Now the House is on its third energy infrastructure bill with Representative BILL JOHNSON ’s 
LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act. I know the President doesn’t pay much attention to what goes on here on Capitol Hill, but three infrastructure bills in 3 weeks is hard to miss. 
Speaker, that I think the President really should remember: though the Department of Energy has received 37 permits in the past 5 years, it has only approved five permits in that time. That is one a year. If the President cared about infrastructure as much as he says, I think he would get his administration to process the rest of them now. Passing this bill would also lead to 
the creation of an estimated 45,000 jobs. More permit approvals mean more opportunity. More opportunity requires more infrastructure. More infrastructure means more jobs. Delay has become a hallmark of this Presidency, but Americans are done delaying job creation by ignoring America’s energy abundance. 
jobs. It supports a strong economy. It also gives our friends—like Ukraine, our allies—an alternative source of energy, diluting the power countries like Russia and Iran who use their oil to coerce and even oppress. 
know that here in the House we have set our sights very high; but, Mr. Speaker, the question is: Will the President set his sights higher than his veto pen? 
wanted to return to the floor because the thought occurs to me, as it should to all of the American people, that we should consider the impact of this bill, the impact of LNG exports, and the impact that it would have on U.S. manufacturing. 
let us protect, by all means, American jobs. Let us protect American manufacturing. Cheap domestic natural gas prices are providing a big boost and competitive advantage to U.S. manufacturing. We can all agree on that on both sides of the aisle. 
Mr. Speaker, the disagreement occurs when the other side, the Republicans, are asking us in this Congress to make a hasty decision that could undermine the advantage that we are now experiencing in the rapid increase in manufacturing. 
our competitive advantage that we have now in the manufacturing sector. It requires DOE to rush its process and make final decisions on pending applications to export a huge quantity of LNG. 
granted, DOE will authorize the export of approximately 38 million cubic feet per day of LNG. That is more than half of the total U.S. natural gas consumption. It is more than the world’s largest LNG exporter, Qatar, currently makes each and every day. 
my mind or in the minds of the American people that exports of that magnitude will increase the domestic price of natural gas. It just makes common sense, and it is what the EIA found when it studied the economic impact of increased LNG imports. 
Where is your study? How do you answer the conclusions of the EIA when it found again that the economic impact of increased influence will increase the domestic price of natural 
gas? What amount of American manufacturing? What amount of American jobs? Let’s protect American manufacturing. Let’s protect American jobs. 
public interest review, the Department may not even be able to fully analyze the impacts of the very high level of LNG exports on American consumers, on American jobs, and on American manufacturing. 
they are indeed my friends—always want to talk about American manufacturing, how we have to support American manufacturing, how we have to raise the level of American manufacturing, how we have to increase the American manufacturing sector, how we have to increase the American manufacturing jobs. This very bill could undermine all that sense of goodwill and all those pronouncements from the other side. 
and what about American manufacturing jobs? Don’t abandon American manufacturing. Don’t abandon American manufacturing jobs. Don’t abandon the American people. Let’s slow this process down. 
Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Speaker, in closing, as the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I am committed to developing sound energy policy, and that policy surely includes consideration of the role that natural gas can play in our energy mix. 
year. The latest development is low oil prices, but we have other developments in recent years, including rapidly increasing domestic production of oil and natural gas and a welcomed increase in wind and solar electricity production. 
our energy infrastructure is becoming outdated. We need to look at the ways we produce and use energy, but we also need to look at the ways that we move, transmit, and store energy. 
space, but we also need to maintain reliability and lower energy bills. We need to look at all our energy issues through the lens of climate change and public health. 
Mr. Speaker, I think there are legitimate questions about whether we want to send our natural gas to other countries. That might help our trade balance, but it would have negative impacts on our domestic manufacturing sector. 
I don’t claim that I have all the answers. I know that we looked at some of these issues last Congress, but I don’t agree that a clear consensus emerged. In any event, this is a new 
back to the Energy and Commerce Committee and let the committee and its 12 new members do its job. Let us look at the facts again as they are today, not last year or last Congress. I think if we were to do that, we would see that even if this legislation was once necessary, it isn’t anymore. 
any backlog that once existed isn’t an issue at this point. DOE and the administration have opened the way for LNG exports, but I think it continues to be necessary for us to assess whether approving an application for additional export is in the public interest because becoming the world’s largest exporter of natural gas is not something we should do lightly, unadvisedly, or without the latest facts. 
our time bringing bills from last Congress to the floor and rushing them through to the Senate, which is still considering the Keystone legislation we passed the first week of this year. 
ourselves and the American people better by sitting down together in the Energy and Commerce Committee and working carefully on an energy policy aimed at the future rather than at an energy policy aimed at the past. 
I am going to vote ‘‘no’’ on this legislation, and I encourage my colleagues to oppose it as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I 
The former speaker, the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, talked a lot about the impact on the manufacturing base in America this legislation might have. I would like to point out that the National Association of Manufacturers, which is the largest manufacturing association in the United States, representing manufacturers in every industrial sector in all 50 States, in a letter dated yesterday, urges Members to support H.R. 351. 
They go on to say that it is important to ensure that ‘‘market forces, rather than bureaucratic inertia, govern international trade.’’ That is really what this legislation is all about; it is about market forces. 
around the world are coming to us and asking for this product. We are fortunate in America that we have an abundance of natural gas. In fact, the Energy Information Agency reported today that it is so abundant that natural gas prices have dropped to their lowest level since September 2012. 
concern about increased natural gas prices. We understand that prices go up and prices go down, but right now, they are at their lowest level since September 2012, and when natural gas prices go down too low, you see less 
decide to introduce this legislation. Concerned groups involved in this business came to Congress and said: We need some help. 
this a year and 2 years ago, the Department of Energy started trying to speed up the process a little bit, but we are not dictating what their decision should be on allowing the export to nonfree trade agreement countries. We are just saying: You need to make the decision sooner, and we want some transparency. That is all this legislation is about. 
you talk in today’s world about exporting a fossil fuel, one of the undercurrents is climate change, and I would remind everyone that CO2emissions in 
America are the lowest that they have been in 20 years. 
backseat to any country in the world, and so we want the market to play its role. This is a good, commonsense piece of legislation that will create jobs in America, will encourage the expansion of more natural gas production at a time when the world needs it and we need it. 
House to vote in favor of H.R. 351, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
speak in opposition to H.R. 351, the ‘‘LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act.’’ 
Mr. Speaker, I am not antienergy exploration. I am not antitrade. I am, however strongly ‘‘projobs,’’ ‘‘proeconomic growth,’’ and ‘‘prosustainable environment.’’ 
have always been mindful of the importance of, and have strongly advocated for, national energy policies that will make our nation energy independent, preserve and create jobs, and keep our nation’s economy strong. 
legislative proposal brought to the floor on its individual merits and support them when they are sound, balanced, fair, and promote the national interest. 
across the aisle to improve them if possible by offering constructive amendments. 
by increased exports of natural gas, the legislation before contains several provisions that are of great concern to me. 
bill, an application for authorization to export LNG is ‘‘deemed’’ approved if the Department of Energy (DOE) or other federal agencies do not approve or deny the application within 30 days of the conclusion of the site review. 
on the Judiciary, I have a problem with ‘‘deeming’’ something done that has not been done in fact. 
Thus, the provision is unwise. Second, this provision is a remedy in search 
of a problem. There is no lengthy or intolerable backlog of neglected natural gas export 
has to date authorized the export of over 10 billion cubic feet per day of LNG to nonFree Trade Agreement countries. 
level of LNG exports that would transform the United States into one of the world’s largest exporters. 
it would require DOE and other agencies to make decisions based on incomplete information or information that may not be available within the stringent deadlines, and to deny applications that otherwise would have been approved, but for lack of sufficient review time. 
Supporters of this bill argue that it is vital, in 
the face of Russian aggression and restrictions, to provide our allies in Europe with additional exports of LNG. 
approved terminals are not expected to begin until late 2015, this legislation will have no impact on current exports. 
And, limiting the time for review would prevent DOE from properly analyzing the domestic impact that of exporting large amounts of LNG. 
estimates that increased exports could result in an increase of as much as 8 percent in domestic LNG prices. 
Given the inherent delicacy involved in assessing the impact of trade authorizations, both domestically and abroad, this state of affairs is likely to lead to DOE erring on the side of caution and denying applications that may otherwise have been approved if it had more time and more resources to carry out its responsibilities. 
oppose the bill before us and urge my colleagues to join me. 
and read a third time, and was read the third time. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. I am opposed. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
bill, H.R. 351, to the Committee on Energy and Commerce with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with the following amendment: 
At the end of the bill, insert the following 
In reviewing an application for authorization to export natural gas under section 3 of the Natural Gas Act (15 U.S.C. 717b), the Department of Energy— 
that is a state sponsor of terrorism or otherwise threatens America’s national security, or to any nation or corporation that steals America’s military technology or intellectual property through cyberattacks; and 
Mr. WHITFIELD (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I reserve a point of order against the motion to recommit. 
The Clerk will continue to read. The Clerk continued to read. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes in support of his motion. 
final amendment to the bill will not kill the bill. Frankly, it will substantially improve it. It won’t send it back to committee. If adopted, the bill will come to the floor for a vote later this morning. 
here about jobs in the Rules Committee, and I thank the chair, Mr. WHITFIELD , for his interest in this particular proposal and for the Rules Committee listening to the debate very carefully about how we can significantly advance America’s national interest. 
has allowed us to substantially reduce our energy costs in the United States; replace, repower many of our power plants; bring down the cost; and, frankly, lead to an increased manufacturing sector. 
Shipbuilding is also a strategic national asset. Our Navy depends upon it. However, 107,000 Americans work in the shipbuilding industry in our ports and ship yards. It is a strategic asset, as are the mariners. American mariners are also a strategic asset. 
amendment is to bring together these three strategic assets of America and advance the American economy and our national security at the same time. 
This amendment would simply require that if we are going to export liquefied natural gas, a strategic asset, then we should do it in a way that advances our national security and our economy by requiring that those ships be manned and ‘‘womanned’’ by American mariners, the captains, the engineers, the sailors, that they be American. 
a very volatile issue, and, under current law, when it is imported, it has to have American mariners on board. 
be Americanbuilt, we will be able to employ several hundred thousand new men and women in our shipyards. If it is about jobs—and we all claim this bill is about jobs—then let’s take it another step. Let’s take it another step, 
so that we really rebuild the American shipping industry, that we put American mariners to work, that we revitalize our shipyards, so that our U.S. Navy will be able to have a robust competition for their ships. 
States that build ships. None of them, yet, build these tankers. They could if we pass this amendment. 
it in America. This is a strategy that is employed by India, which has a tender out to buy gas from the United States. That tender requires that three of the ships used to transport that be built in India. 
the United States. They want American natural gas; build the ships in America. 
Cheniere needs 100 ships when they begin to ship natural gas, LNG, from their new terminal in Texas—100 ships. Are those American ships? 
Those ships will be Chinese ships in Chinese shipyards built by Chinese. 
about. We can all agree that we want American jobs. Is there one among the 435 of us who wants the jobs to be in China or Korea or Japan? I don’t think so. 
Americanmade amendment. This is an amendment for American workers, American shipyards. 
This is not going to kill the bill. This 
is going to make this bill into a real ‘‘Make It In America,’’ a real American jobs bill with hundreds of thousands of jobs spread throughout this Nation. 
this into a real, robust American jobs bill. Adopt this amendment. Put aside the normal game we play with MTRs, which is just kind of a Kabuki dance here. 
for the American shipyards all across this Nation. That is what this is about. 
that has come about because of our great natural gas industry here. Take advantage of it. Think about the national security. Think about our shipyards, the U.S. Navy, the mariners. Make it in America. Adopt this amendment. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The reservation of the point of order is withdrawn. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Kentucky is recognized for 5 minutes in opposition to the motion. Mr. WHITFIELD. Mr. Speaker, first 
of all, I want to thank the gentleman from California for offering this motion to recommit. It has two basic parts to it. The first part relates to denying applications of natural gas that would be exported to any nation that is a statesponsored terrorist. 
the existing law and under H.R. 351, the Department of Energy is not going to approve the export of natural gas that is going to be in the public interest to any terrorist state. 
important question—and as I said in the Rules Committee and say on the floor, I am delighted that Mr. GARAMENDI has raised this issue about 
the Jones Act, and the Jones Act, as we all know, requires U.S.flagged ships between ports here in the United States, but it does not expand to export and the use in other countries, and that raises a much broader issue than this very narrowfocused bill. 
to take place at some point in time, but, at this time, I am going to respectfully request the Members to reject the motion to recommit. 
talking to Mr. GARAMENDI in more detail about a broader debate on what impact expanding the Jones Act would have on our international trade. 
objection, the previous question is ordered on the motion to recommit. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XX, the Speaker will reduce to 5 minutes the minimum time for any electronic vote on the question of passage of the bill. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 175, nays 237, not voting 21, as follows: 
Aguilar Ashford Bass Beatty Becerra Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capps Ca´rdenas Carney 
Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Conyers Cooper Costa Courtney Cuellar Cummings 
Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle (PA) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr 
Gallego Garamendi Graham Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Hahn Hastings Heck (WA) Higgins Himes Hinojosa Honda Hoyer Huffman Israel Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind Kirkpatrick Kuster Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Lipinski Loebsack 
Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McDermott McGovern McNerney Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger 
Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Duffy Duncan (SC) 
Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foxx Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Holding Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) 
King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lummis MacArthur Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo 
Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Russell Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford Scalise 
Schock Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner 
Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Heck (NV) Jones Lee Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Neal 
Messrs. SENSENBRENNER, MARCHANT, BUCK, CRENSHAW, PALMER, JORDAN, HANNA, and NUNES changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
Messrs. POLIS, TAKAI, JOHNSON of Georgia, and TONKO changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 277, nays 133, not voting 23, as follows: 
Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Benishek Bera Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Boustany Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan 
Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Clawson (FL) Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer 
Crawford Crenshaw Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Rodney Delaney DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Dold Doyle (PA) Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Ellmers Emmer Farenthold Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming 
Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Heck (WA) Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice (GA) Hill Himes Hinojosa Holding Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Katko Kelly (PA) Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Larsen (WA) Latta Lipinski 
Lummis MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McSally Meadows Meehan Messer Mica Miller (FL) Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Norcross Nugent Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Pitts Poe (TX) Poliquin Pompeo Posey Price (GA) Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney (FL) 
RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sanford 
Scalise Schock Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Veasey Vela Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Bass Beatty Becerra Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle (PA) Brown (FL) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capps Carney Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Chu (CA) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Conyers Courtney Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny 
DeGette DeLauro Deutch Dingell Doggett Edwards Ellison Eshoo Esty Farr Fattah Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gibson Grayson Grijalva Hahn Hastings Higgins Honda Huffman Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) 
Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Kildee Kind Kuster Langevin Larson (CT) Lawrence Levin Lewis Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lynch Maloney, 
Nadler Napolitano Nolan O’Rourke Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Rangel Rice (NY) RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush 
Sanchez, Loretta Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Speier Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) 
Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Tsongas Van Hollen Vargas Vela´zquez 
Brady (PA) Capuano Clay Crowley DeFazio DeSaulnier Duckworth Engel 
Heck (NV) Jones Lee Lieu (CA) Marino Meeks Neal 
Ms. SLAUGHTER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained and missed Roll Call vote numbers 49 and 50. Had I been present, I would have voted aye on Roll Call vote number 49, and no on Roll Call vote number 50. 
2015 I was unable to be present and missed the following votes: 
On Roll Call vote 49, on Agreeing to the 
Motion to Recommit With Instructions to H.R. 351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act, I would have voted AYE. 
On Roll Call vote 50, on Passage of H.R. 
351, the LNG Permitting Certainty and Transparency Act, I would have voted NO. 
ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY, JANUARY 30, 2015; AND ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JANUARY 30, 2015, TO MONDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 2015 
Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 2 p.m. on Friday, January 30, 2015; and further, when the House adjourns on that day, it adjourn to meet on Monday, February 2, 2015, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. 
objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Alabama? 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
a year after its launch, healthcare.gov remains just as flawed as the underlying ObamaCare law itself. 
Obama administration was sharing users’ personal data with numerous 
third party vendors. When the administration was caught with their hand in the cookie jar, they quickly scaled back, but many unanswered questions remain. 
That is why I have led a letter with 
answers regarding healthcare.gov data security and privacy policies. While we wait for their reply, we have also reintroduced the Federal Exchange Data Breach Notification Act, legislation simply requiring that the government notify consumers if their personal information is breached on the health care exchanges. 
It defies all logic that this basic requirement isn’t already law. It is time that we change that. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
State of the Union Address, the President outlined some areas where common ground can be found to work with Congress. One important area is trade. 
should move forward on trade agreements to create jobs for our workers as we expand exports to help our manufacturers, our ranchers, and our farmers. With the TransPacific Partnership agreement, we will allow American companies to sell our goods and services in the emerging markets of Asia and create jobs here at home. A new trade agreement with Europe to help streamline and modernize standards and regulations will level the playing field for American companies. 
consumers live outside of the United States, and these trade agreements will give us the opportunity to build on the success that we already enjoy. In Minnesota, 750,000 jobs are directly connected to international trade. It is time for the President and the Congress to move forward on a robust trade agenda to help create a healthier economy. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the life of Jim Nystrom of Titusville, Pennsylvania, who passed away last weekend. 
a family, and building a successful practice as a CPA, Jim still answered the call of his community each and every time it was raised. Over the years, he served as president of the school board, as a city council member, as mayor of the city of Titusville, and 
on almost every board and organization that needed volunteer help to fulfill their mission. When local businesses found themselves in trouble, Jim was always there, lending his advice and expertise that saved countless jobs in the process, never with the expectation of credit or recognition. 
of Jim Nystrom and in sending the sympathy of this institution to Jim’s family and to the many friends who survive him. 
for your drive, your generosity, and for a life well lived. 
THANKING SAN DIEGO FIRE DEPARTMENT AND CHIEF BRIAN FENNESSY 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
rise to highlight San Diegan Brian Fennessy, assistant fire chief of the San Diego FireRescue Department, who is here in D.C. sharing his expertise fighting wildfires so that communities across the country can be better prepared. 
This morning, Chief Fennessy testified before the House Transportation Committee’s Economic Development Subcommittee on ways to speed up disaster recovery and save taxpayer dollars by lessening the harm of disasters. 
lessons from the numerous firestorms of the last decade, including the importance of increasing preparedness and emergency planning, and the need for coordination among various levels of government. 
prevalent, sharing information from local experiences on what does work and doesn’t work will only become more important. 
sharing your experience, and I thank all of the brave men and women of the San Diego Fire Department. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
us who have been blessed with children in the back of our minds always fear for their health and their safety. Maine is one of the safest States in America. Even so, our families have not been immune to the horror of child kidnapping, rape, and sex trafficking. 
Two years ago, Maine State legislator Amy Volk had the courage to lead a very painful public discussion about the risk of human trafficking in Maine. Her persistence resulted in the awareness of this horrific violence waged against our children living in 
shoulder to shoulder with my Republican and Democrat colleagues in the House to unanimously pass the first of a dozen bills to fight the scourge of human trafficking in America. 
owe it to our families to help our States and our local communities with stronger law enforcement and tougher criminal penalties for those who prey upon our children. 
now do the same and to help rid this land of the unthinkable horrors of human trafficking. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, yesterday U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service brought up a possible concern on salmon habitat on a water storage project in California. This would be above Shasta Dam. There is a proposal to possibly raise the dam. 
concern more is about a fictional problem with salmon habitat that really doesn’t exist above a possible raise of the dam, and not much more attention focused on what the effects would be on the people that live around the lake and the need they would have for infrastructure, their resorts, marinas, the things that they do there. 
Fish & Wildlife is creating a fictional problem on an environmental side and not looking at the human impact of what a possible raise—it may be a good thing; it may be not a good thing—the raise of Shasta Dam could be. I implore them to take a look at what the needs are of the people around that lake. 
the Speaker’s announced policy of January 6, 2015, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Already a grave and growing existential threat to Israel, a nuclear armed Iran would be a colossal, horrific game changer. It would launch a nuclear arms race in what is already the world’s most dangerous neighborhood. We all know that this must not be allowed to happen. 
The Islamic Republic of Iran’s nuclear ambitions are made more dire when considering that they are the world’s most dangerous state supporter 
of Islamic extremist terrorism, with a destabilizing presence in Lebanon, in Syria, and in Iraq. And Iran’s financial and military support for the Houthi rebels in Yemen has led to the collapse of the Hadi government. 
Thus, Iran today exerts major influence, not just in rebel territories, but in four Middle East capitals—Beirut, Baghdad, Damascus and Sana’a. 
launch yet another civil war in the region, and this severely handcuffs U.S. counterterrorism operations against AQAP. Islamists in Iran and elsewhere repeatedly threaten to slaughter all standing in their way—with their ultimate targets being Israel and the United States—us, their great Satan. They must never be allowed nuclear weapons capabilities. Does anyone really doubt whether they would use these capabilities someday? Well, there must be some reason why Iran is developing ICBMs. 
Last week, Iran’s Channel 2 broadcast satellite imagery showing recently constructed missilerelated sites. Those sites included a launch pad capable of firing an ICBM, and on that launch pad was a neverseenbefore missile measuring 27 meters in length. While we negotiate, the Iran story gets worse. 
and softening sanctions on Iran, while they fail to meet their end of the bargain. 
It is bizarre to me that we are debating with the Iranians the numbers of their centrifuges but leaving off the table their support for terrorism, their ICBMs, and their continued human rights violations. 
Is it the right thing to do to sit 
across the table, remain silent about the costs we and our allies have paid and are paying because of their financial and military support of our enemies? Does this make sense? Shouldn’t we insist on adding to the agenda Iran’s destabilizing actions in the region and also their ICBM program that puts us all at risk? 
Merely delaying some of the potential horror for a decade or so is not a good option in my view. A bad deal where we declare victory by kicking this can down the road is far worse than no deal at all. 
talks if Congress increases sanctions against their regime. I say we must never yield to threats from Iran or any other nation. 
We must stand strong, continue sanctions, and even strengthen them until Iran gets the message. I believe that strengthening sanctions will get us a better deal. Leverage produces a better deal. 
support for Israel. We must listen carefully to the concerns of Prime Minister Netanyahu on this subject. I hope we unite with our Arab partners and do all 
that is possible to prevent Iran from going nuclear. 
this crucial mission. I think this is our destiny. 
a great deal going on, and I think the first thing that needs to be addressed is the 70th anniversary of something that should never have happened in civilized society. This is the 70th anniversary of the liberation of Auschwitz death camp. 
Texas, later attending Texas A&M, and especially in my time, my 4 years in the United States Army, as we discussed and looked at World War II, things that had occurred then—I was a history major and was with the Army for 4 years and majored in history. 
could people who said they were civilized kill 6 million of any race, gender, national origin? How could that happen? 
Eisenhower required people from the surrounding villages to be brought in to help clean up concentration camps, death camps—as I understood the reason—was so no one could ever deny that the death camps occurred. 
How could anybody deny the Holocaust? There aren’t all that many survivors, but there are enough, and the evidence is there, and it clearly happened. But just as Hitler showed, if any lie is told often enough, people begin to believe it, especially if it is even printed. 
yesterday from a man named Martin Greenfield from foxnews.com, and these are Martin Greenfield’s words. Mr. Greenfield said: 
Seventy years ago, I was in a Nazi concentration camp. Since then, I have seen tyrants and dictators enter and exit the global stage; yet as the world prepares to mark the 70th anniversary of the Auschwitz liberation, it is perhaps well and right that we reflect on how the Holocaust shocked the moral imagination on a scale the world could scarcely fathom. 
too many, the Holocaust remains a mystery. A major poll taken last year of 53,000 people found that just 54 percent had ever heard of the Holocaust. Knowledge of Auschwitz is likely even more limited, particularly among young people. Past surveys have shown that nearly half of Britons had never heard of Auschwitz. Some schoolchildren even thought Auschwitz was a type of beer. 
last year when a teenager posted a smiling selfie at Auschwitz. Whatever your opinion on the appropriateness of her actions, I was at least pleased to be reminded that some young Americans still visit the Nazi concentration camp to learn history up close. 
1944, my family and I stood in line before Dr. Josef Mengele—the Nazi physician known as the ‘‘Angel of Death’’—as my mother, grandparents, two sisters, and baby brother were 
all sent to the left to be burned in Hitler’s 
ovens. My father and I were sent to the right. 
said we must separate because, together, we would suffer double. 
you will survive,’’ his father told him. ‘‘You are young and strong, and I know you will survive. If you survive by yourself, you must honor us by living, by not feeling sorry for us. This is what you must do.’’ 
That was the last time I ever saw my father. I am grateful for my father’s words of grace and guidance. They echo in my heart even still. It is a cruel thing, feeling guilty for surviving, but my father erased any future guilt and replaced it with purpose. It was a gift only a father’s wisdom could give. It gave me a reason to go forward, a reason to be. It does still. 
replacing the horrors of my Holocaust past with a life spent creating beauty in the form of handtailored suits for U.S. Presidents, Hollywood films, and the world’s most influential men. 
in the Auschwitz concentration camp laundry when I accidentally ripped the collar of a Nazi soldier’s shirt. A guard beat me before a kind, older inmate taught me how to sew a simple stitch to repair the torn shirt. It was hardly the ideal tailoring apprenticeship, but it was my first lesson in the skill that became my livelihood. 
But at 86, another part of honoring my father’s wishes requires being a voice for the voiceless. Indeed, as parents, educators, and citizens, we must all do our part to help ensure that ‘‘Never Forget’’ remains much more than a threadbare catchphrase that gathers dust and loses meaning with each passing year. 
learn that Auschwitz was actually a complex comprised of three main camps and dozens of satellites. The United States Holocaust Memorial Museum’s statistics estimate that between 1940 and 1945, at least 1.1 million Jews and 200,000 of Hitler’s undesirables were sent to the Auschwitz complex. Of those, 1.1 million were murdered. 
would have been far greater were it not for the courage of the American soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines who traveled around the world to defeat a moral darkness that consumed at least 6 million Jewish souls. 
The 70th anniversary of the liberation marks that moment when freedom conquered barbarism through sureness of virtue and strength of will. Sadly, as recent events reveal, that remains a lesson humanity must learn and relearn from generation to generation. 
fire. May the memory of the millions who were engulfed in the flames like my family never be forgotten. 
News. Aleksandra Sagan includes this regarding Mordechai Ronen, 82, born with the family name Markovits. He would be making a second visit to Auschwitz for the commemoration ceremonies. 
first time as a prisoner after soldiers forced all the Jews in his Hungarian town into a ghetto and, 2 weeks later, shipped them in cattle cars to the camp. Dr. Josef Mengele, the Nazis’ Angel of 
Death, sent Ronen’s mother and two sisters to the gas chambers on arrival. Young Ronen made a lifesaving decision when he held on to his father’s hand and joined the line of men. 
where he witnessed soldiers using an infant for target practice and slept on piles of corpses to avoid selection for the gas chamber. 
He and his father were moved to a nearby 
labor camp where the brutality continued. One day, his father told Ronen he could no longer get up to work for the cement brigade. Ronen last saw his father as soldiers took him away. It is the only day he remembers crying and the day he decided to survive. 
Gunskirchen, and remembers walking to a nearby town, knocking on a resident’s door and asking if he could take a shower. 
‘‘victorer’’ rather than a survivor, first returned to Auschwitz in 1999, when he guided thenPrime Minister Jean Chretien around the grounds. 
It is important to Ronen to show the world 
he is alive and to share the history of the Holocaust. 
went through, and it will be the end, and we are going to have peace and quiet in the world,’’ he explains. 
horrors. Tragically, Christians now are being killed, persecuted, and tortured in greater numbers than ever in the history of the world. 
is growing like I couldn’t have imagined. In college, when I studied in history, I couldn’t have imagined the kind of antiJewish hatred, the kind of anti Semitism that would be growing as it has, and the United States of America would be doing precious little about it instead of standing up for the Jewish people and calling out antiSemitism where it exists and where it grows and proliferates, as it does in the United Nations, for example, as it has in Europe, as it has in England, as it has right here in America. 
world history when the United States is said to be the true superpower of the world—even as that power has been seen as diminishing by people around the world, as polling indicates around the world, but still to be seen as the great superpower—as antiJewish hatred grows and we do precious little about it, and even at times stoke those flames, even in our universities, who are so proud of accepting massive amounts of money from people who are part of organizations that hate Jews and fund such courses or seminars on things like Islamophobia, not a liberated mental process of recognizing antiSemitism, recognizing Jewish hatred—no, stoking those flames against the Jewish people. It is unbelievable that it is happening here in America as well. 
it is happening among what some would refer to as the intelligentsia, those who are supposed to be more enlightened than the rest of a nation, who see things as they truly are. And yet, in America, some of those supposed enlightened intelligentsia are growing to be some of the most anti Semitic people in the country. 
one thing, political power for another. But it has to stop. Money and initially power in Nazi Germany stoked the flames of antiJewish hatred. But there is antiChristian hatred growing as well. Radical Islam has proliferated around the world. Violent radical Islam has grown. They aren’t junior varsities. These are literal cutthroats who have to be stopped. 
Islamists, Jew and Christianhating leaders to sit at the table or offer to let their murderers go free if they will just sit down and visit with us, reminiscent of what Jimmy Carter wanted to do after an act of war was committed against our Embassy, and in the 36 years that have followed, what appeared to radical Islamists as a weak, paper tiger, toothless America did nothing but beg to sit down and talk and try to encourage Iran to let our prisoners go. It was not until Ronald Reagan took office they were released. They never wanted to fight the United States superpower. 
years. Since ’79, when they committed an act of war, attacked our Embassy, around the world people have been shown: Oh, you can do that against the United States and get away with it. The good thing is they may end up leaving your country and then they may offer to give you money. They may offer to release murderers from prison so they can come back and help kill more Americans. You know, they are not very smart over there in the United States. That has been going on since 1979. 
It is tragic when we encourage radical Islamist holocausts, which is what they would like to do, they said they were going to do, by letting the murderers go. How could this administration for months now think that Yemen was a great example of moderate Islam working out? I have known since a constituent months ago was in jeopardy, and we were able to get special ops people to help get them out. 
attacked many months ago. Back at the time Embassy personnel officially said: ‘‘No, it was a nearby attack, but it wasn’t us.’’ When the Iranianbacked Houthis, the radical Islamists in Yemen, were taking over the capital and taking over the country—and instead of standing up firmly against them and protecting our American interests we were releasing murderers, radical Islamic murderers—we were talking about how wonderful things were in Yemen. That is exactly how the kind of antiJewish, antiChristian sentiment could grow to the point of having a holocaust. 
It is literally breathtaking for an administration not to understand that while it is trying to placate radical Islamic leaders in Iran and telling them: ‘‘We just want to talk. As long as you will keep talking to us, we will keep Israel from protecting themselves to their own detriment. Just keep talking to us and you keep those centrifuges spinning, that is fine with us.’’ 
Now we know, we have been informed, that the administration has taken complete dismantlement of the centrifuges and their equipment to help them create nuclear weapons off the table. It is not even something they are demanding anymore. In other words, the word is out that this administration is apparently okay with Iran getting nukes but just would prefer that it wait until after this President leaves office. It doesn’t matter when a President leaves office. If an administration gives bloodthirsty zealots the ability to create a holocaust, history does not forgive them simply because they had already left office when the holocaust actually started. 
troops to stop the radical Islamists there, but they need help. Boko Haram continues to kill, rape, torture. There it is about going after Christians. The smallscale holocausts that Boko Haram is creating don’t get so much as a whimper these days from this administration. They may say a few words, but they are hollow and they do not affect Boko Haram as they continue to be emboldened. 
redhanded being weaponized and used as a Democratic political tool, which appears to have violated criminal law— yes, we have had hearings, but we haven’t held them accountable. And, therefore, it seems to have encouraged even more impropriety by people within the IRS. 
When people get caught in impropriety and don’t pay a cost, then you see what we are seeing in Nigeria, you see what we are seeing in Afghanistan, in Pakistan, in Syria, in Iran, in Iraq, and in Libya. 
Oh, I know the President, his administration, bragged about the Arab Spring and about taking out Qadhafi, who had become an ally after he gave up any efforts for nuclear weapons, completely opened his defenses to the United States. This administration and the prior administration had agreements with Qadhafi. But this administration never lets agreements get in the way of helping radical Islamists. 
radical Islam turn Libya into a smoking country where people die, where our own people were not protected, because of the fantasy of those who thought that somehow the name, the United States, would be adequate to keep Chris Stevens and the other Americans safe in Benghazi. We didn’t need to give them added security like they asked for, we didn’t even need to respond when Chris Stevens called and said they were under attack—never 
said anything about a video because it was not. 
President got reelected. He didn’t have to account for that before the election, still hasn’t had to account for where he was and why help was not forthcoming. 
I mean, even after 20 hours this administration that had planes—we know for sure within 3
hours they get a private plane there, that is it. David Ubben, with most of his leg, right leg, blown off, no painkillers, no morphine, they don’t have a C–130 that they land to take him up in on a gurney. They get a private plane from somebody who wasn’t even American, and they have to knock David up against the door, turning the gurney every which way trying to get him in, without painkillers, causing more pain, more suffering, because this administration, apparently they were thinking that if they sent more help than just a private plane like that, a military plane, if that were sent, it might look like Libya were not the wonderful country that this administration helped create by bombing Qadhafi out of existence. 
And, yes, it was not, it is true, it was 
not a U.S. bomb that took Qadhafi out. But our bombs put him on the run, our bombs stopped his caravan. Our President wouldn’t respond for 3 days after Qadhafi offered to leave in exile and avoid any bloodshed before it all started. This administration didn’t respond. Obviously, they were okay with having bloodshed and Qadhafi being wiped out. So they got what they were hoping for, obviously. 
We have a country in Libya that is in 
absolute turmoil. By the way, because Libya is in turmoil due to this administration, they are helping turn Egypt into as much turmoil as they can. Thank God for President elSisi. In having met with him on more than one occasion, I was impressed by the man. Before he was President, he asked that we bring back a message to this administration since this administration— this President—froze the helicopters that were being sent, the Apaches. The question was: Does this administration—does this President—not understand that we use the Apache helicopters to keep the Suez Canal open? 
bought Morsi’s lies that he was deweaponizing the Sinai—supposedly to diminish the threat to Israel from the Sinai—and after Morsi was removed for his unconstitutional actions, not in a coup but in an uprising, which was a peaceful revolution by reportedly over 30 million of their 90 million people, they found that the Sinai had been dramatically weaponized and had been contributing weapons equipment to Gaza to help threaten and cause terror to Israel. 
Gaza, northern Israel that was given to Lebanon, it seems going back to the 
very inception of Israel—back when Israel was first brought, according to the Bible, into the Promised Land—we know of Canaan. The Canaanites no longer exist, so other people claim it who are not Canaanites. Actually, the Israelis had claim to it after the Canaanites. Others who occupied the land back over 3,000 years ago don’t exist. This land, according to the Bible, was given to the children of Israel. It seems to be true that there has never been a time when Israel gave away land when trying to buy peace that that land that they gave away was not used as a staging area from which to attack it. 
Gaza, what a noble thing to do by the 
Israelis. They took an area that was prosperous, selfsustaining, with greenhouses growing vegetables that would feed the people who lived there. An amazing place was the Gaza Strip. Then some noble Israeli leaders thought, Do you know what? It is not required. We are getting absolutely nothing in return, but we are going to do the unilateral act that will be so noble, that will be so full of grace that the world, even those who don’t like us, will go, Wow. Those Israelis, they are okay. They are nice folks. 
Look, they didn’t get anything in return; yet they still gave away the Gaza Strip. What a wonderful group of people. I mean, that just doesn’t happen. The United States never gave back its land to England or to Spain or to France or to other countries that initially had claims here. Other countries don’t do that, but Israel did. They gave away the Gaza Strip. Previous to that, they had given away what northern Israel now calls southern Lebanon. Southern Lebanon, people will recall, has been the site of attacks on Israelis—war. 
So how was this grace, this beneficence of Israel’s giving the Gaza Strip to the Palestinians, rewarded? It has been rewarded by their giving back to Israel thousands upon thousands upon thousands of rockets. Some kill. All terrorize. All cost money to Israel. 
have created is the threat to life, the threat to their existence; and we still have people in this country who say, Well, if you just keep giving away land, eventually, they will be satisfied, when the very materials that are being promoted by the people this administration supports among the Islamists— they made very clear the reason we name holidays, streets, areas, parks after suicide bombers who kill innocent children, women, men is that we, ultimately, are going to destroy Israel and wipe it off the map. We hate Jews that much; and this administration thinks, somehow, they will bring radical Islam around to really being this group of peace. 
exhibit in the United States v. the Holy Land Foundation in which there were many individuals and groups named as coconspirators. They were 
coconspirators. It includes the Council on AmericanIslamic Relations, CAIR, which has a nice office building just up the street here, and the Islamic Society of North America, ISNA, the leader of which is Imam Magid, who goes to the White House, who goes to the State Department, who advises the President 
and let’s him know when somebody is criticizing Islam, so the administration steps in and goes after him. 
Foundation trial—it was the biggest funding of terrorism case ever in U.S. history, and people who were involved originally had indicated the goal was to convict these first five, to name all of these coconspirators, and if we get convictions of those first five, like we think we should, then we proceed and go after the remainder. They were convicted in late 2008. President Obama took office a month or two later, and this administration would under no circumstances go after these people who had been alleged in the documents of funding radical Islamic terrorism even after the U.S. District Court in Dallas and the U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans confirmed that there was plenty of evidence to support that someone like ISNA or CAIR was a legitimate coconspirator named in the indictment and that their names would not be removed. 
Justice Department to make available the documents that were provided to the convicted terrorists—those funding terrorism or terrorists—and this administration now, for years, has drug their feet and has refused to provide all of the documents that were provided to the terrorists. 
On one occasion, the Attorney General basically said there are issues here of privilege, and my point was—and is—you gave them to the terrorists; surely, you can give them to Members of Congress. But the answer is, no, they can’t. They are going to keep obfuscating. They don’t want us to see all of the documents that they had in their possession that they gave to the terrorists. I have a feeling, if we saw all of the documents, it would be very, very clear in the purging that this administration has done of our training materials of the FBI’s, of the intelligence agency’s, of the State Department’s, and the Justice Department’s that, if there is anything that might bother a radical Islamist who wants to kill us, then it has to be removed. They removed it. 
in what is called an ‘‘Explanatory Memorandum,’’ it spells out their goals. It was written in 1991 by a member of the board of directors of the Muslim Brotherhood in North America and by a senior Hamas leader named Mohamed Akram. It had been approved by the Muslim Brotherhood’s Shura Council and Organizational Conference, and it was meant for internal review by the Muslim Brotherhood leadership in Egypt. It was not intended for public 
consumption. These are the words from the introduction that is part of this document from the Center for Security Policy. 
the document, itself, prepared by the Muslim Brotherhood in 1991, setting their goals for America: 
group in America, which was approved by the Shura Council and the Organizational Conference for the year 1987, is: ‘‘Enablement of Islam in North America, meaning: establishing an effective and stable Islamic movement led by the Muslim Brotherhood which adopts Muslims’ causes domestically and globally and which works to expand the observant Muslim base; aims at unifying and directing Muslims’ efforts; presents Islam as a civilization alternative; and supports the global Islamic state—if that name sounds familiar—wherever it is.’’ 
Shura Council for the work of the group in its current and former session, which is ‘‘settlement.’’ 
Skipping down to ‘‘Two: An Introduction to the Explanatory Memorandum,’’ it says: 
The question we are facing is: ‘‘How do you 
like to see the Islam movement in North America in 10 years?’’ or ‘‘taking along’’ the following sentence when planning and working ‘‘Islamic Work in North America in the year 2000: A strategic vision.’’ 
Also, we must summon and take along elements of the general strategic goal of the group in North America. 
college who may not realize, North America is where we live. 
I will intentionally repeat them in numbers. They are: 
One, establishing an effective and stable Islamic movement led by the Muslim Brotherhood. 
clear and emphatically known that all is in agreement that we must ‘‘settle’’ or ‘‘enable’’ Islam and its movement in this part of the world. 
Three: The Concept of Settlement: The term was mentioned in the group’s 
‘‘dictionary’’ and documents with various meanings in spite of the fact that everyone meant one thing with it. We believe that the understanding of the essence is the same, and we will attempt here to give the word and its ‘‘meanings’’ a practical explanation with a practical movement tone and not a philosophical linguistic explanation, while stressing that this explanation of ours is not complete until our explanation of ‘‘the process’’ of settlement itself is understood which is mentioned in the following paragraph. We briefly say the following: Settlement: ‘‘That Islam and its movement 
become a part of the homeland it lives in.’’ 
firmly rooted organizations on whose bases civilization, structure, and testimony are built.’’ 
passing thing or rooted ‘entrenched’ in the soil of the spot where it moves and not a strange plant to it.’’ 
Four: The Process of Settlement: In order for Islam and its movement to become ‘‘a part of the homeland’’ in which it lives— 
—‘‘stable’’ in its land, ‘‘rooted’’ in the spirits and minds of its people, ‘‘enabled’’ in the life of its society and has firmly established ‘‘organizations’’ on which the Islamic structure is built and with which the testimony of civilization is achieved, the movement must plan and struggle to obtain ‘‘the keys’’ and the tools of this process in carrying out this grand mission as a ‘‘civilization jihadist’’ responsibility which lies on the shoulders of Muslims and—on top of them—the Muslim Brotherhood in this country. 
following.’’ It goes on to talk about the settlement concept and the fundamental shift toward settlement of this country. 
memorandum disagrees—that our focus in attempting to settle Islam in this country will lead to negligence in our duty towards the global Islamic movement in supporting its project to establish the state. 
We believe that the reply is in two segments. One, the success of the movement in America— 
One, the success of the movement in America in establishing an observant Islamic base with power and effectiveness will be the best support and aid to the global movement project. 
not succeeded yet in ‘‘distributing roles’’ to its branches, stating what is the needed from them as one of the participants or contributors to the project to establish the global Islamic state. The day this happens, the children of the American Ikhwani branch will have farreaching impact and positions that make the ancestors proud. 
It is a great document goal for taking over the United States, which brings another story to the surface. It is from Bob Price from breitbart.com. ‘‘Islamic Tribunal Confirmed in Texas; Attorney Claims ’It’s Voluntary,’’’ and it talks about the new Islamic tribunal in Texas that has been confirmed now by Breitbart Texas. 
The tribunal is operating as a nonprofit organization in Dallas. Because when you understand the goals, if there is a major defeat or a major success, 
Ground Zero in New York; further, they would want a mosque and a strong presence in Dallas which was, they believe, the place of their big defeat when the Holy Land Foundation principals were convicted and sent to prison. 
I did want to point out, as we finish 
up here today, that the President was giving an excellent speech in India about the importance of stopping the global war on women. He didn’t call it that. He only calls it that for Republicans, but there is a war on women, and it is not by Republicans. It is radical Islam and even some moderate Islamists. 
He is giving this talk about the importance of recognizing the importance and the equality of women—or some of us might say they are more equal than we are—but as he was doing that, this picture was on Saudi television. 
depicted here, and this is the First Lady of the United States of America being blurred out by this country’s allies because she wasn’t covered. Michelle Obama should never need to be covered if she doesn’t want to be; yet at the very time our President is talking about equality of women, he fails to notice that people that he considers allies are treating his own wife like this. 
stand up against radical Islam or any Islam that wants a settlement civilization jihad in America. Anything and anybody who disagrees with the United States Constitution and wants to destroy it, tear it down, is an enemy to the United States and needs to be recognized as such and not welcomed with open arms at the State Department and the White House. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 12 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Friday, January 30, 2015, at 2 p.m. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
for Civil Rights, Department of Agriculture, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Nondiscrimination on the Basis of Age in 
Trade Commission, transmitting the Commission’s sixth interim and final report on a national study of credit report accuracy, entitled ‘‘Report to Congress Under Section 319 of the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (January 2015)’’; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
252. A letter from the Chief, Branch of Recovery and State Grants, Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of the Interior, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Endangered Status for the Mexican Wolf [Docket No.: FWSHQES20130073; FXES11130900000156FF09E42000] (RIN: 1018 AY00) received January 26, 2015, pursuant to 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G OSAR , 
FLEISCHMANN , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. T URNER , Mr. R OGERS of 
Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. R OSS, Mr. S ALMON, Mr. L ATTA , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. 
LONG, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. W EBER  
of Texas, Mr. C OLE, Mr. A USTIN SCOTT 
of Georgia, Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. C HABOT , 
Mr. R OONEY of Florida, Mr. W ALBERG , 
H.R. 578. A bill to protect the right of individuals to bear arms at water resources development projects administered by the Secretary of the Army, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
H.R. 579. A bill to provide for incentives for 
agencies and the judiciary to increase operating efficiency; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. C ICILLINE , and Mr. 
H.R. 580. A bill to protect consumers by requiring reasonable security policies and procedures to protect data containing personal information, and to provide for nationwide notice in the event of a security breach; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. 
MEEHAN , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. M ICHAEL F. 
Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. G RIJALVA , and 
Heritage Area Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
H.R. 582. A bill to amend title III of the 
Public Health Service Act to provide for the establishment and implementation of guidelines on best practices for diagnosis, treatment, and management of mild traumatic brain injuries (MTBIs) in schoolaged children, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
GOODLATTE , Mrs. B LACK , Mr. B ROOKS  
H.R. 583. A bill to provide for sanctions on 
countries that have refused or unreasonably delayed repatriation of an alien who is a national of that country, or that have an excessive repatriation failure rate, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESANTIS (for himself, Mr. 
MASSIE , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. G OWDY , Mr. 
H.R. 584. A bill to amend title 5, United 
States Code, to provide for the termination of certain retirement benefits for Members of Congress, except the right to continue participating in the Thrift Savings Plan, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. CARTER of Texas, Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. 
GOSAR , Mr. O LSON , Mr. P EARCE , and 
Species Act of 1973 to establish a procedure for approval of certain settlements; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. L OEBSACK , Mr. 
CARNEY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. C OOPER , 
Ms. K USTER , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. S CHRA DER, Mr. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. B ROWNLEY of 
H.R. 586. A bill to establish the Independent Government Waste Reduction Board to make recommendations to improve the economy, efficiency, and effectiveness of Federal programs, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committee on Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
HONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina): 
H.R. 587. A bill to direct the Secretary of 
Education to award grants to States to improve early education; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. J OLLY , and Mr. 
H.R. 589. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the inclusion in gross income of Social Security benefits; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
CA´RDENAS , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. C OHEN , 
Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. 
ENGEL , Ms. E STY, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. 
GRAYSON , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IMES, Mr. H ONDA , 
Georgia, Mr. K ILMER , Ms. L EE, Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ETERS , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. P OLIS, Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. T AKANO , Ms. 
TITUS, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Ms. E SHOO , Mr. S HERMAN , 
Mr. K EATING , Ms. S INEMA , Ms. 
H.R. 590. A bill to establish in the Bureau 
of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBT Peoples; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
H.R. 591. A bill to provide for a coordinated 
Federal research program to ensure continued United States leadership in engineering biology; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
H.R. 592. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for coverage under the Medicare program of pharmacist services; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
POLIS, Mr. T IPTON , Ms. D EGETTE , and 
for the construction of the Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Aurora, Colorado, and to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into an agreement with the Army Corps of Engineers to manage such construction; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
AMODEI , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. B ARR, Mr. 
BENISHEK , Mr. B LUM, Mr. B OST, Mr. 
Mr. B URGESS , Mr. B YRNE , Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, Mr. C OOK, Mr. 
CRAMER , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. D ENHAM , 
FARENTHOLD , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. F LORES, Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. G IBSON, Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , 
Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. G RIFFITH, Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. H ARPER , 
Mr. H ANNA , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. H ILL, Mr. H UDSON , Mr. 
HUELSKAMP , Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. H UNTER , Mr. H URDof Texas, 
Mr. H URTof Virginia, Mr. S AMJOHNSONof Texas, Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J OYCE , 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. L UCAS , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ARCH ANT, Mr. M CCLINTOCK , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. N UNES , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
Mr. R OKITA , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. S CHOCK , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. 
STEWART , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. T HORN BERRY , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
HARDY , Mr. U PTON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. 
Mr. C RENSHAW , Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. 
Mr. B ABIN, Mr. F ORBES , Mr. W ALDEN , 
Mr. A MASH , Mr. S IMPSON , and Mr. 
and responsibilities with respect to waters of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
BLUMENAUER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. C HABOT , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of 
DEGETTE , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. F RANKS  
of Arizona, Mr. G IBSON , Mr. G OWDY , 
Mr. I SRAEL , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. 
JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Ms. K USTER , Mr. L ANCE , Mr. 
LARSON of Connecticut, Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. 
MARINO , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. M EEKS , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. R EICHERT , 
Mr. R UIZ, Mr. T IPTON , Mr. V ANHOLLEN, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. W EBER of 
Texas, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. C OOPER , Mr. 
HONDA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
MULLIN , Mr. F ARR, and Ms. J UDYCHU 
H.R. 595. A bill to amend section 2259 of 
title 18, United States Code, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 596. A bill to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and health carerelated provisions in the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, Ways and Means, the Judiciary, Natural Resources, Rules, House Administration, Appropriations, and the Budget, for a 
period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. FINCHER (for himself, Mr. WILSON of South Carolina, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. 
DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. D OLD, Mr. C OLE, 
Mr. H ULTGREN , Mr. L UCAS , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. R EED, Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. B OST, 
Mr. H ARPER , Mr. K INGof New York, 
Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
GIBBS, Mr. C RENSHAW , Mr. L ONG, Mr. 
Mrs. W ALORSKI , Mr. G RAVES of Missouri, Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
Mr. B UCSHON , Mr. M EEHAN , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. T HOMP SON of Pennsylvania, Mr. T URNER , 
Mr. G IBSON , Mr. H ANNA , Mr. K ELLY of 
SHIMKUS , Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. R EICHERT , Mr. 
Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. M ARINO , 
Mr. M ULLIN , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. 
KATKO , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. J OLLY , 
Mr. C ALVERT , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. SCHOCK , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Mr. 
Import Bank of the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
COOPER , Mr. B OST, Mr. K ELLY of 
an annual report disclosing the cost and performance of Government programs and areas of duplication among them, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 600. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modify the taxation of hard cider; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
WELCH , Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. F OSTER , 
York, Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. F INCHER , 
Mr. H UIZENGA of Michigan, Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. K ILMER , and Mr. P ERLMUTTER ): 
LeachBliley Act to provide an exception to the annual privacy notice requirement; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
GIBBS, Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. J OYCE , Ms. 
KAPTUR , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. T IBERI , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. T URNER , Ms. F UDGE , Mr. 
LATTA , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Ohio, Mr. J ORDAN , and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 602. A bill to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in recognition and celebration of the Pro Football Hall of Fame; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
H.R. 603. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to establish a Social Security Surplus Protection Account in the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund to hold the Social Security surplus, to provide for suspension of investment of amounts held in the Account until enactment of legislation providing for investment of the Trust Fund in investment vehicles other than obligations of the United States, 
and to establish a Social Security Investment Commission to make recommendations for alternative forms of investment of the Social Security surplus in the Trust Fund; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
JONES , Mr. K INGof Iowa, Mr. A USTIN  
SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. W ESTMORE LAND , Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. S ALMON , Mr. 
and Nationality Act to make changes related to familysponsored immigrants and to reduce the number of such immigrants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
TIBERI , Mr. H ARPER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. 
H.R. 605. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for the coverage of home as a site of care for infusion therapy under the Medicare program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy 
and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 606. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 607. A bill to amend the VOW to Hire 
Heroes Act of 2011 to extend the Veterans Retraining Assistance Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
to award a gold medal on behalf of Congress to Muhammad Ali in recognition of his contributions to the Nation; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Ms. S LAUGHTER , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. R USH, Mr. R ANGEL , 
H.R. 609. A bill to establish the Food Safety Administration to protect the public health by preventing foodborne illness, ensuring the safety of food, improving research on contaminants leading to foodborne illness, and improving security of food from intentional contamination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 610. A bill to amend title XIX of the 
Social Security Act to audit States to determine if such States used Medicaid funds in violation of the Hyde Amendment and other Federal prohibitions on funding for abortions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
Ohio, Mr. W ALBERG , Mr. P ITTS, Mr. 
Victims Protection Act of 2000 relating to determinations with respect to efforts of foreign countries to reduce demand for commercial sex acts under the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
BARR, Mrs. B LACKBURN , Mr. B ISHOP of 
Georgia, Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C RAMER , 
Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. 
DUNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F INCHER , Mr. 
FLEISCHMANN , Ms. F OXX, Mr. B ARTON , 
Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. 
Mr. J OLLY , Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. 
LAMALFA , Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. L ONG, 
Mr. L OUDERMILK , Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. 
NUNNELEE , Mr. N UGENT , Mr. P ALMER , 
Mr. P ALAZZO , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. 
PEARCE , Mr. P ITTENGER , Mr. P ITTS, 
Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mrs. 
SALMON , Mr. S CHWEIKERT , Mr. A USTIN  
Mr. W ILLIAMS , Mr. W ILSON of South 
Mrs. B LACK , and Mr. B UCSHON ): 
H.R. 612. A bill to preserve and protect the 
free choice of individual employees to form, join, or assist labor organizations, or to refrain from such activities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
By Mr. MEEHAN (for himself, Mr. CARNEY, Mr. B UCSHON , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. F ATTAH , Mr. 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to authorize veterans’ treatment courts and encourage services for veterans; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
By Mr. MURPHY of Florida (for himself, Mr. JOLLY , Mr. A SHFORD , Mr. 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. S WALWELL of California, and Mr. B ARR): 
H.R. 614. A bill to provide for savings, accountability, value, and efficiency, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs, 
Appropriations, Agriculture, Energy and Commerce, Ways and Means, Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, the Judiciary, Financial Services, House Administration, and Rules, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 615. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Homeland Security. 
and Nationality Act to provide for reforms to the EB5 immigrant investor program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 617. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to enhance the clinical trial registry data bank reporting requirements and enforcement measures; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
GOWDY ): H.R. 618. A bill to expand opportunity 
through greater choice in education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 619. A bill to amend the Public Health 
Service Act to provide for the expansion, intensification, and coordination of the programs and activities of the National Institutes of Health with respect to Tourette syndrome; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
CLYBURN , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. M CDERMOTT , Ms. N ORTON , 
BEYER , Mr. W ELCH , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. 
LOWENTHAL , Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. C ASTORof Florida, Mr. H ONDA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and 
H.R. 620. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to expand the denial of deduction for certain excessive employee remuneration; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
of Veterans Affairs to make grants with minority serving institutions for the purpose of establishing verified delivery systems to address social and academic problems facing veterans enrolled at such institutions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
H. Con. Res. 11. Concurrent resolution expressing support for designation of January 2015 as ‘‘National Blood Donor Month’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
H. Res. 59. A resolution recognizing the National Construction Equipment Museum established, operated and maintained by the Historical Construction Equipment Association located in Bowling Green, Ohio, as the National Construction Equipment Museum; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
for the expenses of the Committee on Small Business in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
goals and ideals of a National Stalking Awareness Month; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of New York, Ms. B ASS, Mr. V ARGAS , 
Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. W EBER of Texas, 
Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S LAUGH TER, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. 
BORDALLO , Mr. N OLAN , Ms. E STY, 
Mrs. W AGNER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. 
Mr. R ANGEL , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. 
HONDA , Mr. M CDERMOTT , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. W ILSON of 
sense of the House of Representatives regarding sexually exploited and trafficked girls in the United States; to the Committee on the 
for the expenses of the Committee on House Administration in the One Hundred Fourteenth Congress; to the Committee on House Administration. 
Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , 
K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. F ATTAH , Ms. 
LANGEVIN , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Ms. N ORTON , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , 
Mr. P OCAN , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania, and Ms. T SONGAS ): 
H. Res. 64. A resolution recognizing January 2015 as ‘‘National Mentoring Month’’; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
H.R. 578. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution and the Second Amendment, which states: A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed. 
H.R. 579. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 9, Clause 7 which provides that ‘‘no money shall be drawn from the Treasury but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time.’’ 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have power ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes’’ 
H.R. 581. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 582. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United 
H.R. 583. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 584. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 6, Clause 1, of the U.S. 
Constitution: The Senators and Representatives shall receive a Compensation for their 
H.R. 585. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. 
H.R. 586. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United 
H.R. 587. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 588. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 589. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The constitutional authority for the Senior Citizens Tax Elimination Act is found in Article I, Section 8, which gives Congress the power to lay and collect taxes. 
H.R. 590. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 591. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 592. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States; 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clauses 12, 14 and 18 of 
the Constitution of the United States; the authority raise and support an army, to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces and to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers. 
The purpose of the bill is to provide assistance to the VA for their construction activities so that the veteran population has access to healthcare facilities. In order for the U.S. Government to support and regulate our land and naval forces for future engagements, it is necessary and proper for the Congress to legislate the construction of facilities so the current and future veteran population is provided adequate healthcare. 
H.R. 594. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The power to regulate interstate commerce is set forth Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, the Power to ‘‘regulate commerce among 
6, Clause 2; and the 10th Amendment, which grants states all authority not explicitly given to the federal government, pursuant to which this bill seeks to return to the states authority previously and erroneously claimed by the federal government. 
grants Congress the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested by Congress in the Constitution of the United States or in any department or officer thereof. 
H.R. 595. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
for executing powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 596. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
and Affordable Care Act and title I and subtitle B of title II of the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, which included several specific provisions that extend beyond the enumerated powers granted to Congress by the Constitution, including, in particular, the Commerce, Taxing, and the Spending Clauses of Article I, Section 8, as well as the Necessary and Proper Clauses contained therein, and that otherwise improperly extend authority to Federal agencies in a manner inconsistent with the Vesting Clause of Article I, Section 1. 
consistent with the powers that are reserved to the States and to the people as expressed in Amendment X to the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 597. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 598. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law; and a regular Statement and Account of the Receipts and Expenditures of all public Money shall be published from time to time. 
H.R. 599. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clauses 1 and 18 of the 
H.R. 600. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
The Constitution of the United States provides clear authority for Congress to pass tax legislation. Article I of the Constitution, in detailing Congressional authority, provides that ‘‘Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises . . .’’ (Section 8, Clause 1). This legislation is introduced pursuant to that grant of authority. 
H.R. 601. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
bill rests is the explicit power of Congress to regulate commerce in and among the states, as enumerate in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3, the Commerce Clause, of the United States Constitution. 
passed by the House of Representatives and the Senate and signed by the President to be codified into law; and therefore implicitly allows Congress to repeal any bill that has been passed by both chambers and signed into law by the President. 
H.R. 602. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Congress shall have Power . . . To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures.’’ 
H.R. 603. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 604. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
that Congress has the power ‘‘to establish a uniform Rule of Naturalization and uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States.’’ 
that Congress has the power to ‘‘make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof . . .’’ 
H.R. 605. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 606. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 607. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 608. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. 
H.R. 609. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and Article I, 
Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 610. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. 
H.R. 611. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 612. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the National Labor Relations Act (NLRA) and Railway Labor Act (RLA). As such, this bill makes specific changes to existing law in a manner that returns power to the States and to the People, in accordance with Amendment X of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 613. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following. 
H.R. 614. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
to enact this legislation is provided by Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 615. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes 
H.R. 616. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 617. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8: to provide for the common defense and general welfare. 
H.R. 618. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 The Congress shall have Power to lay and 
collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 619. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the Committee finds the authority for this legislation in article I, section 8 of the Constitution. 
H.R. 620. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Sections 7 & 8 of Article I of the United 
States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution. 
H.R. 621. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
1. Article 1, Section 8, Clause 14 of the 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 24: Mr. W ESTERMAN , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE 
of Georgia, Mr. H OLDING , Mr. H UNTER , Mr. 
MESSER , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. 
POLIS, Mr. P OMPEO , Mr. S TEWART , Mr. S TIVERS, Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. W HITFIELD , Mr. 
H.R. 154: Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New 
H.R. 167: Ms. S INEMA and Mr. F LEISCHMANN . 
H.R. 188: Mrs. L UMMIS , Mr. M ARINO , Mr. 
UPTON , Mr. R EICHERT , and Mr. K INGof New 
H.R. 235: Mr. F ARENTHOLD , Mr. W ILLIAMS , 
H.R. 290: Mr. P ETERS on, Mr. P ALAZZO and 
H.R. 310: Mr. W OMACK , Mr. M ULLIN , Mr. 
H.R. 340: Mr. R YAN of Wisconsin and Ms. 
H.R. 365: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. S ALMON . 
H.R. 400: Mr. E MMER , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, and Mr. S ERRANO . 
H.R. 402: Mr. R OUZER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. 
H.R. 413: Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana and Mr. 
Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. K INGof Iowa. 
H.R. 431: Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. R YAN of 
Ohio, Mr. A SHFORD , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mr. 
PETERSON , Mr. B EYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Ms. 
CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Mr. 
COOPER , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. 
FARR, Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. G ENE GREEN of 
Texas, Mr. K EATING , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. K ILDEE, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. M OULTON , Mr. Q UIGLEY , 
Mrs. N APOLITANO , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. 
TAKAI, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. 
WELCH , Mr. B ENISHEK , Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. 
STIVERS , Mr. W OMACK , Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. P ITTS, Mr. G UTHRIE , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
FLORES , Mr. S ENSENBRENNER , Mr. Y OUNG of 
Alaska, Mr. S IMPSON , Mr. C ONAWAY , Mrs. 
HARTZLER , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. A BRAHAM , 
Mrs. E LLMERS , Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
HILL, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. F INCHER , Mr. R ICEof 
SCHWEIKERT , Ms. G RANGER , Mr. O LSON , Mr. 
ROUZER , Mr. R OTHFUS , Mr. N EUGEBAUER , Mrs. 
COMSTOCK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. 
HANNA , Mr. L ANCE , Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER , 
Mr. U PTON , Mr. S HUSTER , Mr. T IPTON , Mr. 
JENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. M EADOWS , Mr. 
BRAT, Mr. G RIFFITH , Mr. B OUSTANY , Mr. 
SALMON , Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , 
Mr. I SSA, Mrs. B LACK , Mr. R OONEY of Florida, 
Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. A MODEI , Mr. K ELLY of 
Pennsylvania, Mr. G OWDY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. 
VALADAO , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. D UFFY , Mr. 
WENSTRUP , Mr. D ENT, Mr. Y ODER , Mr. T URNER, Mr. L AMALFA , Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. R UIZ, 
Mr. H URT of Virginia, Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. 
BORDALLO , and Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California. 
H.R. 448: Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. I SRAEL , and Mr. 
H.R. 451: Mr. R OHRABACHER and Mr. W ESTMORELAND . 
H.R. 456: Mr. M CGOVERN and Mr. P OLIS. 
H.R. 485: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. T ONKO , Mr. 
GARAMENDI , and Mr. A USTIN SCOTT of Georgia. 
H.R. 529: Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. C OOK, and Mr. 
H.R. 532: Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Ms. M CCOLLUM, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. 
H.R. 546: Mr. S TIVERS , Mr. R OSS, Ms. R OYBALALLARD , and Mr. W EBSTER of Florida. 
H. Res. 12: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
H. Res. 24: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and 
H. Res. 28: Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. 
H. Res. 32: Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. L YNCH , Ms. 
NORTON , Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. 
H. Res. 49: Mr. J OYCE , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. S IRES, Mr. L EVIN, Mr. B YRNE , Mr. 
MEEKS , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. G RAYSON , Mr. 
WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. H IGGINS, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . 
the City of Minneapolis, Minnesota, relative to Resolution No. 2014R530, supporting the President’s historic executive order on immigration; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S549 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 28, 2015 No. 14 