of this month, the highway and transit trust fund will expire, which would be devastating to our country’s competitiveness and threaten 660,000 American jobs and thousands of projects to rebuild America’s roads, rails, and bridges. We can’t let this happen, not during the middle of the summer construction season for sure. 
Republicans, really have to work together in a bipartisan fashion to pass a plan to invest in our Nation’s infrastructure, our roads, our rails, and our bridges. 
even act to extend the highway trust fund, let alone adopt a 21st century plan that invests in our future, invests in America, and rebuilds this Nation in a way that puts people to work and makes us more competitive. How are we supposed to compete with China if we can’t even rebuild our own roads and bridges? 
We need to act together. Mr. Speaker, the time has long passed. Let’s act today. 
asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Speaker, I am grateful to recognize the Flying Tigers, a courageous group of volunteer pilots of World War II who carried out strategic air support missions to protect the citizens of the Republic of China. This elite group became the 14th Air Force and included my father, First Lieutenant Hugh de Veaux Wilson. 
Claire Chennault, the Flying Tigers achieved impressive victories, destroying 296 enemy aircraft, stopping the invaders, and saving millions of Chinese lives. 
the Republic of China military who rescued most of the crews after 15 U.S. planes crashed into China following the Doolittle Raid in 1942. This raid was formed in my hometown of Springdale at Columbia Army Air Base in South Carolina. 
at the Presidential compound in Beijing on a delegation led by Congressman Curt Weldon. Upon hearing of my father’s Flying Tiger service, President Jiang Zemin interrupted the meeting to announce his view that, because of the Flying Tigers, ‘‘the American military is revered in China.’’ 
and may the President by his actions never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
marriage, for it embodies the highest ideals of love, fidelity, devotion, sacrifice, and family. In forming a marital union, two people become something greater than once they were. 
cases demonstrate, marriage embodies a love that may endure even past 
death. It would misunderstand these men and women to say they disrespect the idea of marriage. 
respect it so deeply that they seek to find its fulfillment for themselves. Their hope is not to be condemned to live in loneliness, excluded from one of civilization’s oldest institutions. 
eyes of the law. The Constitution grants them that right. The judgment of the Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit is reversed. 
‘‘It is so ordered.’’ These words, Mr. Speaker, were written by Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy in his Obergefell v. Hodges ruling, and they embody what the LGBT community has pursued for decades: equality under the law. 
was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) 
Speaker, I rise today to congratulate my friend and Minnesota’s own, Phil Housley, on his recent induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame. 
Born and raised in the state of hockey, he graduated from South St. Paul High School in 1982. 
Phil was drafted by the Buffalo Sabres right out of high school and spent 21 years playing in the National Hockey League for eight different teams. 
highest scoring U.S.born defenseman in NHL history. He also helped Team USA win a silver medal in the 2002 Olympics. 
game in 2003, but his hockey career did not end there. He is currently working as the assistant coach for the Nashville Predators. 
highest level, and he is being recognized with the highest honor his sport can grant: induction into the Hockey Hall of Fame. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, yesterday I spent part of my day with a number of families from Taunton, Massachusetts, a city in my district that has been tragically impacted by opiate abuse. 
young man stood out. Cory was an honor student from Taunton High School. He was a starting pitcher for the baseball team when a pitching injury sidelined him and forced him into 
surgery. After 12 bouts in rehab, he ended up overdosing on heroin and today continues to suffer brain damage from that overdose. 
Mr. Speaker, these stories have become far too common, not just across Taunton and across our Commonwealth in Massachusetts, but around our country. 
the tremendous work of my colleague, Congressman WHITFIELD , and his work 
in introducing with me the National All Schedules Prescription Electronic Reporting Act, as well as our colleague Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS , who 
has introduced the Heroin and Prescription Opioid Abuse Prevention, Education, and Enforcement Act. 
to these challenges. Together, this body, piece by piece, can help craft the legislation that we need to get this epidemic under wraps. 
given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
dangerous policies have deadly consequences. We were reminded of this last week when a young woman in San Francisco, Kate Steinle, was tragically murdered by an illegal immigrant who should have been deported long ago. 
across the Nation, like San Francisco, have declared that they will be a sanctuary for illegal immigrants. They refuse to cooperate with Federal immigration authorities in violation of Federal law. And victims like Kate Steinle pay the ultimate price 
condoned sanctuary cities and has done nothing to make them abide by Federal immigration laws. 
In this case, the killer had been ordered deported five times and charged with seven previous felonies but had been released instead. 
If this administration and local officials in sanctuary cities care about the safety of the American people, they should work to secure our borders and uphold, not undermine, our immigration laws. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
original cosponsor of the United States Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015, I rise in strong support of this bill. 
the Middle East. Under King Abdullah’s strong leadership, Jordan 
continues to play a critical role in advancing peace and stability in the region and in the ongoing campaign to defeat ISIL. 
against Islamic extremism, conducting airstrikes, training partner nations and rebel forces, and supplying allies. 
the hosting of more than 700,000 Syrian refugees, Jordan’s economy faces ongoing economic and security needs. 
Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Subcommittee, I fought to ensure that the Jordanians have the support they need to address these many challenges. 
provide assistance Jordan needs to ensure its success in coalition operations, including strengthening the borders with Iraq and Syria. It is important for both their security and ours. 
the U.S. efforts to keep terrorism in check, create stability in the Middle East, and protect the American people. This assistance should not be delayed because of unnecessary bureaucracy. Such a valued partner deserves and needs our assistance immediately. 
treated as if it were a member of the NATOplus group of countries, which makes them eligible to receive special treatment for the transfer of U.S. defense articles and services. 
permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) 
Congress must come up with a long term infrastructure plan, and it must do it this month before the highway trust fund expires. 
without investing in its infrastructure. Throughout history, great leaders of both parties have understood there is a return on that investment. George Washington understood the need for internal improvements; so did Henry Clay. In the middle of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln and this Congress invested in the transcontinental railroad. 
were making decisions for future generations, and if we don’t, China, India, Japan, and our competitors will. They are making the decisions we are not making. They are advancing while we are retreating in critical infrastructure investment. 
from this Congress. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 
907, the U.S.Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015. As the Middle East has become more unstable and as ISIS continues to terrorize the people of Syria, Iraq, and its neighbors, Jordan remains resolute. While ISIS threatens its borders and terrorizes its people, Jordan has fought back. 
alKasasbeh was brutally murdered— burned alive in a cage, Mr. Speaker— Jordan did not shrink; it did not retreat. Instead, it took even a more active role in airstrikes against the ISIS threat. 
created by ISIS has placed a tremendous pressure on the country of Jordan. Jordan has absorbed 620,000 Syrian refugees during this crisis. Its healthcare and educational systems are under severe strain as a result. 
$460 million in response, on top of the over $1 billion in bilateral foreign assistance Jordan received last year. In February, the U.S. and Jordanian Governments signed a memorandum of understanding outlining the intention to provide Jordan with $1 billion per year for the next 3 years. This agreement and this legislation seek to ensure that Jordan is able to defend itself in the wake of these severe threats. 
treat Jordan as a NATO member in how weapons sales and maintenance, manufacturing licensing agreements, and technical assistance are considered and notified to this Congress. The bill also authorizes a MOU with Jordan to increase economic and military assistance, as well as joint military operations. 
mutually beneficial. Now, more than ever, Jordan needs U.S. support. We need strong Jordanian resolve in the face of the threat against ISIS. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. 
we have no further speakers, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, let me 
close by noting that this bill is crucial because it shows that, if given proper assistance, the region can stand up for itself. This measure does not put U.S. boots on the ground. U.S. support and leadership is appreciated, of course, but Jordan is seeking to defend itself with our help. 
We have had many solemn conversations in this body and on this floor about issues of war and peace. This bill demonstrates U.S. leadership in preparing others to fight their own battles, and that is an important strategy as we move forward. This legislation is consistent with that principle. 
their full support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
I thank my good friend, the gentleman from Virginia, for his comments. I know that it comes from great experience. I believe that he also served as a staff member on the Foreign Relations Committee in the Senate. That has definitely helped him 
that my friend from Florida would be in possession of such intricate knowledge. I thank her for acknowledging it. 
time, this bill could not come at a more important time, Mr. Speaker. 
trip to Jordan in order to discuss the growing threat to that region. I had previously gone there on my own CODEL. Now, going back in March, I see how ISIL has created an even greater threat to the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan and the refugee crisis continues to build up for the Kingdom of Jordan. 
Majesty for his steadfast commitment, to support his efforts to fight this ISIL threat, and help him with the burden of the refugees. 
The King reiterated again his commitment to defeating ISIL and the need for more assistance from the international community. We told him that we would do what we could to ensure that he had all of the tools needed to win this fight against ISIL. 
ISIL began, Mr. Speaker, the terror group has made great gains in Iraq and Syria. It has expanded its influence across the globe to places like Libya, Tunisia, Sinai, Europe, and even here in the United States. 
need to step up. We need to show our allies that we are committed to help them. They are taking the fight to ISIL. Let’s help them with these tools. We need to show ISIL and all of our enemies that we will stand by our allies. 
them do what is necessary—all that is necessary—to defeat terror and to defeat radical extremism. 
vital, important bill and support our key ally, the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan. I would like to thank Mr. ROYCE and Mr. E NGEL again for their 
leadership, as well as Mr. D EUTCH , Ms. 
support of H.R. 907, U.S.Jordan Defense Cooperation Act of 2015. 
in the Arab world than Jordan, and His Majesty King Abdullah II continues to be a pioneer in bolstering moderate political voices both in Jordan and throughout the Muslim world. 
with the rise of ISIL and the unprecedented humanitarian needs of millions of refugees, stability and security in Jordan remain vital to our own interests. 
It would help strengthen military and economic ties between our two countries. 
As the Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on State and Foreign Operations, I remain committed to our strategic partnership with Jordan, and I will continue to work as hard as possible to promote stability, economic growth, and prosperity for the Jordanian people. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) that the House suspend 
the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 907, as amended. 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. 
move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Identification Card Act 2015’’. 
are often offered by public and private institutions to veterans who demonstrate proof of service in the military, but it is impractical for a veteran to always carry Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers to demonstrate such proof. 
card made available to veterans would be useful to demonstrate the status of the veterans without having to carry and use official Department of Defense form DD–214 discharge papers. 
Code, is amended by adding after section 5705 the following new section: 
form DD–214 or other official document from the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran; and 
card described in this subsection is a card issued to a veteran that— 
any benefits to which the veteran is entitled to; 
214 or other official document in the official military personnel file of the veteran that describes the service of the veteran. 
charge a fee to each veteran who receives an identification card issued under this section, including a replacement identification card. 
shall equal such amount as the Secretary determines is necessary to issue an identification card under this section. 
shall be deposited in an account of the Department available to carry out this section. Amounts so deposited shall be— 
card under this section shall not be entitled to any benefits under this title by reason of possessing such card. 
by this Act shall take effect on the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. A BRAHAM) and the gentleman from California (Mr. T AKANO ) each will control 
ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and add extraneous material on the Senate amendment to H.R. 91. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Louisiana? 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
show their gratitude to our Nation’s servicemembers and veterans by offering special discounts on goods and services to those who have served our Nation in uniform. 
Unfortunately, unless a servicemember is a qualified military retiree, DOD does not issue an official ID card as proof of service. That means that millions of veterans cannot easily provide evidence of their service. 
that by directing the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue a veteran’s ID card that would display the veteran’s name and photograph to any veteran who requests such a card, as long as the veteran is not entitled to military retired pay, nor enrolled in the VA healthcare system. 
served in the Armed Forces a convenient way to prove that they are veterans, for the purpose of receiving the 
The bill, as amended, would also require the Secretary to determine a fee to be charged that would cover all costs of producing the cards and managing the program. The bill also specifies that the card does not entitle the holder to any VA benefits. 
H.R. 91 passed the House by a vote of 
402–0 on May 18. The Senate passed it by unanimous consent on June 22, with an amendment that would authorize VA to provide this card to any person who meets the statutory definition of a veteran. 
Under current law, a veteran is defined as ‘‘a person who served in the active military, naval, or air service and who was discharged or released therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable.’’ 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
good friend mentioned, in May. It was amended by the Senate and passed 2 weeks ago. Today, we are taking up the Senate amendment to H.R. 91. This measure will assist veterans in proving that they are indeed veterans. 
enrolled with the VA to receive a VA ID card or utilize their DD–214 to prove their military service, which may contain personal health information. 
services are issued a Department of Defense ID card that serves this purpose. However, the majority of servicemembers do not retire in service, leaving millions of veterans sometimes challenged to provide proof of their honorable military service. 
is a simple way to resolve this issue and honor America’s veterans. 
Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ). 
to receive official ID cards through the VA. No longer will veterans be forced to carry around documents that contain sensitive information that puts them at needless risk of identity theft, and it does all this at no cost to the taxpayer. 
example of what can be accomplished when we put partisanship aside and the needs of our country first. 
Vietnam Veterans of America, the Association of the U.S. Navy, American 
Veterans, and others in wholehearted support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 91, the Veterans I.D. Card Act of 2015. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
once again, I encourage all Members to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 91, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the 
rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 91. 
The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the 
opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1531) to amend title 5, United States Code, to provide a pathway for temporary seasonal employees in Federal land management agencies to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, and for other purposes. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act’’. 
title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after chapter 95 the following: 
includes a temporary appointment and a term appointment, as defined by the Office of Personnel Management. 
other provision of law relating to the examination, certification, and appointment of individuals in the competitive service, an employee of a land management agency serving under a timelimited appointment in the competitive service is eligible to compete for a permanent appointment in the competitive service at any land management agency or any other agency (as defined in section 101 of title 31) under the internal merit promotion procedures of the applicable agency if— 
under open, competitive examination under subchapter I of chapter 33 to the timelimited appointment; 
more timelimited appointments by a land management agency for a period or periods totaling more than 24 months without a break of 2 or more years; and 
timelimited employee under this section to be examined for or appointed in the competitive service, the Office of Personnel Management or other examining agency shall waive requirements as to age, unless the requirement is essential to the performance of the duties of the position. 
covered by this section within the period of 2 years after the most recent date of separation; and 
shall prescribe such regulations as may be necessary to carry out this section.’’. 
for part III of title 5, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item for chapter 95 the following: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ) and the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. C ONNOLLY ) 
Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? 
There was no objection. Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Madam 
Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 1531, introduced by our colleague from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). 
The Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act allows certain temporary workers to compete for full time positions when vacancies arise. 
firefighters work on a temporary basis and gain valuable experience as they return year after year to battle Western wildfires. Current law prevents these experienced employees from competing for fulltime jobs under internal merit promotion procedures. 
Federal land agencies to fully consider the applications of experienced workers when they identify the need for a fulltime employee. 
Service, the Bureau of Land Management, the National Park Service, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, and the Bureau of Reclamation. 
number of Federal jobs available or the salaries paid to Federal employees; rather, it expands the pool of individuals eligible for Federal land management positions. 
conditions to be eligible to compete for a fulltime position, including length of service and adherence to performance standards. 
I urge support for this bipartisan legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
strong support of our bipartisan Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act. I want to take a moment to recognize our colleagues, Congressman DON 
most dedicated advocates for the men and women who comprise America’s hardworking temporary civil service, particularly our Nation’s courageous temporary seasonal wildland firefighters. 
colleagues, who have each served as chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee, to develop and introduce this good government legislation. The spirit of bipartisanship that went into creating it is reflected in the equal number of Democratic and Republican cosponsors. 
Committee on Oversight and Government Reform joined us in unanimously supporting this muchneeded reform to 
remove arbitrary barriers that prevent talented, longterm temporary seasonal employees from just competing for vacant permanent positions, as my friend from Georgia described. 
reporting the bill, our legislation will improve government effectiveness by enhancing the quality of the pool of applicants for Federal positions. 
Our commonsense legislation provides longserving, temporary seasonal wildland firefighters and other seasonal employees with the same career advancement opportunities available to all other Federal employees. 
Workforce Flexibility Act authorizes qualifying land management agency employees serving under timelimited appointments to compete for vacant permanent positions under internal merit promotion procedures, just as any permanent Federal employee is eligible to do. 
friend from Georgia indicated, because it only strengthens the pool of individuals eligible to compete for vacant Federal permanent positions. It does not create new positions. 
Budget Office noted, ‘‘CBO estimates that implementing the legislation would have no significant effect on the Federal budget. Enacting the bill would not affect direct spending or revenues because our bipartisan bill would,’’ to quote CBO, ‘‘not change the total number of Federal jobs available.’’ 
As many of my colleagues understand, particularly those Members who represent Western constituencies in America, many Federal land management employees, including wildland firefighters, are often hired under temporary appointments that amount to less than 6 months or 1,040 hours. These individuals, so often called temporary appointments, repeatedly are extended on an annual basis. 
friend from Massachusetts, the former chairman of the Federal Workforce Subcommittee, observed at a 2010 hearing: ‘‘Oftentimes, seasonal temporary employees have worked in the same capacity year after year, decade after decade.’’ 
putting themselves often in harm’s way, career advancement and opportunities are severely limited. It is difficult to overstate the adverse impact the unfair policy of precluding their ability to compete for the same jobs as fulltime Federal employees has on Americans serving under termlimited appointments since many agencies utilize merit promotion to competitively fill nonentrylevel jobs. 
been raised over a status quo where, no matter how long an individual may serve under a termlimited appointment, even one that is originally obtained under open, competitive examination, he or she never can acquire the status that would enable him or her to compete for vacant permanent positions. 
the House Civil Service Subcommittee addressed the illogical inequity of this position at a 1993 hearing, stating: 
Furthermore, there needs to be better access for all temporary employees, not just term employees, to apply for permanent positions within the Federal Government. It is simply unfair that, after years of employment, a temporary employee applying for a permanent position job is no better off than someone off the street applying for a job. Agencies could save large sums of money on education and training by hiring more temporary employees for permanent positions. 
At the same hearing, former Congressman Dan Burton submitted a statement for the RECORD , expressing 
the view: ‘‘One of the best things we can do for temporary employees is to increase their opportunities to compete for permanent positions.’’ 
placed on our Nation’s temporary seasonal employees demoralizes the dedicated and courageous corps of temporary civil servants that serve in land management agencies, and it contributes to increased attrition and, ultimately, leads to higher training costs and a lessexperienced and capable workforce. 
wildfires demonstrated, our country cannot afford to degrade its wildland firefighting and emergency response capabilities that put themselves in harm’s way. Our bipartisan bill is consistent with the Office of Personnel Management’s support for the concept. 
In closing, I strongly urge all my colleagues to support this bipartisan Land Management Workforce Flexibility Act. 
Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER) that the House suspend the rules 
thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. 
unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to 
2822 and that I may include tabular material on the same. 
There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Ms. ROSLEHTINEN  
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose on Thursday, June 25, 2015, an amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BENISHEK ) had been disposed of, and 
the bill had been read through page 76, line 4. 
would encourage Members who have striking amendments to come to the floor immediately. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For necessary expenses of the Forest Service, not otherwise provided for, $357,363,000, to remain available until expended, for construction, capital improvement, maintenance and acquisition of buildings and other facilities and infrastructure; and for construction, reconstruction, decommissioning of roads that are no longer needed, including unauthorized roads that are not part of the transportation system, and maintenance of forest roads and trails by the Forest Service as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 532–538 and 23 U.S.C. 101 and 205: Provided , That $40,000,000 
shall be designated for urgently needed road decommissioning, road and trail repair and maintenance and associated activities, and removal of fish passage barriers, especially in areas where Forest Service roads may be contributing to water quality problems in streams and water bodies which support threatened, endangered, or sensitive species or community water sources: Provided further, That funds becoming available in fiscal 
year 2016 under the Act of March 4, 1913 (16 U.S.C. 501) shall be transferred to the General Fund of the Treasury and shall not be available for transfer or obligation for any other purpose unless the funds are appropriated: Provided further , That of the funds 
provided for decommissioning of roads, up to $14,743,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. 
provisions of the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965, (16 U.S.C. 460l4 et seq.), including administrative expenses, and for acquisition of land or waters, or interest therein, in accordance with statutory authority applicable to the Forest Service, $20,000,000, to be derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund and to remain available until expended. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment takes $1 million out of the Forest Service land acquisition account and then, for technical reasons, inserts it back into the same account with the intent to identify unused land for potential sale. 
The United States Federal Government currently owns around 640 million acres of land. That is just a number. But that is 27 percent of the landmass in the United States, owned by Uncle Sam. That is the same size as all of Western Europe, if you can imagine that, that being 27 percent of the United States landmass. The Forest Service alone owns over 230 million acres of this Federal land. 
it does is to have the Federal Government examine the land that it has in its possession for the potential sale back to Americans so that Americans can own America. 
Forests. We are not talking about the Grand Canyon. We are talking about unused land that is owned by the Federal Government. 
go through that land—27 percent of the landmass in the country—and decide whether some of that might actually be better to be in the possession and the property of Americans so that, if Americans then own the land, that land in some State—like Utah—can then be developed by Americans, and then those people can pay taxes on the land that would go to the State of Utah, for example. Right now the land is unused. It is not able to be productive. 
would do: have the Forest Service study the possibility of selling some of that unused land back to the United States. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For acquisition of lands within the exterior boundaries of the Cache, Uinta, and Wasatch National Forests, Utah; the Toiyabe National Forest, Nevada; and the Angeles, San Bernardino, Sequoia, and Cleveland National Forests, California, as authorized by law, $950,000, to be derived from forest receipts. 
derived from funds deposited by State, county, or municipal governments, public school districts, or other public school authorities, and for authorized expenditures from funds deposited by nonFederal parties pursuant to Land Sale and Exchange Acts, pursuant to the Act of December 4, 1967 (16 U.S.C. 484a), to remain available until expended (16 U.S.C. 460l516–617a, 555a; Public Law 96–586; Public Law 76–589, 76–591; and Public Law 78–310). 
For necessary expenses of the Forest Service to manage Federal lands in Alaska for subsistence uses under title VIII of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act (Public Law 96–487), $2,441,000, to remain available until expended. 
presuppression activities on National Forest System lands, for emergency fire suppression on or adjacent to such lands or other lands under fire protection agreement, hazardous fuels management on or adjacent to such lands, emergency rehabilitation of burned over National Forest System lands and water, and for State and volunteer fire assistance, $2,373,078,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such funds including unobligated balances under this heading, are available for repayment of advances from other appropriations accounts previously transferred for such purposes: Provided further , That such funds shall be 
available to reimburse State and other cooperating entities for services provided in response to wildfire and other emergencies or 
by the Forest Service for nonfire emergencies are fully repaid by the responsible emergency management agency: Provided 
provision of law, $6,914,000 of funds appropriated under this appropriation shall be available for the Forest Service in support of fire science research authorized by the Joint Fire Science Program, including all Forest Service authorities for the use of funds, such as contracts, grants, research joint venture agreements, and cooperative agreements: Provided further , That all authorities for the 
use of funds, including the use of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, available to execute the Forest and Rangeland Research appropriation, are also available in the utilization of these funds for Fire Science Research: Provided further , That 
funds provided shall be available for emergency rehabilitation and restoration, hazardous fuels management activities, support to Federal emergency response, and wildfire suppression activities of the Forest Service: Provided further , That of the funds provided, 
$361,749,000 is for hazardous fuels management activities, $19,795,000 is for research activities and to make competitive research grants pursuant to the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Research Act, (16 U.S.C. 1641 et seq.), $78,000,000 is for State fire assistance, and $13,000,000 is for volunteer fire assistance under section 10 of the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2106): Provided further , That 
amounts in this paragraph may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’, and ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ accounts to fund forest and rangeland research, the Joint Fire Science Program, vegetation and watershed management, heritage site rehabilitation, and wildlife and fish habitat management and restoration: Provided further , 
That the costs of implementing any cooperative agreement between the Federal Government and any nonFederal entity may be shared, as mutually agreed on by the affected parties: Provided further , That up to 
$15,000,000 of the funds provided herein may be used by the Secretary of Agriculture to enter into procurement contracts or cooperative agreements or to issue grants for hazardous fuels management activities and for training or monitoring associated with such hazardous fuels management activities on Federal land or on nonFederal land if the Secretary determines such activities implement a community wildfire protection plan (or equivalent) and benefit resources on Federal land: Provided further , That funds made 
available to implement the Community Forest Restoration Act, Public Law 106–393, title VI, shall be available for use on nonFederal lands in accordance with authorities made available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation: Provided further , That the Secretary of the 
Interior and the Secretary of Agriculture may authorize the transfer of funds appropriated for wildland fire management, in an aggregate amount not to exceed $50,000,000, between the Departments when such transfers would facilitate and expedite wildland fire management programs and projects: Provided further , That of the funds provided for 
hazardous fuels management, not to exceed $5,000,000 may be used to make grants, using any authorities available to the Forest Service under the ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ appropriation, for the purpose of creating incentives for increased use of biomass from National Forest System lands: Provided further, That funds designated for wildfire suppression, including funds transferred from the ‘‘FLAME Wildfire Suppression Reserve Fund’’, shall be assessed for cost pools on the same basis as such assessments are calculated against other agency programs: Provided further , That of the funds for hazardous 
fuels management, up to $28,077,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘National Forest System’’ to support the Integrated Resource Restoration pilot program. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
approximately 3,000 deaths, 17,000 injuries, and $3 billion spent annually as a result of wildfires across the country. 
with nearly every other natural disaster and are hugely underfunded when it comes to mitigation, prevention, and suppression. 
in rural communities with smaller populations, wildfires demand intensive resources, equipment, and infrastructure. 
program is critical to moving the needle on wildfire management and supporting the men and women who serve in our volunteer fire agencies, including in my district in Colorado. Though this grant program is small and oriented towards lesser trafficked communities, its impact is incredible. 
The Volunteer Fire Assistance program provides matching funds to volunteer fire departments protecting communities with 10,000 or fewer residents to purchase equipment and training for use in wildland fire suppression. 
nearly 80 percent of the initial attack on wildfires across the United States, but, unfortunately, these volunteer fire departments frequently lack the financial resources. And $1 million makes an enormous difference for our volunteer fire departments across the country. 
Unfortunately, in recent years, Federal funding for volunteer fire departments to prepare for wildland fire suppression has dwindled. VFA has seen funding reduced from $16 million in FY 2010 to $15.6 million in 2011 and approximately $13 million in FY 2012–2015. 
Additionally, the Rural Fire Assistance program, which has historically been funded at $7 to $10 million per year and provided matching grants to fire departments that agreed to assist in responding to wildland fires on Federal lands, hasn’t been funded since FY 2010. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I withdraw my reservation of a point of order. 
support is critical to ensure volunteer fire departments are able to safely and effectively respond to wildland fires. 
today with my colleagues, Representatives RUIZof California and P ETER  
that we have stronger support for our volunteer fire departments across our country. 
amendment that has been supported by the Congressional Fire Service Institute, the International Association of Fire Chiefs, and National Volunteer Fire Council. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
For necessary expenses for large fire suppression operations of the Department of Agriculture and as a reserve fund for suppression and Federal emergency response activities, $315,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That such amounts are 
only available for transfer to the ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ account following a declaration by the Secretary in accordance with section 502 of the FLAME Act of 2009 (43 U.S.C. 1748a). 
the Forest Service may be transferred to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for forest firefighting, emergency rehabilitation of burnedover or damaged lands or waters under its jurisdiction, and fire preparedness due to severe burning conditions upon the Secretary’s notification of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations that all fire suppression funds appropriated under the headings ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’ 
Fund’’ will be obligated within 30 days: Provided , That all funds used pursuant to this 
paragraph must be replenished by a supplemental appropriation which must be requested as promptly as possible. 
shall be available for assistance to or through the Agency for International Development in connection with forest and rangeland research, technical information, and assistance in foreign countries, and shall be available to support forestry and related natural resource activities outside the United States and its territories and possessions, including technical assistance, education and training, and cooperation with U.S., private, and international organizations. The Forest Service, acting for the International Program, may sign direct funding agreements with foreign governments and institutions as well as other domestic agencies (including the U.S. Agency for International Development, the Department of State, and the Millennium Challenge Corporation), U.S. private sector firms, institutions and organizations to provide technical assistance and training programs overseas on forestry and rangeland management. 
shall be available for expenditure or transfer to the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management, for removal, preparation, and adoption of excess wild horses and burros from National Forest System lands, and for the performance of cadastral surveys to designate the boundaries of such lands. 
Service may be reprogrammed without the advance approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations in accordance with the reprogramming procedures contained in the report accompanying this Act. 
to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Agriculture and not more than $14,500,000 of funds available to the Forest Service shall be transferred to the Department of Agriculture for Department Reimbursable Programs, commonly referred to as Greenbook charges. Nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit or limit the use of reimbursable agreements requested by the Forest Service in order to obtain services from the Department of Agriculture’s National Information Technology Center and the Department of Agriculture’s International Technology Service. 
Of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $5,000,000 shall be available for priority projects within the scope of the approved budget, which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps and shall be carried out under the authority of the Public Lands Corps Act of 1993, Public Law 103–82, as amended by Public Lands Corps Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2005, Public Law 109–154. 
Of the funds available to the Forest Service, $4,000 is available to the Chief of the Forest Service for official reception and representation expenses. 
Public Law 101–593, of the funds available to the Forest Service, up to $3,000,000 may be advanced in a lump sum to the National Forest Foundation to aid conservation partnership projects in support of the Forest Service mission, without regard to when the Foundation incurs expenses, for projects on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided , 
That of the Federal funds made available to the Foundation, no more than $300,000 shall be available for administrative expenses: Provided further , That the Foundation shall 
obtain, by the end of the period of Federal financial assistance, private contributions to match on at least oneforone basis funds made available by the Forest Service: Provided further , That the Foundation may 
transfer Federal funds to a Federal or a non Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non Federal matching funds. 
98–244, up to $3,000,000 of the funds available to the Forest Service may be advanced to the National Fish and Wildlife Foundation in a lump sum to aid costshare conservation projects, without regard to when expenses are incurred, on or benefitting National Forest System lands or related to Forest Service programs: Provided , That such funds shall be 
matched on at least a oneforone basis by the Foundation or its subrecipients: Provided further , That the Foundation may 
transfer Federal funds to a Federal or non Federal recipient for a project at the same rate that the recipient has obtained the non Federal matching funds. 
shall be available for interactions with and providing technical assistance to rural communities and natural resourcebased businesses for sustainable rural development purposes. 
to exceed $55,000,000, shall be assessed for the purpose of performing fire, administrative and other facilities maintenance and decommissioning. Such assessments shall occur using a square foot rate charged on the same basis the agency uses to assess programs for payment of rent, utilities, and other support services. 
law, any appropriations or funds available to the Forest Service not to exceed $500,000 may be used to reimburse the Office of the General Counsel (OGC), Department of Agriculture, for travel and related expenses incurred as a result of OGC assistance or participation requested by the Forest Service at meetings, training sessions, management reviews, land purchase negotiations and similar nonlitigationrelated matters. Future budget justifications for both the Forest Service and the Department of Agriculture should clearly display the sums previously transferred and the requested funding transfers. 
any project funded under title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (42 U.S.C. 3056 et seq.) and administered by the Forest Service shall be considered to be a Federal employee for purposes of chapter 171 of title 28, United States Code. 
tribes and tribal organizations through contracts, grant agreements, or any other agreements or compacts authorized by the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), shall be deemed to be obligated at the time of the grant or contract award and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That, $935,726,000 for Purchased/ 
Referred Care, including $51,500,000 for the Indian Catastrophic Health Emergency Fund, shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That, of the funds provided, 
up to $36,000,000 shall remain available until expended for implementation of the loan repayment program under section 108 of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act: Provided 
funds provided in this Act may be used for annual contracts and grants that fall within 2 fiscal years, provided the total obligation is recorded in the year the funds are appropriated: Provided further , That the amounts 
collected by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under the authority of title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall remain available until expended for the purpose of achieving compliance with the applicable conditions and requirements of titles XVIII and XIX of the Social Security Act, except for those related to the planning, design, or construction of new facilities: Provided further , That funding contained 
herein for scholarship programs under the Indian Health Care Improvement Act (25 U.S.C. 1613) shall remain available until expended: Provided further , That amounts received by tribes and tribal organizations 
under title IV of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act shall be reported and accounted for and available to the receiving tribes and tribal organizations until expended: Provided further , That the Bureau of 
Indian Affairs may collect from the Indian Health Service, tribes and tribal organizations operating health facilities pursuant to Public Law 93–638, such individually identifiable health information relating to disabled children as may be necessary for the purpose of carrying out its functions under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (20 U.S.C. 1400, et seq.): Provided further , That 
the Indian Health Care Improvement Fund may be used, as needed, to carry out activities typically funded under the Indian Health Facilities account: Provided further , That 
$717,970,000 shall be for payments to Indian tribes and tribal organizations for contract support costs associated with contracts, grants, selfgovernance compacts, or annual funding agreements between the Indian Health Service and an Indian tribe or tribal organization pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450 et seq.) prior to or during fiscal 
For construction, repair, maintenance, improvement, and equipment of health and related auxiliary facilities, including quarters for personnel; preparation of plans, specifications, and drawings; acquisition of sites, purchase and erection of modular buildings, and purchases of trailers; and for provision of domestic and community sanitation facilities for Indians, as authorized by section 7 of the Act of August 5, 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2004a), the Indian SelfDetermination Act, and the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, and for expenses necessary to carry out such Acts and titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act with respect to environmental health and facilities support activities of the Indian Health Service, $466,329,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated for the planning, design, construction, renovation or expansion of health facilities for the benefit of an Indian tribe or tribes may be used to purchase land on which such facilities will be located: Provided 
further , That not to exceed $500,000 may be 
used by the Indian Health Service to purchase TRANSAM equipment from the Department of Defense for distribution to the 
Indian Health Service and tribal facilities: Provided further , That none of the funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service may be used for sanitation facilities construction for new homes funded with grants by the housing programs of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development: Provided further , That not to exceed 
$2,700,000 from this account and the ‘‘Indian Health Services’’ account may be used by the Indian Health Service to obtain ambulances for the Indian Health Service and tribal facilities in conjunction with an existing interagency agreement between the Indian Health Service and the General Services Administration: Provided further , That not to 
exceed $500,000 may be placed in a Demolition Fund, to remain available until expended, and be used by the Indian Health Service for the demolition of Federal buildings. 
Indian Health Service shall be available for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109 at rates not to exceed the per diem rate equivalent to the maximum rate payable for senior level positions under 5 U.S.C. 5376; hire of passenger motor vehicles and aircraft; purchase of medical equipment; purchase of reprints; purchase, renovation and erection of modular buildings and renovation of existing facilities; payments for telephone service in private residences in the field, when authorized under regulations approved by the Secretary; uniforms or allowances therefor as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 5901–5902; and for expenses of attendance at meetings that relate to the functions or activities of the Indian Health Service: Provided , That in accordance 
with the provisions of the Indian Health Care Improvement Act, nonIndian patients may be extended health care at all tribally administered or Indian Health Service facilities, subject to charges, and the proceeds along with funds recovered under the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651– 2653) shall be credited to the account of the facility providing the service and shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That notwithstanding any 
other law or regulation, funds transferred from the Department of Housing and Urban Development to the Indian Health Service shall be administered under Public Law 86– 121, the Indian Sanitation Facilities Act and 
funds appropriated to the Indian Health Service in this Act, except those used for administrative and program direction purposes, shall not be subject to limitations directed at curtailing Federal travel and transportation: Provided further , That none of the 
funds made available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used for any assessments or charges by the Department of Health and Human Services unless identified in the budget justification and provided in this Act, or approved by the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations through the reprogramming process: Provided further , 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds previously or herein made available to a tribe or tribal organization through a contract, grant, or agreement authorized by title I or title V of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act of 1975 (25 U.S.C. 450), may be deobligated and reobligated to a selfdetermination contract under title I, or a selfgovernance agreement under title V of such Act and thereafter shall remain available to the tribe or tribal organization without fiscal year limitation: Provided further , That none of the funds made 
available to the Indian Health Service in this Act shall be used to implement the final rule published in the Federal Register on September 16, 1987, by the Department of Health and Human Services, relating to the eligibility for the health care services of the Indian Health Service until the Indian Health Service has submitted a budget request reflecting the increased costs associated with the proposed final rule, and such request has been included in an appropriations Act and enacted into law: Provided further , That with 
respect to functions transferred by the Indian Health Service to tribes or tribal organizations, the Indian Health Service is authorized to provide goods and services to those entities on a reimbursable basis, including payments in advance with subsequent adjustment, and the reimbursements received therefrom, along with the funds received from those entities pursuant to the Indian SelfDetermination Act, may be credited to the same or subsequent appropriation account from which the funds were originally derived, with such amounts to remain available until expended: Provided further , 
That reimbursements for training, technical assistance, or services provided by the Indian Health Service will contain total costs, including direct, administrative, and overhead associated with the provision of goods, services, or technical assistance: Provided further, That the appropriation structure for 
the Indian Health Service may not be altered without advance notification to the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided further , That the Indian Health 
Service shall develop a strategic plan for the Urban Indian Health program in consultation with urban Indians and the National Academy of Public Administration, and shall publish such plan not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act. 
For necessary expenses to continue functions assigned to the Council on Environmental Quality and Office of Environmental Quality pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969, the Environmental Quality Improvement Act of 1970, and Reorganization Plan No. 1 of 1977, and not to exceed $750 for official reception and representation expenses, $3,000,000: Provided , 
That notwithstanding section 202 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1970, the Council shall consist of one member, appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, serving as chairman and exercising all powers, functions, and duties of the Council. 
That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the individual appointed to the position of Inspector General of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) shall, by virtue of such appointment, also hold the position of Inspector General of the Board: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Inspector General of the Board shall utilize personnel of the Office of Inspector General of EPA in performing the duties of the Inspector General of the Board, and shall not appoint any individuals to positions within the Board. 
Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation as authorized by Public Law 93–531, $7,341,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , 
That funds provided in this or any other appropriations Act are to be used to relocate eligible individuals and groups including evictees from District 6, Hopipartitioned lands residents, those in significantly substandard housing, and all others certified as eligible and not included in the preceding categories: Provided further , That none of the 
funds contained in this or any other Act may be used by the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation to evict any single Navajo or Navajo family who, as of November 30, 1985, was physically domiciled on the lands partitioned to the Hopi Tribe unless a new or replacement home is provided for such household: Provided further , That no relocatee will 
be provided with more than one new or replacement home: Provided further , That the 
Office shall relocate any certified eligible relocatees who have selected and received an approved homesite on the Navajo reservation or selected a replacement residence off the Navajo reservation or on the land acquired pursuant to 25 U.S.C. 640d10: Provided further, That $200,000 shall be transferred to the 
Office of Inspector General of the Department of the Interior, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations of the Office of Navajo and Hopi Indian Relocation, consistent with the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.). 
Indian and Alaska Native Culture and Arts Development, as authorized by title XV of Public Law 99–498 (20 U.S.C. 56 part A), $9,469,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. 
Institution, as authorized by law, including research in the fields of art, science, and history; development, preservation, and documentation of the National Collections; presentation of public exhibits and performances; collection, preparation, dissemination, and exchange of information and publications; conduct of education, training, and museum assistance programs; maintenance, alteration, operation, lease agreements of no more than 30 years, and protection of buildings, facilities, and approaches; not to exceed $100,000 for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; and purchase, rental, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for employees, $680,422,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, except as otherwise provided herein; of which not to exceed $47,522,000 for the instrumentation program, collections acquisition, exhibition reinstallation, the National Museum of African American History and Culture, and the repatriation of skeletal remains program shall remain available until expended; and including such funds as may be necessary to support American overseas research centers: Provided , That funds appropriated herein are available for advance payments to independent contractors performing research services or participating in official Smithsonian presentations. 
For necessary expenses of repair, revitalization, and alteration of facilities owned or occupied by the Smithsonian Institution, by contract or otherwise, as authorized by section 2 of the Act of August 22, 1949 (63 Stat. 623), and for construction, including necessary personnel, $139,119,000, to remain available until expended, of which not to exceed $10,000 shall be for services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109. 
For the upkeep and operations of the National Gallery of Art, the protection and care of the works of art therein, and administrative expenses incident thereto, as authorized by the Act of March 24, 1937 (50 Stat. 51), as amended by the public resolution of April 13, 1939 (Public Resolution 9, Seventy sixth Congress), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109; payment in advance when authorized by the treasurer of the Gallery for membership in library, museum, and art associations or societies whose publications or services are available to members only, or to members at a price lower than to the general public; purchase, repair, and cleaning of uniforms for guards, and uniforms, or allowances therefor, for other employees as authorized by law (5 U.S.C. 5901– 5902); purchase or rental of devices and services for protecting buildings and contents thereof, and maintenance, alteration, improvement, and repair of buildings, approaches, and grounds; and purchase of services for restoration and repair of works of art for the National Gallery of Art by contracts made, without advertising, with individuals, firms, or organizations at such rates or prices and under such terms and conditions as the Gallery may deem proper, $119,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017, of which not to exceed $3,578,000 for the special exhibition program shall remain available until expended. 
For necessary expenses of repair, restoration and renovation of buildings, grounds and facilities owned or occupied by the National Gallery of Art, by contract or otherwise, for operating lease agreements of no more than 10 years, with no extensions or renewals beyond the 10 years, that address space needs created by the ongoing renovations in the Master Facilities Plan, as authorized, $19,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided , That contracts 
awarded for environmental systems, protection systems, and exterior repair or renovation of buildings of the National Gallery of Art may be negotiated with selected contractors and awarded on the basis of contractor qualifications as well as price. 
maintenance and security of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $21,660,000. 
and restoration of the existing features of the building and site of the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts, $11,140,000, to remain available until expended. 
provisions of the Woodrow Wilson Memorial Act of 1968 (82 Stat. 1356) including hire of passenger vehicles and services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $10,420,000, to remain available until September 30, 2017. NATIONAL FOUNDATION ON THE ARTS AND THE  
National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities Act of 1965, $146,021,000 shall be available to the National Endowment for the Arts for the support of projects and productions in the arts, including arts education and public outreach activities, through assistance to organizations and individuals pursuant to section 5 of the Act, for program support, and for administering the functions of the Act, to remain available until expended. 
None of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used to process any grant or contract documents which do not include the text of 18 U.S.C. 1913: Provided , That none 
of the funds appropriated to the National Foundation on the Arts and the Humanities may be used for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , That 
funds from nonappropriated sources may be used as necessary for official reception and representation expenses: Provided further , 
That the Chairperson of the National Endowment for the Arts may approve grants of up to $10,000, if in the aggregate the amount of such grants does not exceed 5 percent of the sums appropriated for grantmaking purposes per year: Provided further , That such small 
grant actions are taken pursuant to the terms of an expressed and direct delegation of authority from the National Council on the Arts to the Chairperson. 
Arts under Chapter 91 of title 40, United States Code, $2,524,000: Provided , That the 
Commission is authorized to charge fees to cover the full costs of its publications, and such fees shall be credited to this account as an offsetting collection, to remain available until expended without further appropriation: Provided further , That the Commission 
is authorized to accept gifts, including objects, papers, artwork, drawings and artifacts, that pertain to the history and design of the Nation’s Capital or the history and activities of the Commission of Fine Arts, for the purpose of artistic display, study or education. 
Capital Planning Commission under chapter 87 of title 40, United States Code, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, $7,948,000: Provided , That onequarter of 1 
percent of the funds provided under this heading may be used for official reception and representational expenses associated with hosting international visitors engaged in the planning and physical development of world capitals. 
Museum, as authorized by Public Law 106–292 (36 U.S.C. 2301–2310), $52,385,000, of which $865,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2018, for the Museum’s equipment replacement program; and of which $2,200,000 for the Museum’s repair and rehabilitation program and $1,264,000 for the Museum’s outreach initiatives program shall remain available until expended. 
the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended to accept or process applications for a patent for any mining or mill site claim located under the general mining laws. 
may be, were fully complied with by the applicant by that date. 
of the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235) shall continue in effect in fiscal year 2016. 
fiscal year 2016 under the headings ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service, Indian Health Services’’ and ‘‘Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and Bureau of Indian Education, Operation of Indian Programs’’ are the only amounts available for contract support costs arising out of selfdetermination or selfgovernance contracts, grants, compacts, or annual funding agreements for fiscal year 2016 with the Bureau of Indian Affairs or the Indian Health Service: Provided , That such 
amounts provided by this Act are not available for payment of claims for contract support costs for prior years, or for repayments of payments for settlements or judgments awarding contract support costs for prior years. 
if the Secretary is not acting expeditiously and in good faith, within the funding available, to revise a plan for a unit of the National Forest System, this section shall be void with respect to such plan and a court of proper jurisdiction may order completion of the plan on an accelerated basis. 
be expended to conduct preleasing, leasing and related activities under either the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 181 et seq.) or the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act (43 U.S.C. 1331 et seq.) within the boundaries of a National Monument established pursuant to the Act of June 8, 1906 (16 U.S.C. 431 et seq.) as such boundary existed on January 20, 2001, 
except where such activities are allowed under the Presidential proclamation establishing such monument. 
no funds appropriated in this Act for the acquisition of lands or interests in lands may be expended for the filing of declarations of taking or complaints in condemnation without the approval of the House and Senate Committees on Appropriations: Provided , 
That this provision shall not apply to funds appropriated to implement the Everglades National Park Protection and Expansion Act of 1989, or to funds appropriated for Federal assistance to the State of Florida to acquire lands for Everglades restoration purposes. 
10 shall be advertised if the indicated rate is deficit (defined as the value of the timber is not sufficient to cover all logging and stumpage costs and provide a normal profit and risk allowance under the Forest Service’s appraisal process) when appraised using a residual value appraisal. The western red cedar timber from those sales which is surplus to the needs of the domestic processors in Alaska, shall be made available to domestic processors in the contiguous 48 United States at prevailing domestic prices. All additional western red cedar volume not sold to Alaska or contiguous 48 United States domestic 
processors may be exported to foreign markets at the election of the timber sale holder. All Alaska yellow cedar may be sold at prevailing export prices at the election of the timber sale holder. 
otherwise made available by this Act to executive branch agencies may be used to enter into any Federal contract unless such contract is entered into in accordance with the requirements of chapter 33 of title 41, United States Code, or chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, and the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless— 
contract to be entered into without regard for these requirements, including formula grants for States, or federally recognized Indian tribes; or 
grant to an individual if such grant is awarded to such individual for a literature fellowship, National Heritage Fellowship, or American Jazz Masters Fellowship. 
means a population of individuals, including urban minorities, who have historically been outside the purview of arts and humanities programs due to factors such as a high incidence of income below the poverty line or to geographic isolation. 
carry out section 5 of the National Foundation on the Arts and Humanities Act of 1965— 
category for projects, productions, workshops, or programs that are of national impact or availability or are able to tour several States; 
of grants to improve and support communitybased music performance and education. 
the Environmental Protection Agency, the Forest Service, and the Indian Health Service shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate quarterly reports on the status of balances of appropriations including all uncommitted, committed, and unobligated 
date on which the President’s fiscal year 2017 budget request is submitted to the Congress, the President shall submit a comprehensive report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing in detail all Federal agency funding, domestic and international, for climate change programs, projects, and activities in fiscal years 2015 and 2016, including an accounting of funding by agency with each agency identifying climate change programs, projects, and activities and associated costs by line item as presented in the President’s Budget Appendix, and including citations and linkages where practicable to each strategic plan that is driving funding within each climate change program, project, and activity listed in the report. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
overwhelming scientific consensus is that climate change is real. Leaders of the communities of faith, such as His Holiness the Pope, are now urging us to take this issue very seriously. 
industry whispers that we have nothing to worry about, no matter how much manufactured science they gin up to create doubt, climate change is real. 
costs of climate change decades ago, but we did not. The legislation before us today would require a report on climate change expenditures. But the purpose of this section is not to assess the impacts of climate change; the purpose is to root out climate funding in the budget, so that next year’s Interior bill can prohibit that spending. 
as written is not only pointless, it is counterproductive. The Obama administration is open about responding to climate change. Most of their climate expenditures are clearly labeled and can be discovered by simply reading their budget request. For the remainder, I would be happy to write the President asking him to list these programs, and I suspect he would be pleased to answer. 
As written, this reporting requirement is a waste of time. We should be instead asking the administration to report back to us on the costs of climate change to our health, our environment, and our economy. 
issued a report showing that its efforts to reduce air pollution and climate change—efforts opposed by House Republicans, I might add—would provide 
billions of dollars in health benefits and save hundreds of thousands of lives. 
National Park Service showed that $90 billion of National Park resources are at risk from sea level rise caused by global warming, and we all know about the historic drought in California and the lingering costs of recovery from Superstorm Sandy. 
inaction would help inform the Congress and the American people about what steps we must take immediately to ensure that climate change does not bring our country to its knees. Unfortunately, this bill does not ask for that assessment. 
my amendment would strike would undertake some kind of witch hunt to root out the meager funding we have in place to respond to this challenge. To support this section is to deny climate change. 
constituent services you provide, all the money you can raise, the votes you cast, and the laws you pass will amount to nothing if you are on the wrong side of history on climate change. Climate deniers will join a long list of political figures who failed to respond to the most serious challenge of their time and so are labeled as failures for all time. 
amendment to strike the reporting language in the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
provision shouldn’t be controversial. The language has been included in our enacted bills on a bipartisan basis since 2010. The language simply requires that programs and activities dedicated to climate change are reported in a transparent way so the American people know what we are spending their tax dollars on. 
With so many climate change programs being initiated, it is important to know what is being done across the government to avoid redundancy, and there is certainly a significant amount of redundancy in some of these climate change studies. It is in the bill so the committee can have the information it needs to provide critical oversight. 
to join me in opposing this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
in this Act or any other Act may be used to 
promulgate or implement any regulation requiring the issuance of permits under title V of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7661 et seq.) for carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, water vapor, or methane emissions resulting from biological processes associated with livestock production. 
Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) is amended by striking ‘‘10 years after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘on September 30, 2017’’. 
by this or any other Act may be used to regulate the lead content of ammunition, ammunition components, or fishing tackle under the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.) or any other law. 
in this Act or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations and guidance in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251, et seq.), including the provisions of the rules dated November 13, 1986, and August 25, 1993, relating to said jurisdiction, and the guidance documents dated January 15, 2003, and December 2, 2008, relating to said jurisdiction. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise today to offer an amendment that would strike section 422 from the underlying bill. In doing so, this amendment would allow the EPA and the Army to implement the waters of the United States rule. This rule will ensure protection for the Nation’s public health and aquatic resources and will clarify the scope of the waters of the United States protected under this law. 
to undermine efforts to protect the Great Lakes as well as other critical 
water bodies around the Nation. We cannot afford to delay years of work by the EPA and the Army Corps of Engineers that would enhance the protection of our Nation’s aquatic resources and public health. 
to support my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
comes as no surprise that I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
In 2006, the Supreme Court determined the EPA and the Corps of Engineers did not have the authority to regulate nonnavigable waters under the Clean Water Act. 
I am certain the EPA’s final rule violates that. From day one, the EPA claimed that they were not expanding the waters under their jurisdiction, but we now know that those permits will be required and that the final rule is worse than proposed. 
lawsuits challenging the legality of EPA’s rule, so the Agency again finds itself on shaky legal ground, both on process and substance. 
authority of the States by preventing the EPA from implementing its regulation and expanding its jurisdiction. The language needs to stay in, so I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the amendment. 
good reason. Everybody assumes that the waters are not covered under the Clean Water Act, that being the navigable waters. That is a definition they came up with somehow—I don’t know— but that they are unregulated waters. 
They are regulated by the States. When the court said, ‘‘Navigable waters is kind of an elusive term, so maybe you ought to redefine it,’’ the EPA said, ‘‘Okay, we will just regulate all the waters,’’ and that is what they did with this. They have gone way beyond whatever the intent of the Clean Water Act was. 
most agricultural groups, everybody else disagrees with what the EPA has done on this new rule that they are writing. The fact that they have expanded their authority into areas far beyond what was intended in the Clean Water Act, I think, goes beyond the pale and goes beyond what Congress originally intended under the Clean Water Act. We are not talking about leaving 
waters unregulated; they are just being regulated by the States, and they need to start over in writing this rule. 
Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
you tell me how much time I have remaining? 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), my 
amendment to strike the section prohibiting the new rule on the Federal jurisdiction of the waters of the United States. 
A few weeks ago, the Obama administration issued a final rule that clarifies the limits of Federal authority under the Clean Water Act. It does this by reducing red tape and providing more certainty for the regulated community. 
determinations about where waters are covered, the rule says physical, measurable boundaries for the first time about where clean water coverage begins and ends. 
covered. In fact, it will actually reduce the scope of waters protected by the Clean Water Act. 
any new permitting requirements for agriculture. It maintains all previous exemptions and exclusions. 
The rule ensures that the waters protected under the Clean Water Act are more precisely defined and predictably measured, making permitting less costly, easier, and faster for business and industry. 
Prohibiting the EPA from implementing the rule will only perpetrate confusion in the jurisdiction of the water. 
therefore, I urge my colleagues to support the Lawrence amendment. 
oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment as it seeks to strip a commonsense provision included in the base bill that will protect the American people from the EPA’s new waters of the U.S. regulation, commonly referred to as WOTUS. 
that will have disastrous effects and economic consequences for agriculture, small business, property owners, municipalities, and other water users throughout the country. 
grab being imposed by Washington bureaucrats is a dream killer for future generations and local economies. The EPA claims this new regulation was 
learned that the EPA used taxpayer dollars to unleash a propaganda campaign in an attempt to rally comments and support for this WOTUS regulation, despite the AntiLobbying Act which bans such actions. 
Furthermore, States and local governments that have traditionally managed these waterways and activities were not included in drafting the WOTUS regulation. The Agency failed to comply with the Regulatory Flexibility Act as required by Federal law and consider the new impact that the WOTUS regulations would have on small businesses. 
in law; yet this overreaching regulation contradicts prior Supreme Court decisions by expanding Agency control over 60 percent of our country’s streams and millions of acres of wetlands that were previously nonjurisdictional. 
Despite claiming the WOTUS rule reduces Agency jurisdiction, the final regulation imposes new regulations for navigable waters and their tributaries, potholes, ditches, bays, and even 
built on a foundation of pseudoscience, deception, and lawlessness. This overreach is so extreme that 24 Members of the President’s own party joined Members in the House in passing legislation in May calling for the formal withdrawal of the new WOTUS regulation. 
For these reasons and more, I strongly oppose the gentlewoman’s amendment and urge its defeat. 
opposition to this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
would really urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
The rule does not create any new permitting requirements for the agriculture and maintains all previous exemptions and exclusions. The rule ensures that waters protected under the Clean Water Act are more precisely defined and particularly determine making permitting less costly, easier, and faster for business and industry. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDWARDS. Madam Chair, I think the 
American public must be quite confused about what we are currently debating in this Chamber. 
strikes section 422 which prevents funds from being used to ‘‘develop, adopt, implement, administer or enforce any change . . . pertaining to the definition of waters under the jurisdiction’’ of the Clean Water Act (CWA). 
I would like to remind the other side that, 
thanks to the Clean Water Act, billions of pounds of pollution have been kept out of our rivers, and the number of waters that now meet clean water goals nationwide has actually doubled with direct benefits for drinking water, public health, recreation, and wildlife. 
This is especially true for my home State of 
Maryland that is within the sixState Chesapeake Bay Watershed. The Chesapeake Bay Watershed is fed by 
110,000 miles of creeks, rivers, and streams; covers 64,000 square miles; includes over 11,500 miles of shorelines; contains 150 major rivers and streams; and is home to over 17 million people. 
14–1, the largest of any coastal water body in the world. 
Several of its tributaries, including the Anacostia, the Patuxent, Potomac, and Severn Rivers flow through the Fourth Congressional District. 70 percent of Marylanders get our drinking water from sources that rely on headwater or seasonal streams. 
third of the total population, get our water from these waters. 
However, due to the two Supreme Court decisions, there is, in fact, widespread confusion as to what falls under the protection of the Clean Water Act. 
That is precisely why the Obama administration finalized their rule clarifying the limits of Federal jurisdiction under the Act on May 27, 2015. 
The agencies finalized the clean water protection rule after over a year of public outreach on their then proposed rule at a scale unprecedented in the history of the Clean Water Act, as well as countless congressional hearings. 
through the final rulemaking, which has been years in the making. 
the Federal Government to do 14 years ago with the 2001 SWANCC decision and, subsequently, the 2006 Rapanos case. 
the Bush administration followed the exact same process in issuing two guidance documents in 2003 and 2008. 
Up until the final rule issued just over a 
documents that have compounded the confusion, uncertainty, and increased compliance costs faced by our constituents—opponents and proponents alike—who all just say they want clarity. 
You don’t actually have to take my word for 
made by the American Farm Bureau Federation, something I don’t do all that often: ‘‘With no clear regulatory definitions to guide their determinations, what has emerged is a hodgepodge of ad hoc and inconsistent jurisdictional theories.’’ 
We all agree that it is confusing. That is why it was so important that this administration finish what the Bush administration started and failed to do, and that is publish a final rule that gives stakeholders the clarity they have been seeking for 14 years. 
for increased clarity and certainty from certain stakeholders, my colleagues have made it a priority to prohibit the implementation of the final clean water rulemaking entirely. 
It is really clear that what they want to do 
is stop these agencies from doing their jobs at all—no new rules and no clean water, what a 
shame for our natural resources, our public health, and our environment. 
Edwards amendment to strike this harmful and shameful provision. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Beginning at page 122, line 23, strike section 423. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would allow the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement to continue to develop regulations designed to protect communities and the environment from the devastating effects of mountaintop removal mining. 
If you have seen a picture of a mountaintop removal mining site, you get an idea of how destructive this process is. Companies literally blast the tops off of mountains, scoop out the coal, and dump what used to be the mountaintop into the valley below. The scars on the landscape are unmistakable, as are the piles of rock filling in what used to be mountain valleys and streams. 
the health impacts on the people living nearby, although those are just as real and just as terrible. People who live near mountaintop mining sites have higher rates of lung cancer, heart disease, kidney disease, birth defects, hypertension, and other health related problems. 
Despite some confusion in the Natural Resources Committee just last month, these results are statistically corrected for rates of smoking, obesity, and other factors. 
years ago, one of the preeminent scientific journals in the world, pointed 
with valley fills ‘‘revealed serious environmental impacts that mitigation practices cannot successfully address,’’ that ‘‘water emerges from the base of valley fills containing a variety of solutes toxic and damaging to biota,’’ and ‘‘recovery of biodiversity in mining wasteimpacted streams has not been documented.’’ 
coal mining, streams are supposed to be protected; but the existing regulations, which are over 30 years old, have done a poor job of doing just that. Over 2,000 miles of streams have been buried by mountaintop removal mining, and countless more have been polluted by toxic mine runoff. Wildlife habitat is destroyed; fish are killed, and the people in the area suffer. 
been working for years on a new rule that would do a better job of protecting streams. It has taken longer than I would like for them to propose this rule, and the process has certainly not gone as smoothly as it could have. 
process to argue that there shouldn’t be a rule at all. Never mind that their own partisan investigation delayed this rule for years without uncovering any evidence of political misconduct. 
rule will cause huge job losses, but the draft rule hasn’t even been published yet, so we can’t possibly know the impacts, and the Director of the Office of Surface Mining says the job losses will be minor at best. 
him—and I suspect they might not— they should wait until the draft rule comes out and there can be independent analysis of the impacts, not just wild exaggerations that the mining industry will produce, but real, independent analysis. 
rule at that point, we can hold hearings. We can try to pass constructive laws that protect the environment and human health and workers all at the same time. 
A partisan rider in this bill that completely stops the ability of the administration to work on this stream buffer 
rule to provide badly needed protections to Appalachian communities is the wrong way to go. 
spending. In fact, it would just result in the waste of all the money that was required to get to this very point. 
The rider is bad policy; it is bad for 
the environment, and it is bad for public health and the health of the people living near these mines. 
amendment that would allow the stream protection rule to see the light of day. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, in 2008, 
the Office of Surface Mining finalized revisions to the stream zone buffer rule in an open and transparent manner. After taking office, the Obama administration put a hold on the rule and is currently writing a new rule. 
the new rule has been anything but collaborative and inclusive, and many States feel they have been shut out of the process. When Chairman ROGERS  
required advanced analysis on job impacts, his request was ignored. 
openness and transparency from their government, and that is why this funding prohibition must remain in the base bill. 
Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
None of the funds made available by this or any other Act for any fiscal year may be used to prohibit the use of or access to Federal land (as such term is defined in section 3 of the Healthy Forests Restoration Act of 2003 (16 U.S.C. 6502)) for hunting, fishing, or recreational shooting if such use or access— 
resource management plan (as defined in section 101 of such Act (16 U.S.C. 6511)) applicable to such Federal land as of January 1, 2013. 
section shall be construed as affecting the authority, jurisdiction, or responsibility of the several States to manage, control, or regulate fish and resident wildlife under State law or regulations. 
by this Act may be used to further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystembased management components of the National Ocean Policy developed under Executive Order 13547. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
Beginning at page 124, line 17, strike section 425. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
3 years ago, Superstorm Sandy caught millions of coastal residents by surprise and cost billions of dollars in economic damage. Unfortunately, the weather is not all that has become more extreme over the past several years. 
I am disappointed that this misguided and misinformed language to block implementation of the National Ocean Policy keeps coming back, just like the recurrent coastal flooding being caused by sea level rise, and my amendment would strike that language. 
and a lack of appreciation for the magnitude and complexity of the governance challenges we face. 
do not want to see government succeed even when government’s failure to respond to a disaster, to predict a drought, or to properly manage a fishery can devastate the communities they represent. 
When you disavow words like ‘‘precaution,’’ ‘‘preparedness,’’ and ‘‘planning,’’ you stop being conservative and start being reckless. 
to run government like a business. Well, would you invest in a business with different departments that don’t talk to each other? Would you invest in a business that is not responsive to its shareholders? Would you invest in a business with no business plan? 
Ocean Policy is, a business plan for the oceans that seeks to maximize the benefits for shareholders, all the American people. 
The policy is a winwinwin for economic growth, public safety, and environmental protection. I urge you to vote ‘‘yes’’ on my amendment to protect the National Ocean Policy. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
operated a business. Ever since this administration created the National Ocean Policy through executive order, 
the DOI, and the EPA to provide an estimate of the impact of the Policy on their budgets, and we have yet to receive a substantial answer. 
last year was fewer than three pages long. Clearly, this failed to outline expenditures supporting the administration’s National Ocean Policy. 
Our job here is to pay the bills. When 
we ask how much does the National Ocean Policy cost, we expect to get an answer. We need an answer so that proper congressional oversight can be conducted. 
I want to point out that this language was included in the House fiscal year 2016 Energy and Water Appropriations bill. There are concerns about the costs and all of the unknowns related to this policy in multiple jurisdictions. 
The bottom line is, if this administration wants the funds to implement the National Ocean Policy, then tell us how much it is going to cost the taxpayer. I urge my colleagues to join me in opposing this amendment. 
2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), my colleague. 
numerous laws that manage the ocean and coastal issues across 11 of the 15 Cabinetlevel departments and four independent agencies across the Federal Government. As my colleague from Massachusetts pointed out, why wouldn’t we want these folks to be working together? 
to do is to just have an action that lets the independent bipartisan commission move forward, including the U.S. Commission on Ocean Policy, which was appointed entirely by President George W. Bush. 
means by which the Federal agencies can sort through all of the tangles of uncoordinated governance and can bring some common sense to the chaos. Wouldn’t we want that? 
what government can do on ocean management, then they have a problem with laws that are enacted by Congress, not with the National Ocean Policy or with the President’s executive order, because what the President is doing through the National Ocean Policy is following a wellestablished Presidential tradition of using an executive order to supervise and guide agencies under the President’s charge as they execute existing laws passed by Congress. 
Let us find out how we could be more effective with our agencies working together. 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). Mr. FLORES. I thank Chairman C ALVERT for his work on this bill. 
record straight. In the year 2000, Congress did pass a bill during the 106th Congress to create an ocean commission to review and to make recommendations. 
Yes, President Bush did appoint persons to that commission. They did make those recommendations, and those recommendations were submitted to Congress. 
have been reviewed by the 108th, the 109th, the 110th, and the 111th Congresses, and each of those Congresses decided that no action should be taken. 
decided to go into the Article I powers, which are reserved for Congress, and to do what Congress does not intend to have done, which is to have an ocean zoning commission built from dozens of agencies. 
They have never asked for an appropriations for this activity, and there is no lawful basis for the activity to exist. The President’s executive order is basically violating the statutes that have been passed by Congress, and it is also violating the Constitution. 
The language that is in the appropriations bill should remain as it is. Congress has voted seven times on this language, and it has passed all seven times on a bipartisan basis. The other side is that of basically trying to undo what Congress has said it wants to do seven times on a bipartisan basis. 
1 minute to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ), my colleague. 
support of this amendment, which would allow for the implementation of the National Ocean Policy. 
planning makes common sense and is a good economic policy for our coastal communities. It allows for a comprehensive mapping of existing ocean uses that helps to identify and resolve conflicts between stakeholders before they play out in specific permitting processes. 
crucial to preserving public access to the ocean, to sustain economic growth, to address marine debris, to create migration corridors for marine mammals, and to support promising new ocean industries, such as wind power and marine aquaculture. 
In fact, I am proud to note that Virginia was recently selected by BOEM to be the first State in the Nation to receive a wind energy research lease in Federal waters. This rider would eliminate language that would undermine regional collaborative efforts to manage existing and future ocean policy challenges. 
and resources that many States, industries, and communities have already devoted to implementing this policy. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield 
such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). 
the record straight. We are not against ocean planning, as it makes perfect sense, but only insofar as Congress has explicitly authorized those activities. 
Congress has not allowed the President to do what he is trying to do by executive fiat. There are 67 groups, which include fishing, agricultural, farming, energy, and other industries, that are concerned about the impact of this Federal overreach. Again, it is an unconstitutional Federal overreach, and I would urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the amendment. 
appreciate that my colleague across the aisle has said that it does make perfect sense to have an ocean policy. The ocean policy is a business plan for the oceans that seeks to maximize the benefits for all of its shareholders, the American people. 
I certainly know that we in Massachusetts have a great appreciation for the complex task it seeks to undertake in order to protect that which we value most, the ocean off our coast. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I yield 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. TSONGAS. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
by this Act shall be used to propose, finalize, implement, or enforce— 
in this Act or any other Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to develop, adopt, implement, administer, or enforce any change to the regulations in effect on October 1, 2012, pertaining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for the purposes of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
would prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from updating regulations pertaining to the definitions of the terms ‘‘fill material’’ or ‘‘discharge of fill material’’ for purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
Presently, the Army Corps of Engineers issues a section 404 permit if the fill material discharged into a water body raises the bottom elevation of that water body or converts the area to dry land. 
to be dumped into the rivers and streams without an appropriate environmental review process. 
activities resulting in lakes and streams devoid of fish or aquatic life, downstream water users are rightly concerned that the section 404 process fails to protect them from the discharge of hazardous substances. 
guidelines are not well suited for evaluating the environmental effects of discharging hazardous waste, such as mining refuse and similar materials, into a water body or a wetland. 
strikes would block the EPA from making necessary modifications to 
these guidelines. This rider is a preemptive strike against protecting our drinking water, and it allows mining companies’ interests to trump the protection of the health of our citizens. 
order through the appropriations process. We should not preclude the Corps or the EPA from considering any regulatory changes to the current definition and permit process. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment to strike this language from the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
language simply maintains the status quo regarding the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ for the purposes of the Clean Water Act. 
place through a rulemaking initiated by the Clinton administration and finalized by the Bush administration. That rule harmonized the definitions on the books of the Corps and the EPA so that both agencies were working with the same definition. 
Any attempts to redefine this important definition could significantly negatively impact the ability of all earth moving industries, road and highway construction, and private and commercial enterprises to obtain vital Clean Water Act section 404 permits. 
Changing the definition of ‘‘fill material’’ could result in the loss of up to 375,000 highpaying mining jobs and jeopardize over 1 million jobs that are dependent upon the economic output generated by these operations. 
For these reasons, I support the underlying language and oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Madam Chair, I respect 
the chairman’s objections to this, but I would like to point out that all that this amendment does in striking the section is allow the EPA to consider future changes to the ‘‘fill’’ definitions. 
Clearly, the work begun in the Clinton administration and finalized in the George W. Bush administration were the best possible actions at the time. 
that, unfortunately, much mining waste and refuse are ending up in mining streams and rivers, and it has severely affected the health of those people. 
mining jobs or to even impact earth moving. It is only reasonable to make sure that our Environmental Protection Agency has the latitude and the freedom to evolve future definitions so as to best protect the health of our citizens. 
Mr. CALVERT. I oppose this amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
Law 112–74 is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2015,’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017,’’. 
Bay Initiative Act of 1998 (Public Law 105– 312; 16 U.S.C. 461 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2015’’ and inserting ‘‘2017’’. 
with respect to public lands administered by the Bureau of Land Management, and the Secretary of Agriculture, with respect to the National Forest System lands, shall make vacant grazing allotments available to a holder of a grazing permit or lease issued by either Secretary if the lands covered by the permit or lease or other grazing lands used by the holder of the permit or lease are unusable because of drought or wildfire, as determined by the Secretary concerned. The terms and conditions contained in a permit or lease made available pursuant to this section shall be the same as the terms and conditions of the most recent permit or lease that was applicable to the vacant grazing allotment made available. Section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332) shall not apply with respect to any Federal agency action under this section. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
my amendment to strike section 433 regarding the availability of vacant grazing allotments and waiving one of our key environmental laws. 
an important part of our Nation’s culture and economy, this section of the appropriations bill is redundant and unnecessary. The BLM and Forest Service already have the authority to transfer permits when grazing lands are deemed unusable. 
the effect of waiving section 102 of the National Environmental Policy Act, or NEPA. NEPA is one of our Nation’s bedrock environmental laws, serving to 
water, and our natural resources. Section 102 of NEPA contains key provisions to make sure that Federal agencies act according to the spirit and letter of the law. 
apply to agency actions, this bill is, in essence, waiving NEPA and putting our public lands at risk. Our Federal agencies did not ask for a NEPA waiver, and Congress should not be in the business of dictating to professional land managers when they should or should not have the flexibility to use NEPA in making land management decisions. 
the appropriations bill could have unintended consequences for our public lands and environment, particularly when conditions on the ground change. In this time of climate change, drought, and wildfire, it is vital that agencies have the tools and the flexibility to conduct adequate environmental reviews. 
should grazers get to jump to the front of the line for new land? What about land for species and recovery and habitat that are displaced by climate change or recreational demands and interests? 
managing our public lands for multiple uses. I welcome the belated recognition by my Republican colleagues that climate change is impacting these lands, but this provision would waive the balancing process found in NEPA and mandate that grazing gets to trump other uses when lands are destroyed by fire or drought. 
Section 433 benefits one special interest above all others, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting to strike this section from the bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim 
in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The amendment would strike a commonsense provision—repeat, commonsense provision—in this bill that allows the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service to make available vacant grazing allotments when a rancher is forced off his or her existing allotment due to drought or wildfire. 
It is not that they jump to the front 
of the line and have special provisions because of this. The fact is, if you don’t exclude the NEPA process, it can take 3 months, 6 months—guess what? Cows and sheep don’t go on a diet for 3 months or 6 months. They actually need to put these cows and sheep somewhere, and vacant allotments is what they look for. 
The gentleman says that this is redundant, that they can already do that. Well, if they can already do it, then what the heck? Why is he opposed to this provision? Unfortunately, drought and catastrophic wildfires are all too common in the West. Ranchers shouldn’t be further penalized when they lose their allotments due to natural disasters. The provision provides some flexibility to the Bureau of Land Management and Forest Service to help in these circumstances. 
these vacant allotments.’’ It says, ‘‘You may.’’ It is not a must. We are trying to give the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service the flexibility to use vacant allotments when circumstances are required. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I 
yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). 
in support of the Grijalva amendment. As has been pointed out, BLM already has the authority to make vacant grazing allotments available for permittees on a discretionary basis where the permittee is adversely impacted by wildfire or drought, but unlike the discretionary basis on which the BLM currently makes these allotments, this rider would exempt the National Environmental Policy Act, a NEPA review. 
On page 127, line 25, it reads ‘‘with respect to’’ the National Forest System lands, ‘‘shall’’—not may—‘‘shall make vacant,’’ and so what the BLM currently can do is they can conduct a NEPA review in areas where they think they have concerns and they can ensure that the land, health standards, and resources are not going to be compromised because the BLM has a role to play in protecting these lands for grazing potential in the future so that they are not harmed or overgrazed. 
the rider should not exempt the BLM from a regulatory requirement to issue a decision and conduct an administrative review, which they currently can choose to do or choose not to do based on the information that they have. Any grazing that is mandated by this rider is likely also to find itself caught up by hearings and delays and appeals and judicial review. 
amendment to strike the unnecessary rider and to leave the discretion in place so it continues to be the National Forest System lands may be made vacant. 
ask my colleagues just one thing. If you are a rancher and you have had one of these catastrophic wildfires come through—and they come through frequently, unfortunately—and they have wiped out your grazing allotment, what do you tell your cows? What do you tell your sheep? What do they eat for the next several months as you go through the NEPA process? This is giving some flexibility to the Forest Service and to the BLM. I know we can all say: Oh, gee, they 
can make arrangements and do it otherwise and so forth. 
This is just a commonsense provision, frankly, and we haven’t had any problem with it with the time that it has been in existence. I think it should stay in existence, and that is why the chairman has included it in this bill. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, the 
redundancy comes from the fact that that flexibility has existed in BLM and Forest Service; it has existed for years. The situations of wildfires have occurred, and they have been handled. 
is a redundant amendment, addition to it. The NEPA waiver in the writing says it is not optional. It says ‘‘shall.’’ 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, this 
language has been in the bill since 2003. It hasn’t caused any problems. It has fed a lot of cows. I think it is a good provision in the bill, and we should defeat this amendment. It is a bad amendment. Vote against it. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
in this or any other Act may be used to condition the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, rightofway, or other land use or occupancy agreement on the transfer of any water right, including sole and joint ownership, directly to the United States, or any impairment of title, in whole or in part, granted or otherwise recognized under State law, by Federal or State adjudication, decree, or other judgment, or pursuant to any interstate water compact. Additionally, none of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to require any water user to apply for or acquire a water right in the name of the United States under State law as a condition of the issuance, renewal, amendment, or extension of any permit, approval, license, lease, allotment, easement, rightofway, or other land use or occupancy agreement. 
by this Act shall be used to propose, finalize, implement, or enforce any regulation or guidance under Section 612 of the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. 7671k) that changes the status from acceptable to unacceptable for purposes of the Significant New Alternatives Policy (SNAP) program of any hydrofluorocarbon used as a refrigerant or in foam blowing agents, applications or uses. Nothing in this section shall prevent EPA from approving 
new materials, applications or uses as acceptable under the SNAP program. 
available by a State water pollution control revolving fund as authorized by section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j12) shall be used for a project for the construction, alteration, maintenance, or repair of a public water system or treatment works unless all of the iron and steel products used in the project are produced in the United States. 
steel’’ products means the following products made primarily of iron or steel: lined or unlined pipes and fittings, manhole covers and other municipal castings, hydrants, tanks, flanges, pipe clamps and restraints, valves, structural steel, reinforced precast concrete, and construction materials. 
case or category of cases in which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Administrator’’) finds that— 
in the United States in sufficient and reasonably available quantities and of a satisfactory quality; or 
for a waiver under this section, the Administrator shall make available to the public on an informal basis a copy of the request and information available to the Administrator concerning the request, and shall allow for informal public input on the request for at least 15 days prior to making a finding based on the request. The Administrator shall make the request and accompanying information available by electronic means, including on the official public Internet Web site of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
by this or any other Act shall be used for the social cost of carbon (SCC) to be incorporated into any rulemaking or guidance document until a new Interagency Working Group (IWG) revises the estimates using the discount rates and the domesticonly limitation on benefits estimates in accordance with Executive Order 12866 and OMB Circular A4 as of January 1, 2015: Provided , That such 
IWG shall provide to the public all documents, models, and assumptions used in developing the SCC and solicit public comment prior to finalizing any revised estimates. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed 
amendment, which I offer along with Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. P ETERS , would 
simply remove one of the socalled policy riders from this bill. It is a particularly dangerous policy rider. 
would strip the bill of a harmful and unrelated restriction that actually would prohibit Federal agencies from assessing the social cost of carbon, meaning Federal agencies would not be able to look at the monetized impact, the actual costs of climate change. 
have a blindfold and not be allowed to consider climate change in their planning, just like American businesses do, like States do, like municipalities do, but the Federal Government would be prohibited from even looking at the costs of climate change. 
According to a recent poll undertaken by Stanford University, 81 percent of American people have looked at the science and agree that climate change is at least in part caused by humans; 74 percent of Americans believe the Federal Government should be working hard to combat climate change, and 71 percent of the American people expect that they will be hurt personally or impacted by climate change. 
not some fallacy. It is not some evil plot by leftwing or rightwing extremists. It is simply science. Climate change is what major corporations like CocaCola and Nike have called an economically disruptive force that needs to be addressed. 
most high profile religious leader on the planet has called a moral imperative, an economic imperative, a moral imperative. It is what the Department of Defense has called an ‘‘immediate risk to U.S. national security.’’ 
other side to adopt this amendment so that we don’t ignore the calls of business, Defense, religious leaders—among thousands of others—to ensure that the Federal Government operates with its eyes wide open and not with ideological blinders, simply because we don’t want to see the truth of what is occurring with regard to climate change. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Madam Chair, I rise 
long been concerned with how EPA conducts its costbenefit analysis to justify its rulemaking. This is something that the committee has discussed with EPA on a number of occasions, and the Supreme Court recently ruled that EPA’s approach to examining costs and their regulation was flawed. The administration’s revised estimates for the social cost of carbon help justify on paper larger benefits from reducing carbon emissions in any proposed rule. If the administration can inflate the price tag so that the benefits always exceed the costs, the administration can goldplate requirement regulations from any department or any agency. 
Section 437 says that the administration should convene a working group to revise the estimates in a more transparent manner and to make that information available to the public. 
amendment addresses is not simply the creation of some commission or a nuanced look into how costbenefit analyses are done. It actually would ensure that the costs of climate change are able to be considered in decisionmaking. 
colleague raised from the other side would be a surgical approach, not to remove the authority to look at the cost of climate change, which is what this language does and what my amendment would fix. 
ideologically driven agenda of climate deniers and is a terrible waste of both Federal and taxpayer money to allow its passage because it will lead to poor decisionmaking by the Federal Government. 
change. Municipalities and States are planning for climate change. We need to look at the monetized costs with regard to climate change of new rules and regulations. 
Instead of spending our time here focusing on how to impact and better understand climate change, we have this opportunity to ensure that that is a factor in future decisionmaking, rather than prohibiting agencies from even considering it in the cost of climate change. 
Blocking proposals and silencing discussion isn’t indicative of leadership, Mr. Chair. It is indicative of fear of the truth. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, just in 
closing, I would rise in opposition to this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Texas). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
by this Act may be used by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to propose, promulgate, implement, administer, or enforce a national primary or secondary ambient air quality standard for ozone that is lower than the standard established under section 50.15 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on July 2, 2014), until at least 85 percent of the counties that were nonattainment areas under that standard as of July 2, 2014, achieve full compliance with that standard. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
until at least 85 percent of the counties that were nonattainment areas under that standard as of July 2, 2014, achieve full compliance with that standard’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
along with the ranking member, for the work he and the committee have done. 
from using any funds in the bill to change ozone regulations, regardless of whether or not all counties meet the 2008 standards. 
As of 2012 and based on the 2008 ozone 
standards as designated by the EPA, 24 mainland States were in attainment, including my home State of Florida. An additional four States had either partial attainment or whole counties had marginal attainment. 
areas of our Nation that have consistently been designated as nonattainment by the EPA. This includes most of California, parts of Texas, and the midAtlantic States. These counties have had nearly 20 years to change their policies and abide by the ozone standards. 
a fair amount of the country would be designated as nonattainment areas. Why should the remainder of the country be subject to new standards when parts of the country have yet to meet the 2008 or even 2009 standards? 
economic implications on the States and counties that have already proactively worked to reduce their emissions, all at a time when the Nation is still recovering from one of the worst economic recessions of our lifetime. 
my colleagues of the recent Supreme Court decision, Michigan, et al., v. Environmental Protection Agency. At the heart of the case was whether or not the EPA took care to include the potential cost to power plants when proposing new regulations, and that estimated cost is $9.6 billion and a burden on the American taxpayers. The Supreme Court held that the EPA interpreted U.S. Code 7412 ‘‘unreasonably when it deemed cost irrelevant to the decision.’’ 
I would like to say that this is the 
exception and not the rule when it comes to the EPA, but that simply is not the truth. The EPA has made its de facto policy to implement unreasonable regulations with no regard to the larger impact it will have on the economy and taxpayers and the environment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would reverse section 438 to block the EPA from making critical updates to its ozone standard. The amendment makes an already bad policy rider in this bill even worse. 
completely prohibit the EPA from updating the standard, shortcircuiting both current law and the judicial process, while putting millions of Americans’ health at risk. 
smog, and it has been scientifically proven to aggravate lung disease, increase frequency and severity of asthma attacks, and reduce lung function. 
the time that we are given now when the ozone is too high in the air to stay inside. Young children shouldn’t be out, and people with heart disease and lung disease should stay indoors. 
to review its ozone standard every 5 years to reflect the most uptodate science on ozone and its impacts on public health. 
order to issue its final rules by October of this year. The EPA’s update to its ozone standard is based on strong scientific evidence, including over 1,000 scientific studies that show the harmful effect of ozone on human health and the need for higher standards. 
The EPA estimates the benefit of updated standards of 70 parts per billion will yield the health benefits of $13 billion each year. 
shortsighted and reactionary, and it is a backdoor amendment to completely gut the Clean Air Act. 
Prohibiting the EPA’s ability to update ozone standards is reckless, and it is out of touch with what Americans 
want, and that is clear air. The EPA’s update is firmly rooted in science and 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chairman, ozone 
comes from many different sources. Yes, it is true that it comes from hydrocarbons. When the UV light hits it, it does do that. It also comes from the oceans. It comes from the swamps. It comes from just nature itself. 
Ozone by itself is not always bad because it is used industrially. It disinfects laundry. It disinfects water in place of chlorine. It deodorizes the air. It kills bacteria on food and contact surfaces. It sanitizes swimming pools. The list goes on and on and on. 
causing respiratory problems, but that is also associated with spores and molds and things like that. 
I think ozone, at this time—especially when you look at the rulings from 1997 and 2008, those standards—I don’t think we should move forward at this time, with our Nation in the economic recovery, to put new standards on all of the Nation when yet a large portion of the Nation is still not under compliance. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I probably live in the most regulated air quality area in the United States, southern California. 
In southern California, our population continues to grow; yet we have been able to make significant air quality improvements within the South Coast Air Quality Management District. 
The committee set a level at 85 percent of the communities so that the marginal nonattainment communities could have the opportunity to achieve compliance with the 2008 standards before further updates are considered. 
from lowering the ozone standard below the 2008 levels. This amendment would prevent further updates to the ozone standard for an indefinite and undetermined timeframe, and that is certainly not the committee’s intent. 
air in areas that folks want to see cleaner air, but at the same time making sure that technology is there in order to do that. This was, I think, compromise language that the underlying bill has that works to move us forward, but at the same time not stopping us from obtaining cleaner air in the future. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
just like to reiterate that ozone is incriminated a lot of times when I think 
in dusty environments or in urban areas where airflow in apartment buildings may not be like it should be. 
chlorine for bleaching wood, paper products, and things like that. Many hospitals around the world use large ozone generators to decontaminate operating rooms between surgeries. It is used in industry all the time. 
amendment, so we don’t have more overreaching regulations from the EPA. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
EPA’s update is firmly rooted in science and ensures the health and protections for the American people. We have a responsibility to protect the millions of Americans affected by ozone pollution. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Maryland and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
in this Act from being used to even propose a national ozone standard that is less than that currently in law until at least 85 percent of the counties across the country that do not currently meet that standard achieve full compliance. 
under title 40 is 75 parts per billion; but, Mr. Chair, we had a series of hearings in our House Science Committee earlier this year where we heard strong testimony from scientists at State pollution control agencies and physicians at hospitals all telling us that the current standard is not in line with the current science. 
Committee declared as far back as 2008 that they believe that the current standard of 75 parts per billion is insufficient to protect public health. In fact, right now, the ozone standard can mislead people to believe that the air, in fact, is safe to breathe when it is not. 
Lung Association have shown more than 4 out of every 10 people in the United States live in places where ozone levels often make it dangerous to breathe. 
now know to be very dangerous air quality, as code yellow or moderate. This can lead those who are particularly at risk of ozonerelated illness, such as children and senior citizens, to unwittingly be exposed to harmful levels of ozone. This has the potential to impact millions of people in every State across the Nation. 
Maryland. There are 145,000 children with pediatric asthma. Over 430,000 adults have asthma. Mr. Chairman, 246,000 people in my State have chronic obstructive pulmonary disease or COPD, and 367,000 people in our State have cardiovascular disease that is related to ozone. 
Committee recommends that, in order to protect the public health, the EPA set the primary ozone standard between 60 and 70 parts per billion. In November of last year, the EPA did exactly what it is supposed to do. 
It looked at the strong scientific evidence showing the health risks of ozone, and it issued a proposed rule to lower the ozone standard from 75 parts per billion to a standard within the range of 65 to 70 parts per billion. 
process designed to identify areas with too much ozone. Once those areas are identified, State and local governments can craft plans tailored to their areas using costeffective approaches. 
current science, will help to provide a framework for these plans, which, in turn, will help our States continue along the path to clean air. And yet, here we are, and this provision that I am providing to strike would stop the EPA from even proposing a standard of 70 parts per billion. 
This new standard would protect Americans’ health and our environment. In addition, an analysis conducted by the EPA shows that, though the annual cost of the proposed standard of 70 parts per billion might be around $3.9 billion, the health benefits are estimated to reach between $6.4 billion and $13 billion annually. 
harmful to the public health. It contributes to asthma attacks, decreased lung function, respiratory infection, and even death. Breathing ozone is dangerous for everyone, but particularly for children, for the elderly and people of all ages who have lung diseases. We need to allow the EPA—in fact, 
empower the EPA—to follow the science and create minimum standards 
necessary to protect public health. I urge my colleagues to protect these vulnerable populations as well as clean air for every American, and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
Chairman, I rise in clear opposition to this amendment. 
full committee was carefully crafted. It simply allows a majority of nonattainment counties to achieve attainment status before the EPA moves the goalposts. 
proposed ozone standards would stifle economic growth and cost jobs and revenue. Just last week, the Supreme Court admonished the EPA for ignoring the costs of its regulations. The costs involved would be devastating to our economy. Even the EPA admitted it would cost $15 billion a year. Other studies have estimated that costs could be as high as $140 billion a year. 
would mean $2 billion in compliance costs, 10,000 lost jobs, and more fees for residents even to operate their vehicles. 
agriculture, manufacturing, and the energy industry. Federal highway funds could be frozen and permits for infrastructure could be held up. 
I am hopeful that some of our colleagues across the aisle will recognize the impact this will have on each of our districts. 
we have heard again the exaggerated claims about implementation, so let’s get to the facts. 
that this is a standard that we need to protect the public health. The second fact, the EPA estimates that the cost might be around $3.9 billion. 
reach between $6.4 and $13 billion, and that means that there is a ripple effect when we invest in making sure that we implement a standard that protects the public health, and it has a benefit on the public health. 
So, Mr. Chairman, there is an argument here for the EPA to simply do its job, the job that it was charged to do by taxpayers, and that is to protect the public health, to give us clean air, and to make sure that we have ozone standards that in fact meet our responsibility. 
Congress from keeping the EPA from keeping our air clean. 
Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. OLSON ). 
the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. JENKINS ) for the time and for including 
commonsense language in the bill that is now being debated. 
that was stuck in legal limbo for years. From big cities to small towns, over 200 counties are still in nonattainment. 
wants to move the goalposts. They have issued new ozone rules that are so strict they can’t be achieved with our current technology. All of America will be hit hard with job losses. 
This bill simply includes a pause button on new EPA rules until we can finish the job and reach our current mandates. 
Edwards amendment and strip this language from this bill. 
the most, maybe the most, regulated air districts in the United States, and I am a strong advocate for clean air. My district has achieved some of the largest emission reductions in the country. 
hole deeper as my district continues to try to work its way out of nonattainment. So EPA and the States need to use the resources we provided in the bill to play catchup on a statutory obligation to help communities implement the 2008 standard. 
Remember, just last April, EPA finalized the rule for the 2008 standards. When 85 percent of the communities can achieve the latest standards, then EPA should consider whether or not revisions are necessary. 
Clean Air Act only directs EPA to review the standards every 5 years. It does not require that EPA revise the standard. 
amendment, and I thank the gentleman for yielding me time. 
Chairman, once again, this is a sincere effort to try to set a benchmark and not have the EPA moving the goalposts that will have such economic devastation, billions of dollars in cost, and I encourage a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland (Ms. EDWARDS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, according to the American Lung Association’s 2015 State of the Air Report, the Los Angeles metropolitan area, which includes both my district and also the Appropriations Subcommittee chair’s district, that metropolitan area is the number one in the country for ozone pollution. 
southern California problem. The report shows that more than 40 percent of the United States’ population lives in areas with unhealthy levels of ozone. Large cities like Houston and less populated areas like northwest Ohio also make the list. 
chemical solvents contribute to the majority of nitrous oxides and volatile organic compounds, NOXand VOCs, 
which react with each other on hot, sunny days to produce ground level ozone. 
pointed out that because hot, sunny days produce the most ozone, climate change is increasing the number of unhealthy ozone level days. We are all familiar with those ‘‘high ozone level’’ warnings that happen on really hot, sunny days, and unfortunately, they are becoming more and more common due to global warming. 
lung tissue, can cause major problems for children, the elderly, and anyone with lung disease. Ozone is known to aggravate health problems such as asthma, and it is also linked to low birth rates, cardiovascular problems, and premature death. 
the widespread problem of ozone pollution, I am glad that EPA is moving forward with updates to its national standards for ozone pollution. 
communities have been calling for a long time for updates of this standard in order to protect the public health. The current standard of 75 parts per billion is outdated and does not adequately protect public health, which is what the EPA is required to do under the Clean Air Act. Thousands of hospital visits and premature deaths and up to a million missed schooldays can be prevented just by strengthening this standard. But instead of trusting health professionals, some in Congress have decided to protect the financial interests of the polluters. The reckless legislative rider in section 438 of this appropriations bill blocks the EPA from updating or even proposing scientificallybased standards for ozone to the detriment of the health of at least 40 percent of the U.S. population. 
I urge my colleagues to vote to remove this polluter protecting section from the bill, to support the Edwards amendment, and allow the EPA to move forward with doing what they are required to do by law, and that is protect the public health. 
full committee bill that, I think, came to a reasonable compromise. As the gentleman is aware, many communities cannot reach the old standard, the 2008 standard, that is now the law, and so this just gives the communities throughout the country that cannot get to attainment additional time to develop the technologies before we go to a new standard. 
was just last April that we came to a determination on the 2008 standard, and the administration already is talking about a new standard that most of the Nation cannot reach in the short term. So this gives a brief, little bit of time to allow these communities to improve their technologies and to be able to meet a new standard down the road. 
let’s just talk about why we need to change the standard. 
reaching that standard is going to take some work, but remember, the air, by saying that we don’t need to do this because the air is cleaner than it was 30 years ago, for example, does nothing to put current air quality in context. Just because the air is cleaner than it used to be doesn’t mean that it is completely healthy. 
this. L.A. County has reduced its ground ozone by 5 days since 2009, and I am proud of that, but it doesn’t mean our air is healthy. We still experienced 217 days of unhealthy ozone level days last year. 
pollution levels. We need to use the best science available to determine what standards are needed to get our ozone pollution below those unhealthy 
to get the ozone below unhealthy levels. That is what EPA is doing, and we shouldn’t block their efforts because we think that the air is cleaner or it is difficult to reach. 
outweigh the costs to polluting industries. If the EPA would implement a standard of just 70 parts per billion, the cost of implementation is estimated to be about $3.9 billion, but the savings in public health costs are estimated to be anywhere from $6.4 to $13 billion. That is a net savings of $2.5 to $9 billion. If you reduce the standard even lower, to 65 parts per billion, the savings are even greater, from $4 to $23 billion in public health costs. 
of dollars in healthcare expenses around the country. We have a chance to save taxpayers a lot of money. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the gentleman’s efforts on trying to clean the ozone out of the South Coast Air Quality Management District. We have to suffer the ozone that is being blown from L.A./Long Beach over into the Inland Empire. Certainly the ports of L.A. and Long Beach, the trains emit a lot of ozone and a lot of pollutants that end up in the Inland Empire, so we want to clean that air up. 
standards at this time. We are doing everything we can to meet those standards, but until these communities can get the technology to meet the existing standard, we shouldn’t impose a new standard that could cause grave economic harm to the communities. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). 
The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will 
by this or any other Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule entitled ‘‘Hydraulic Fracturing on Federal and Indian Lands’’ as published in the Federal Register on March 26, 2015 and March 30, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 16127 and 16577, respectively). 
to offer an amendment on behalf of myself and the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ), which I do intend to 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Bureau of Land Management is currently working toward implementation of a rule that would modernize horribly outdated oil and gas regulations on Federal land. My amendment would strike a section of this bill that would halt this important work. 
What we have to do is to allow the 
BLM to proceed with them implementing this rule to provide a national baseline to protect our environment, our water, and our Federal lands from hazardous contamination. 
associated with the oil and gas industry have grown dramatically, but BLM’s fracking regulations have not kept pace. In March of 2015, the BLM finalized a modest, commonsense rule to update its 30yearold fracking regulations. 
With these updates, the BLM is taking responsible steps to improve well integrity, reduce the impact of toxic wastewater, and increase transparency around chemicals used in the fracking process. 
will not impact States that already have robust fracking regulations and will simply offer a regulatory baseline for the States that do not have current fracking regulations. 
States with operating fracking wells that had absolutely no hydraulic fracturing regulations in place. 
more than 2,500 oil and gas wells drilled every year on federally managed lands use hydraulic fracturing. 
draft report that concludes that there are above and belowground mechanisms by which hazardous hydraulic fracturing chemicals have the potential to impact drinking water resources. 
Because of this, the Federal Government really has to take the necessary steps to ensure that toxic, cancercausing fracking chemicals do not contaminate America’s water supply, America’s streams, America’s rivers, and America’s lakes. 
fluids injected into oil and gas wells contain thousands of chemicals, many of which can harm humans and the environment. 
different chemicals that have been used during the hydraulic fracturing process, with an estimated 9,100 gallons of chemicals used for each well. 
Due in large part to fracking loopholes and outdated oil and gas regulations, fracking chemical spills and water contaminations have occurred. 
for example, there were nearly 600 documented cases of wastewater and chemical spills in 2013 alone. In fact, the EPA estimates that there 
are as many as 12 chemical spills for every 100 oil and gas wells in the State of Pennsylvania. And I need to remind the House that there are almost 8,000 active gas wells operating in Pennsylvania right now. So that is a lot of spills. 
Chemical and wastewater spills associated with fracking operations harm the environment, and it has been found to contaminate surface water. The EPA’s draft study found that 8 percent of studied wastewater spills polluted surface or groundwater. 
prevent fracking chemicals and wastewater from contaminating water bodies. 
of fracking wells and increasing the standards for storage and recovery of waste fluid. This rule will require companies publicly to disclose the chemicals being pumped into public lands. 
fracking rule does not go far enough in some areas, simply stopping the rule in its tracks is just irresponsible. 
I am not opposed to fracking. I believe we have to utilize our natural resources, but we need to do so in a careful and responsible manner. 
gas business just like there are some bad actors in every area, actors that cut corners and don’t drill and frack properly and safely. 
have all the expertise and resources to properly manage this exploding industry. The rule will set a relatively low bar but one that ensures a baseline across the country to protect our public lands. 
to allow the BLM to implement a rule that will prevent fracking chemical contamination and keep our Nation’s water supply pristine and something Americans can be proud of. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MRS . LAWRENCE  
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise today to offer an amendment that would strike section 439 from the underlying bill. In doing so, this amendment would allow the Bureau of Land Management to implement standards 
More than 1.5 million public comments were submitted in a transparent process to regulate fracking on 750 million acres of public and Indian lands. More than 100,000 oil and gas wells are situated on these lands. 
BLM’s rule is fully implemented so that fracking for oil and gas continues but with full regard to public health and the environment. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
And I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
BLM needed to update its regulation related to fracking on Federal and Indian lands. BLM regulations are 25, 30 years old. 
the same thing over the last number of years. Unfortunately, BLM’s rule is duplicative of existing State regulation. 
double compliance scheme. It also costs them more time, and it significantly lengthens the time in which it takes time to get to a permit. 
why we adopted this provision during the committee’s markup of this bill. 
I certainly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
Mr. FLORES. I thank Chairman C ALVERT for his hard work on this section 
to the amendment. American consumers have benefited from low energy prices, thanks to the American energy revolution and technological advancements in hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling. 
been successfully regulated by the States. In 2013, the House passed on a bipartisan basis legislation which I coauthored with the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ) from the other 
side of the aisle, and that legislation would stop the BLM from pursuing duplicative and burdensome hydraulic fracturing regulations. 
to what Congress said, and it continued down a path to impose additional red tape on American energy development and to further drive down energy production on energy lands while State and private production continues to experience record growth in a safe and efficient manner. 
search of a problem, particularly when the EPA and the Department of Energy have each agreed that hydraulic fracturing is being conducted safely right now. Even the courts agree that there are 
problems with the BLM’s rules, as evidenced by the recent stay granted by the U.S. District Court of Wyoming to stop the BLM from moving forward with their overreaching regulatory activity. 
would increase energy costs and would limit economic opportunity for hard working families, particularly those at the bottom end of the income tables. So it hurts those that are struggling to get by today with higher energy costs. 
including this provision during markup, as well as Chairman CALVERT for 
I strongly urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). 
amendment before us would strike the policy rider that prohibits the Bureau of Land Management from implementing a uniform national standard for hydraulic fracking on public lands, on Federal lands. 
Such standards are necessary to ensure the operations on public and tribal lands are safe and that they are conducted in an environmentally responsible way. This only affects Federal lands and tribal lands. 
Now, of the 32 States with the potential for oil and gas development on federally managed mineral resources, only slightly more than half of them have rules in place that even address hydraulic fracturing, and those that do have rules in place vary greatly in their requirements. 
As you can see, there is no consistency in the rules. There is no guarantee that there are good quality rules put in place. And we are talking about making sure that, on Federal leases, on Federal lands, that we have a national standard. 
of public lands up for renewable energy production, and that is why it is absolutely critical that they have the confidence and the transparency and the safety and environmental protections that are put in place on these Federal lands. 
fracturing rule, the BLM rules on oil and gas operation were updated over 30 years ago, 30 years ago. They had not kept pace with the significant technology advancements in hydraulic fracturing techniques and the tremendous increase of its use. 
the BLM office is in the process of meeting with their State counterparts—they are working with them— undertaking a StatebyState comparison of regulatory requirements in order to identify opportunities for variances and to establish memorandums of understanding between the States that 
will realize efficiencies and allow for successful implementation of the rule. So we should be allowing BLM to coordinate with the States and ensure that hydraulic fracturing activities are being carried out safely and effectively when Federal leases are involved. 
such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Wyoming (Mrs. LUMMIS ). 
State of Wyoming is the largest onshore producer of oil and gas from Federal land. The reason our Wyoming court stayed the Federal BLM’s rules is because Wyoming has been regulating fracking through its oil and gas commission from the beginning. There has never been one documented case of drinking water being contaminated. Furthermore, the way that BLM land lays with private land and State land is they are all interspersed; yet, underground, because of horizontal drilling, the drilling transcends from State land to private land to Federal land, and back and forth. Those wells are unitized so the production can be allocated among the various owners of private, State, and Federal land. You can’t have two layers of surfaces State ownership regulation when the drilling is occurring going back and forth among State, private, and Federal lands. 
regulations responsibly. It was the first in the Nation to do so. I strongly urge you leave it in the hands of States who do it best. 
my time to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. FLORES ). 
Mr. FLORES. Mr. Chairman, in response to some of the comments that were never made, I would like to offer five points. 
statutory authority to do the actions that they tried to. The Federal Court was right in granting an injunction. The EPA and the Department of Energy have both said that hydraulic fracturing is safe, and that is evidenced by the safe and efficient production of much more oil and gas on private and State lands while Federal production is going down. 
a problem. So I would urge all my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
want to say congratulations to the State of Wyoming. That is exactly why we need this amendment. We want those same regulations on a national level. Mr. Chairman, 16 to 17 States have no regulation. Wyoming has gotten it right. 
with full regard to the public health and the environment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Michigan will be postponed. 
The Clerk will read. The Clerk read as follows: 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement the Revised Comprehensive Conservation Plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, Alaska published in the Federal Register on January 27, 2015 (80 Fed Reg. 4303). 
reading). Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alaska and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment. 
committee for the work they have done on this legislation, and I support the underlying bill. The administration has left no alternative to the people of Alaska and to those with an interest in our national energy policy. 
Department of the Interior published the management plan for the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to recommend the entirety of the area be designated as wilderness. This would include the 1002 area that was set aside by Congress for potential development in the future, an area that holds 10 billion 
barrels of oil, at the minimum, and probably 37 trillion cubic feet of natural gas. 
funding can be spent implementing this recommendation. The impact of this recommendation should not be overlooked, as the recommendation requires immediate management of the entire area as wilderness—unilaterally undermining the role of Congress through a de facto wilderness designation. 
Compact, which was founded on ensuring the development of subsurface resources for the economic wellbeing of this Nation. This action also violates the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, which established more than 100 million acres of conservation areas. And in recognition of the enormity of the acreage being locked up, the act drew a line guaranteeing that no more conservation areas can be created without an act of Congress—our role. 
There is no need for additional wilderness areas in ANWR, given 92 percent of the refuge is already closed to development. 
Mr. Chairman, Alaska holds 53 percent of Federal wilderness areas in the Nation, and that is not enough for this administration. You think about that a moment. The administration’s plan immediately raises another administrative, bureaucratic wall to oil and gas development. This is a betrayal to the Alaskan people and, I believe, to this Nation and to this Congress. This plan by the administration handcuffs my State from providing for itself and pushes us to be more dependent on Federal funds. 
This is another example of executive overreach by this administration undermining the role of Congress. This is our role, not this administration’s. I don’t care whose administration it is; when the President oversteps his bounds, we should take and accept our responsibility. And this is the law he cannot do, but he says ‘‘I can do it.’’ 
an example, I think, of this whole Department of the Interior. Between EPA and the Department of the Interior, they are trying to cripple this Nation, trying to cripple my State, against the law. This is very specific in ANILCA. If you don’t believe me, go back and read it. 
amendment offered by my friend from Alaska would prohibit any Federal funds from being used to implement the administration’s revised comprehensive conservation plan to better sustain and manage the entire Arctic 
the Interior Appropriations bill would be a mistake. The coastal plain of the Arctic refuge is one of the few remaining places in our Nation that remains pristine and undisturbed. It provides critical protection for thousands of species—caribou, polar bear, and gray wolves, just to name a few—and they desperately need this important habitat. Roughly 20 million acres managed by U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service are some of the best and last undisturbed natural areas in this Nation. 
from Alaska feels strongly about this issue, and he has been a great advocate for his State for decades; but on this important issue, we deeply disagree. 
Interior Department released an updated conservation plan to better manage the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, and the President took that opportunity to call on Congress to pass legislation designating the coastal plain as a wilderness, an even greater level of protection for this incredible area. The protected area encompasses a wide range of Arctic and subarctic ecosystems. There are unadulterated landforms, and there are native flora and fauna. The refuge has an incredible biological integrity, natural diversity, and environmental health. 
I understand that there are differences of opinion how to manage this land and that legislation designated in this area as wilderness may not get very far in this Congress. But I want to commend the President for his leadership on this issue, and I would hope that the legislative process could play out and that we not adopt this rider onto this bill because this issue is just far too important. 
Lastly, Mr. Chairman, I would be remiss if I did not point out one more obvious truth: the President will not sign a bill loaded up with antienvironmental riders just like this one. So we only make the path for the bill harder by including it. 
will join me in opposing it, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
should follow the law. We have given up the responsibility in this Congress to the President—not just this President, other Presidents. It is clear in the law nothing more than 5,000 acres can be withdrawn and put in the wilderness, without the okay of the Congress, in Alaska. No more clause. It stands for no more. 
‘‘up yours’’ to the Congress. That is not the way to run this business. We have a responsibility as Congressmen to do our job. And when he goes against the law through executive order, that is against this Constitution of America. 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ). 
the adoption of the gentleman’s amendment, and I support his amendment. 
Mr. YOUNG of Alaska. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alaska (Mr. YOUNG ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 13007, entitled ‘‘Indian Sacred Sites’’. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would ensure that cultural and sacred sites of Indian and Alaska Native tribes are protected by mandating that none of the funds in this bill can be used in contravention of Executive Order 13007. 
President Clinton in 1996, requires Federal agencies to accommodate access to and ceremonial use of Indian sacred sites and, more importantly, to avoid adversely affecting the physical integrity of such sacred sites. 
an afterthought during the Federal Government land management process. When negotiating land swaps and when constructing other management decisions, the voice of Indian Country with regard to sacred sites is ignored. But this is not just land to the Native people. These are cultural and spiritual areas that are part of the tribe’s history and its living legacy. These are places where their ancestors lived, prayed, hunted, gathered, fought, and died. They are part and parcel of tribal identity, and it is our duty to ensure they are preserved and protected. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
me they are already in compliance with the executive order. There is no question that providing Indian tribes with access to their sacred sites is the right thing to do, so I would be more than happy to accept the gentleman’s amendment. Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). 
gentleman’s amendment. The gentleman’s amendment will ensure that this important executive order is respected in such a way that it has my wholehearted support in protecting the liberty and religious rights of Native American Indians. 
thank the ranking member, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . POLIQUIN  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Maine and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
is home to the most skilled paper makers in the world. Our hardworking men and women manufacture paper products that we use every day. Our paper makers are also some of the best stewards of the environment. They know that we need healthy forests to make the high quality wood products sold around the globe. 
paper, the branches and the bark can be left behind to be decomposed; or they can be burned to generate energy to run the machinery to make paper. 
Either way, the carbon from this biomass is returned to the environment as part of the natural carbon cycle. What a great idea—instead of ending up in a landfill, this green, renewable energy fuels our economy and creates jobs. 
Skowhegan, Maine, burns biomass to make some of the finest quality paper in the world. In doing so, it directly employs 800 hardworking Mainers. In addition, loggers and truckers who produce and transport this biomass also earn paychecks for their families. 
Protection Agency is attacking this renewable method to power our businesses and to create jobs. All of us who have sat around a campfire have seen that wet wood, branches, and grass emit a darker smoke. However, the 
same carbon is being recycled through the environment. It is just a slightly different color. 
emission standards on companies that burn wet wood, branches, and bark instead of dumping them into a landfill. That just doesn’t make sense. 
force our Skowhegan mill to spend millions of additional dollars on special smokestack equipment because wet biomass burns darker. The mill owners have worked diligently with the regional EPA office in Boston and the Maine Department of Environmental Protection to put in place a commonsense emissions monitoring system that reflects the burning of biomass. Sadly, the EPA headquarters right here in Washington rejected their sensible solution. 
this is not right. Those 800 hardworking paper makers at the Sappi mill deserve an EPA that works for them, not against them. 
very well be a different mill in Michigan, Minnesota, or Georgia that also uses green American biomass energy. 
America should keep her energy dollars and jobs here at home and not ship them to the Middle East. Our businesses need that energy to keep our manufacturing jobs right here in America and not send them to China. This is a national security issue, as well as a jobs issue, Mr. Chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask my House Republicans and Democrats today to support my simple, commonsense bill. Passing it will stop the EPA from unfairly penalizing employers who use green, renewable American biomass energy. 
from reaching beyond some of the biomass emission rules already being enforced by the regional EPA offices and the State environmental authorities. 
today that Congress supports a domestic energy source that is good for the environment, creates jobs, and keeps us safer here at home 
Mr. POLIQUIN. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
not just limited to your State, and I hope this language will help bring EPA to the table so that everyone can find a path forward for this issue that is important for the country. 
a blanket block to the EPA from fully implementing and enforcing air toxic standards for boilers and incinerators. 
that burn natural gas, coal, wood, oil, and other fuel to produce steam, and the steam does produce electricity or provide heat, and incinerators burn waste to dispose of it. These boilers and incinerators have the potential of releasing very toxic pollutants such as mercury, lead, dioxin, and other pollutants that are linked to health effects. 
including three public hearings and responding to thousands of public comments, the EPA finalized standards to reduce toxic emissions for existing new boilers and commercial industrial solid waste incinerators and sewage sludge incinerators. 
Now, among other things, the rule requires emissions to just meet certain standards. It is a measurement of air pollution based on the degree of which light is blocked by the pollutant from the smokestack. 
The rule also allows the EPA to approve alternative opacity limits under certain circumstances, so there is flexibility within the rule. 
Now, the local paper mills in the representative State are exceeding or they are expected to exceed the standard in the EPA’s final rule, so to better fit their circumstances, they want an alternate opinion. That is the issue that the EPA is looking at right now. The EPA is looking at this right now. They heard the concerns; they are looking at it. 
not really address that issue. Instead, it would block the EPA from ever approving an alternative limit or implementing or enforcing an alternative limit that had already been improved. 
I rise because this amendment, unfortunately, just does not make any sense to me that we would not keep the dialogue moving forward. The EPA has the responsibility of making sure that standards of emissions with mercury and lead and other toxic pollutants are not dangerous to public health, especially to children. We know statistically now that up to 8,100 premature deaths, 5,100 heart attacks, and 52 asthma attacks are all worked into reducing the emissions, to lower those numbers. 
toxic standards and allow them to achieve their intended benefits and to work with industry where it makes sense, and we can have industry move forward but still protect the public health, just not scrap the parts that industry dislikes. 
amendment because it would keep the EPA from doing what it is doing right now, and that is to work with industry, oddly enough, to create a winwin for industry and a winwin for public health. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Chairman, I 
would strongly disagree with my colleague on the other side of the aisle. 
our great State know that we have a pristine natural environment. It is part of our brand, Mr. Chairman. It is something that we protect and will continue to protect at all costs. 
have been here for 6 months, and what I have learned in those 6 months is that we have almost a fourth branch of government, and that is these regulators that regulate every part of our life, whether we are trying to make paper or what have you and trying to provide work for our families. 
Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment, this body has the opportunity to say loudly and clearly: Let’s keep our public lands public. 
generator and are important to our health and welfare as Americans. They are beautiful, and they are healing. I recently got to hear from a veteran in Eagle County, and part of his recovery process is the time he spends outdoors on our public lands. They are also practical. They help ensure for water quality and maintain the critical aspects of rural life like farming, ranching, grazing, and logging. 
and fishermen go to enjoy the outdoors. They are where skiers, hikers, bikers, and motorists experience activities that are impossible in other places and are invaluable to their quality of life. 
areas. It is a vast economic driver as well. In fact, over $646 billion is generated economically through our public lands, and visiting our public lands supports over 6 million jobs, including many in my district and many in our great State of Colorado. 
When recently polled across six western States, the American people said with 96 percent support—with unheard of levels of support—that protecting public lands for future generations is 
one of their top priorities and that, above and apart from any other, they see the maintenance for access of outdoor activities on our public lands as a critical focus of our Federal Government. 
States don’t have the resources or expertise to suddenly take on the responsibilities for our Federal lands, nor do State governments even want that authority, Mr. Chairman. 
Selling these lands outright to private owners or purveyors would undoubtedly lead to loss of access to these majestic, treasured spaces and, at the same time, would destroy jobs across the West and other areas that are blessed to have public lands; yet there has been attempt after attempt to transfer our most precious public spaces to the States or to private ownership or to sell them at wholesale. 
want this. The hikers, bikers, campers, skiers, and motorized activists that make up the areas surrounding those held by the Federal Government do not want their land taken away—our land taken away. 
wellbeing, water quality, and public health that depends on the stewardship of our public lands do not want our public lands taken away. 
perhaps my colleagues on the other side of the aisle can speak to this—exactly who is impacted by and who does touch and enjoy and rely on our public lands and actually does want to see them taken away. 
I would pose this inquiry, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
would just make it difficult and impossible for Federal agencies to dispose or willingly or equitably exchange or convey lands to States, local governments, private landowners, and others. 
I just may point out the Federal Government currently can’t manage its existing land, which is over 640 million acres or approximately 3 out of every 10 acres in the United States. 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment does is ensure that none of the funds made available to this act can be used in contravention to the law of the land. My amendment wouldn’t do anything to undermine current authority of congressionally and administratively driven land exchanges. In fact, I brought several before this body and have seen several signed into law. 
land, and we always have various exchanges, purchases, and sales. Of course, those are consistent with the law, which allows the funds to be used under this bill. 
of our Federal Government and Congress to make choices wisely in a thorough public and transparent process, which we do in this body. 
What my amendment would do instead is prohibit the use of funds in this bill to pursue any additional extra legal ways to turn our Federal land over to private owners. It would prohibit Federal dollars from being used to support, for instance, a commission around finding avenues to turn all Federal lands over to private ownership. 
wasteful and counterproductive and wholly unwanted by the American people who rely and derive spiritual support, health, and jobs from our public lands. 
who exactly we are working for and what our goal is with regard to our public lands. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
SONORAN DESERT TORTOISE AS AN ENDAN GERED SPECIES OR THREATENED SPECIES  
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat the Sonoran desert tortoise as an endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer a commonsense amendment to the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
My amendment will protect education, grazing, agriculture, energy, housing interests, as well as assist with 
preventing dangerous wildfires by blocking the Fish and Wildlife Service from listing the Sonoran desert tortoise as an endangered or threatened species. A listing decision for the Sonoran desert tortoise is expected this fiscal year. 
that will likely be designated for critical habitat due to such a listing, 15 million acres are located in the United States, and nearly 4.5 million acres are State trust land. 
currently enjoyed by 13 beneficiaries, of which K–12 education is the largest proportional share of those moneys, will be severely impacted. 
If the Sonoran desert tortoise is listed, these acres of trust land will become less valuable for investment as they are burdened with a federal regulatory nexus. Without this amendment, schools that have already undergone significant budget cuts will see even less money flowing into their educational coffers. 
substantial concern to many different types of industry, as its habitat falls within urban development corridors as well as on rural and agricultural landscapes. 
endangered will negatively impact commercial, housing and energy developers as well as the agriculture and grazing industries. 
Specifically, a listing would be detrimental for 273 different grazing allotments and would jeopardize nearly 6 million acres used for livestock grazing. 
listed 9,675 new mining claims from 1990 to 2002, 36 percent of which fall within the Sonoran desert tortoise’s habitat. 
Any ground and vegetationdisturbing activities, including fire suppression activities and restorative treatments, would also be negatively impacted by a listing decision for the species. 
harmed, as large solar projects on desert floors are considered a potential threat to the Sonoran desert tortoise. 
significant voluntary efforts and financial contributions for the Sonoran desert tortoise to continue, many of which are already underway at the local level. 
began for the species in 2010, and a Candidate Conservation Agreement was recently signed by 15 different agencies in February. 
become listed, these voluntary efforts and moneys will dissipate as local property owners, ranchers, and developers will no longer have any incentive to work with the Federal and State wildlife management agencies on conservation efforts for the species. My amendment is supported by the 
Public Lands Council, the National Cattlemen’s Beef Association, Americans for Limited Government, the Arizona Cattlemen’s Association, the Arizona Farm Bureau, the Arizona Mining Association, the Home Builders Association of Central Arizona, and numerous other organizations that are strongly opposed to this listing. 
member for their tireless efforts to produce this bill. 
amendment would do two things. First, it would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from treating the Sonoran desert tortoise as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act. Secondly, it would restrict the Service from offering any of the critical protections to preserve the species. 
iconic species. It has been part of the Sonoran Desert ecosystem for over 150,000 years. In 2010, the Fish and Wildlife Service found that the listing for the Sonoran desert tortoise was warranted, but it was precluded because it needed to address other higher priorities. 
So last December the Service announced that it was working on a proposed listing determination that is expected to be published within the year. 
would stop the Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts and block the Service from meeting a courtordered deadline to make this listing determination. In other words, they would put the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service at odds with what the court has requested them to do. This amendment has no place in the appropriations process, nor does it have any place in this legislative process. 
Let’s just think about the Endangered Species Act for a minute. It has been one of our most effective and important environmental laws, and it is supported by over 85 percent of Americans. 
more important in preventing the extinction of wildlife, but some Members of this body seem determined to undermine the law by placing harmful policy riders on this bill. 
there are at least 10 species that are at risk of losing the Endangered Species Act protections in this bill. 
we leaving for future generations? That is why I oppose the amendment, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it as well. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the 
growing problem involving large settlements with the environmental groups who sue the Fish and Wildlife Service’s regulatory protections with regard to a large number of different wildlife and plant species. 
These multidistrict litigation settlements, commonly known as ‘‘sue and settle tactics,’’ force the Fish and Wildlife Service to make listing decisions on several hundred species, often with little or no scientific data supporting these listings and without public input to this process. 
lawsuit filed by a few special interest groups aimed at stifling development and has nothing to do with the tortoise. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement or enforce section 117, 121, or 122 of this Act. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Massachusetts and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment, which I offer with Mr. BEYER of Virginia, would strike three 
policy riders related to the Endangered Species Act from the underlying bill, those concerning the greater sage grouse, the northern longeared bat, and the gray wolf. I want to focus my remarks on the greater sagegrouse. 
to block an Endangered Species Act listing of the bird is unnecessary and is completely inappropriate, putting both the species and the historic quintessentially American sagebrush steppe landscape at risk. 
sagebrush steppe as a ‘‘forest in exquisite miniature.’’ At one point, as many as 16 million greater sagegrouse called the sagebrush sea home. Settlers traveling west said that flocks of sage grouse ‘‘blackened the sky.’’ Today the population has been reduced to as few as 200,000 birds. 
and proactive partnerships throughout the West which are working to conserve sagebrush habitat, to encourage predictability for economic development, and to prevent the listing of the greater sagegrouse as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Species Act. 
ranchers, farmers, and conservationists have all come together in this effort. In 
fact, the 10 land management plans released by the Interior Department last month are based on plans developed by the States, not one size fits all, but individual plans to suit each State’s individual needs. This is all the result of a concerted collaboration. 
States themselves agree that, as long as these partnerships continue, it is likely that the greater sagegrouse will not be listed as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Species Act. 
the rider in this bill creates uncertainty and only undermines the immense coordinated progress already underway. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
talk about the three different provisions to this amendment. Let me first talk about the sagegrouse. 
is meant to give the Fish and Wildlife Service time to make a determination of whether there ought to be a listing or not. The court has ordered them to make a determination by, I think, September 30. We are trying to give them the time necessary. 
States. It is not going to affect Massachusetts, by the way, but it is going to affect 11 Western States substantially. 
They have recently put out their resource management plans to the States. There is a period in which the States have a chance to interact with the Federal agency and raise their complaints and so forth about what the problems are with their resource management plans. 
Wildlife Service and the States—the 11 Western States, by the way, not Massachusetts—the time to come up with a plan so that we don’t list this bird. 
States—everybody, essentially—agree we don’t want sagegrouse listed. The States have made incredible progress and have made incredible sacrifices. 
want to say, millions of acres which have potential resources off the table in order to protect the sagegrouse. So we have taken extraordinary efforts to make sure that we don’t list this bird. 
the fact is that the Fish and Wildlife Service delisted the wolves. It was not us. We didn’t want to go against science. We are not going against science. We aren’t trying to make any species become extinct. 
in their use of science that delisted the wolves. But guess what. Some people weren’t happy with that; so, they took them to court. And now we are in a court case. The same thing happened in 
off the endangered species list. Some people think we are trying to delist species, and we are not. We are going back to the decision made by the Fish and Wildlife Service to delist the wolves in the Great Lakes and in the State of Wyoming. 
I think, if you want to talk about the 
cost and if you want to complain about what is going on here, you really ought to complain to the plaintiffs who are causing all of this hassle with wolves when the States have done exactly what they were supposed to do. 
Lakes particularly have exploded. In Idaho and Montana, they have exploded. In Wyoming, they have exploded. That is why the Fish and Wildlife Service delisted them. 
bit of science that there is that deals with endangered species. So I would urge my colleagues to reject this amendment even though it doesn’t affect Massachusetts. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to first comment that Massachusetts, at one time, was home to the Heath Hen, which is the greater sagegrouse’s cousin. 
an Endangered Species Act, that Heath Hen is now, unfortunately, extinct. So we have learned an important lesson about the great role the Endangered Species Act does play to protect some of our remarkable species. 
hear from some Members of Congress, gray wolves have not recovered. In a test by the Fish and Wildlife Service to remove them from the Endangered Species Act, protections for wolves have failed time and again. 
have shown and the courts have confirmed that the best available science does not justify the removal of all ESA protections for gray wolves at this time. 
wolves have been delisted has been through the unprecedented and unfortunate congressional action in 2011 to remove protections from wolves in the Northern Rocky Mountains. 
These wolves are now endlessly persecuted by hunters and ranchers despite the positive effects they have on the ecosystem and the minimal toll they take on livestock. 
Wolfrelated tourism around Yellowstone generates more than $35 million annually for local economies, and recovery in the Pacific Northwest is only beginning. 
This amendment would prevent Congress from directing the Fish and Wildlife Service to reissue the delisting of wolves in the western Great Lakes and Wyoming. Now is not the time for Congress to declare open season on one of America’s most iconic wild animals. Science, not politics, should guide these delisting decisions. 
By the way, wolves are not in Massachusetts, they are not in Virginia, and they never will be as long as we do not continue our efforts to protect wolves and allow them to occupy the old territories they did a few hundred years ago. 
the Fish and Wildlife Service to move forward with steps to protect the northern longeared bat. Over the past decade, populations of the bat have declined 98 percent, mostly because of the deadly effects of whitenose syndrome. As a result, Fish and Wildlife Service recently listed the bat as a threatened species. While scientists and wildlife managers work to fight the spread of whitenose syndrome, it is important to ensure that the remaining bat populations are safe from other threats. 
governing taking of the bat is incredibly flexible and was developed in close coordination with industry stakeholders, particularly the timber industry, to ensure that economic activity is not negatively impacted. 
The final rule is expected to be similarly flexible. The language in this bill will only serve as a delay tactic, causing additional uncertainty for businesses and property owners, and this amendment would effectively strike these unnecessary sections from the bill. 
gentleman. I appreciate the gentleman’s comments. I do have some gray wolves in Idaho, Montana, Wyoming, and other places that we will be happy to ship to you if you like. In fact, we didn’t have any in Idaho until Fish and Wildlife Service decided that they were going to reintroduce them in Idaho. 
it has on cattle, wildlife, and other types of things, there were gray wolves in Idaho that one sheep rancher lost over 300 head of sheep in one night to some wolves. That ends his business, essentially. So it is not a minimal take. If you look at the calftocow ratio of elk and deer in Idaho, the numbers have been down substantially, particularly with elk because, guess what, they like elk, even though we were told that they will go after deer and not elk. Wolves, I guess, like elk better than they do deer. 
The gentleman says we need to depend on science, not Congress. Congress never delisted a species. We didn’t delist the gray wolves in Idaho and Montana. It was the Fish and Wildlife Service using science. When you 
say the gray wolves have not recovered, where is your science? Where do you get that? Where does that statement come from? Fish and Wildlife Service that has done the investigations said yes, they have. So do we just not trust them? 
amendment that are going against science. We are just trying to make sure that the science is protected, and politics doesn’t enter. We appreciate the people of Virginia and the people of Massachusetts trying to make sure that the wolves are healthy in Idaho. I can guarantee you they are. They are not persecuted, as you said. Yes, they are hunted, but anybody who believed we were going to introduce wolves into Idaho or Montana where they hadn’t been for a number of years and you weren’t going to have to maintain population controls of them was living in a fantasyland. 
wolves, as we do almost all species, but we have to maintain a certain population, and if that population isn’t maintained, guess what. Fish and Wildlife takes over, and they go back on the endangered list. So it is not Congress that is making these decisions. It is Fish and Wildlife Service. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I just 
want to reiterate that the riders in the underlying bill will do nothing to help our native species but, instead, only serve to cause uncertainty and delay, undermining all the concerted effort by many stakeholders, all seeking to avoid a listing, particularly with the sagegrouse. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used for the United Nations Environment Programme. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman 
offer one final amendment to the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. 
The amendment is simple. It prohibits the EPA from providing funding to the United Nations Environment Programme. The United Nations Environment Programme, or UNEP—I would call it inept—has a history of taking unusual and extreme policy positions, including advocating for population control. 
The United Nations is typically funded in the State Department’s budget under contributions to international organizations, or CIL. The funds appropriated by this act are meant to be used domestically, not as a slush fund to give to programs at the United Nations. 
names of the UNEP initiatives that the EPA spent millions of dollars on. One is to promote environmental sound management worldwide. Another one is UNEP Regional Program, Climate Benefits, Asia Pacific. There is even one called Russian Federation Support to the National Program of Action for the Protection of the Arctic. This last one is money that goes specifically to the Russian cause. 
This work will cover three broad areas: Number one, implementation of Russia’s 
national plan of action for protection of the Arctic marine environment from anthropogenic pollution; 
So let me get this straight. In addition to the billions we contribute to the United Nations through the CIO account, the EPA is funneling millions of tax dollars to this United Nations program, which then gives the money to Russia, who then uses it to implement a Russian national plan and for climate change mitigation, adaptation, and awareness. 
U.S. taxpayers, do I need to say anything further why we need to stop this? Let’s keep the United States Environmental Protection Agency focused on issues within the United States. Our favorite outofcontrol agency need not be concerned with the AsiaPacific region or with Russia. 
commonsense amendment that is endorsed by the Americans for Limited Government, the Eagle Forum, the Taxpayers Protection Alliance, the Council for Citizens Against Government Waste, and the Yavapai County Board of Supervisors. 
member for their tireless efforts in producing this bill. 
amendment would prohibit any agency from using funds for the United Nations Environment Programme. Funds for the U.N. are primarily provided through the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Subcommittee. The EPA administers about $500,000 of international grants, not the millions or the billions that were referred to in this particular bill. So I strongly oppose the amendment. 
is a small amount of funding administered for the U.N. Environment Programme in this bill. The primary source of funding for the international programs, I want to stress again, is in the State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs bill, not this bill. 
problem that really doesn’t exist in this bill, but jurisdictional questions aside, we must be an international partner with respect to the environment. Engagement with the international community allows us to share and learn best practices on how to manage toxic substances; international engagement helps set international standards to help our products compete globally; and, more importantly, pollution knows no boundaries. It does not respect international borders. 
In the 1970s and 1980s, acid rain was a 
problem both in the United States and Canada, and through domestic legislation and international work with Canada, we have reduced the amount of acid rain that falls upon the United States and Canada. Now, right now in my home State of Minnesota, we are under a high pollution warning. The culprit is, sadly, a series of forest fires that are raging to the north border of us in Saskatchewan. Now, if we are going to be committed to clean air and clean water on the CanadianU.S. border, we must be engaged both here at home and abroad. 
proud Member of the United States Congress, I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment and to work together in partnership. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Let’s set the record 
straight. CRS, hardly a partisan effort, since 2003 reports they spent over $6 million in foreign agencies in this very fund. Imagine that. The facts are only convenient when they help us on our side. 
about this, let’s put it in the State Department budget and let’s talk about it, but let’s not hide it in the EPA. Let’s keep the EPA’s budget and dealings right here in the United States where they belong. They hardly have a track record of success here in the States. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to stress again that, in this bill, there is $500,000. And I would also like to stress, when it comes to regulating waters in the Great Lakes, our tributary rivers and basins on the northern border—and I am sure the same thing, I can’t speak with as much eloquence as to what is happening on our southern border—we need to have these international interlocutors. I would appreciate the opportunity for my State and for the Great Lakes States to be able to continue the strong partnership with our Canadian partners. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, with an over 
$18 trillion debt, when is enough enough? If we are going to talk about foreign expenditures of dollars, let’s put it in the State Department budget and make sure we have an open and honest conversation, but it does not belong here. We have to start concentrating on what is important to the United States, not Russia. I guess that is Putin’s kind of game is that we clean up his messes for him. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement or enforce section 120 of this Act. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the inception of the debate and discussion regarding this appropriations bill, I indicated I would offer an amendment to prevent language in the bill from driving the extinction of the African elephants. 
I expect the administration to release its proposed ivory rule this month, and it deserves the support of every Member of this Chamber. This rider that is currently in the language of the bill is another unfounded attack on an endangered species that our Nation’s top scientific experts have concluded will go extinct without the protection of the Endangered Species Act, under which this rule is being promulgated. 
I mentioned in my previous statement the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service recently destroyed a oneton stockpile of illegal elephant ivory, most of it seized in Philadelphia from an antique 
freshly killed African elephants in violation of U.S. law and the laws of the countries where the elephants were poached, and the ivory was stolen. The ivory was doctored so that it looked old enough to pass through a loophole in the law. All of this ivory is illegal. All of it is nearly impossible to distinguish from antique ivory, and anyone who bought it from Gordon and resells it or buys it from a new owner is contributing to the ongoing slaughter of elephants and the criminal trafficking of ivory that supports organized crime and terrorism. 
from being involved in this elephant poaching and trafficking crisis is to eliminate the commercial import, export, and trade of African elephant ivory in our country. Ending the commercial ivory trade will set an example for China and other countries to follow, but they will not act until we do. 
personal possessions, nor will it bar the movement of musical instruments or museum pieces; but to save elephants, we have to eliminate the value of ivory. 
Sadly, this rider is just another example of House Republicans driving the extinction of wildlife one species at a time. 
this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague’s thoughtful comments regarding crisis levels of poaching and wildlife trafficking and the need to do something about it. This is a deadly serious matter with national security implications. That is why this bill has increased funding by $15 million since fiscal year 2013 in order to fight wildlife poachers and traffickers. 
want to see elephants go extinct; but when the Fish and Wildlife Service made the unilateral determination to ban the trade and transport of products containing ivory that have been in the United States legally for years, we heard from orchestra musicians, art museums, wildlife conservation organizations, collectors of fine antiques from chess pieces to pool cues to firearms, and nearly everyone in every organization in between. 
They are united in support for elephants, but they are also united in their opposition to new Federal restrictions on products that contain ivory legally obtained. The reality is family heirlooms and rare musical instruments didn’t cause the problem, and 
This bill keeps the status quo, allowing for continued legal trade and transport so that collectors, musicians, and others can get on with their lives until the Fish and Wildlife Service writes a rule that reflects the legitimate concerns of lawabiding U.S. citizens. 
just days away from publishing a revised rule to address most of these concerns. If that is the case and if the revised rule solves the problem, then there will be no need for this provision in the final conference report later in the year. 
In any case, I remain fully committed to working with my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to find a reasonable solution moving forward. In the meantime, I must oppose this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
for yielding, and I also thank the chairman for his comments. 
The U.S. is the world’s second largest market for ivory. Only China has a greater demand. 
Obama announced a ban on the commercial trade of elephant ivory. This ban is the best way to ensure that U.S. markets do not contribute to the further decline of African elephants in the wild. 
declined by an estimated 50 percent over the last 40 years, with approximately 35,000 elephants poached every year. That amounts to one elephant poached every 15 minutes. 
been undertaking a series of administrative actions, including a proposed rule in order to implement the ban. Section 120 would prevent the Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing this rule and other policies necessary to crack down on the domestic illegal ivory market. 
not do everything possible to stop the illegal slaughter of African elephants. 
prevent section 120 from being enacted. We must allow the FWS to continue its efforts to prevent the extinction of the African elephant. 
my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ). 
are going to stop the slaughter of African elephants, we need to stop the illegal trade in ivory. This rider has nothing to do with the 
unprecedented poaching crisis, and it ignores the impact of the illegal ivory trade within the United States and the way that it is impacting the African elephants’ survival. 
States’ ability to push other countries with significant ivory markets—like China, Vietnam, and Thailand—to take stronger actions to restrict ivory trade. 
In fact, according to a recent Washington Post article, China has signaled that its actions to further restrict ivory trade were contingent on what the United States does to regulate our domestic trade. 
United States to combat wildlife trafficking and to ensure that we don’t contribute to the growing global demand for elephant ivory, which is also funding terrorism around the world. 
We need to come up with a responsible set of regulations that protect elephants, while making accommodations to allow certain activities to continue that do not pose a threat to elephants. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GRIJALVA ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
Mr. GRIJALVA. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer this amendment together with my colleagues and fellow committee chairmen, Mr. CONAWAY from Texas and Mr. 
The amendment addresses the Environmental Protection Agency’s continuing pattern of obstruction and 
Since January 2014, the EPA has proposed or finalized new, farreaching rules that impact almost every aspect of the American economy. These rules involve major expansions of Federal authority, massive costs to the economy, and are based on secret science that the EPA keeps hidden from external review or scrutiny. 
Congress has a constitutional responsibility to perform rigorous oversight of the executive branch. However, as chairman of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, nearly every request for information I make to EPA is greeted with repeated delays, partial responses, or outright refusals to cooperate. 
forced to issue a subpoena to obtain information related to Administrator Gina McCarthy’s deletion of almost 6,000 text messages sent and received on her official Agency mobile device. She claimed that all but one was personal. 
Most recently, the committee requested information and documents related to the EPA’s development of the waters of the U.S. rule and the Agency’s inappropriate lobbying of and collaboration with outside organizations to generate grassroots support. 
requested documents. The committee was forced to notice its intention to issue a subpoena. 
bits and pieces after months or years of delay are not the actions of an open and transparent administration. They are the actions of an Agency and administration that has something to hide. 
It is clear that the EPA does not see 
its job as facilitating transparency and oversight. It seems to believe its mission is to delay, obstruct, and otherwise attempt to stonewall any attempt by Congress to fulfill its constitutional oversight obligation on behalf of the American people. 
agency. We are taking further action with this amendment to reduce funding for EPA’s offices. The EPA must refocus its efforts on transparency and cooperation with Congress and the American people. At that point, we could consider restoring their funding. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
clearly is a Republican attempt to cut funding from the Environmental Protection Agency. As an agency that protects the air we all breathe, protects the water we drink, the fish we eat, it means that the EPA works every day to protect the health of every American. 
against the administration for work that they have been doing to enforce those protections. 
complain about a lack of timely response from the EPA and then turn around and slash the very funding that allows the EPA Administrator and Agency staff to respond to our concerns. 
Crippling cuts to the office of congressional relations will not only make it more difficult for Members of Congress to get our questions answered— and those of our constituents—by slashing the office of intergovernmental agency affairs, this amendment would make it harder for State and local officials to gather the information they need to protect their communities. 
the EPA that they should cut back on meeting and getting recommendations from local government advisory committees or tell our elected officials at a State level that they are going to have even a harder time getting a hold of someone at the EPA to help them form agreements to address their priority needs. 
the EPA for protecting public health and the environment, and this amendment would undermine those partnerships. This amendment would make it more difficult for the people’s representatives at the Federal, State, and local level to reach out and get support and answers from the EPA in order to protect the health of their constituents. 
opposing these cuts, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CHAFFETZ ), 
the chairman of the Oversight and Government Reform Committee. 
thank Mr. SMITH of Texas and Mr. C ONAWAY of Texas for their good work on 
sent to the EPA from the Oversight and Government Reform Committee regarding the waters of the United States rulemaking. All went unanswered until the Science Committee threatened to subpoena. 
and most offensive to us is even when we do bipartisan work—in a bipartisan letter, we asked the EPA to provide a response to a request concerning collections of use of fees and fines—and even when we do it in a bipartisan way, those go unresponded to. They failed to even provide a staff briefing on the collection and use of fines and penalties, despite repeated requests. 
take away their money, then they won’t able to respond. 
so they obviously don’t need the money if they are not going to respond—even 
when we do so in a very professional, bipartisan way, asking legitimate questions about the use of these funds and how this Agency works. 
for information regarding actions of a previous Administrator, among other document requests. Responses were inadequate, and a subpoena was filed. 
the documents 6 months after a subpoena was issued, 6 months after this happened. This is just not tolerable. There needs to be consequences for this. They obviously don’t need these funds if they are going to be so unresponsive even when we do so in a bipartisan way. 
Smith amendment. I think it is a good amendment. It is a responsible way to move forward. I appreciate the good work the Appropriations Committee has done in their support and their work. I, again, thank Mr. SMITH for his 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a portion of an existing contract or agreement with a concessioner, a cooperating association, or any other entity that provides for the sale in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of a noneducational item that depicts a Confederate flag on it. 
The Acting CHAIR. Does the gentleman ask unanimous consent to withdraw this amendment? 
Mr. HUFFMAN. If it can be substituted with the proper amendment, yes. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the amendment is withdrawn. 
There was no objection. Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chair, you 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a 
portion of an existing contract or agreement with a concessioner, a cooperating association, or any other entity that provides for the sale in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of an item with a Confederate flag as a standalone feature. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
tragic shooting in Charleston, South Carolina, has forced a national conversation about symbols like the Confederate battle flag that represent racism, slavery, and division. 
South Carolina and other Southern States, both Democrat and Republican, who have called on their States to end the display of the Confederate flag on government property, including State houses and license plates. With the consideration of the Interior Appropriations bill, this House now has an opportunity to add its voice by ending the promotion of the cruel, racist legacy of the Confederacy. 
its gift shops, bookstores, and other concessionaires to voluntarily end the sale of standalone items, such as flags, pins, and belt buckles that contain imagery of the Confederate flag. While many concessionaires have agreed to do this, I am dismayed by reports that some will continue to sell items with Confederate flag imagery. This amendment to the Interior Appropriations bill would end these sales. It would prevent the National Park Service from allowing the continued promotion of the Confederacy through these symbols. 
Walmart, Amazon, and eBay are already taking their own steps to ban sales of this type of merchandise, and we now have an obligation to ensure that the Federal agencies that we oversee act with the same moral clarity. 
time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the 
Georgia). Without objection, the gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. 
There was no objection. Mr. CALVERT. The language now in 
this amendment is consistent with the National Park Service policy, and I would support this language as you presently have it drafted. I would urge its adoption. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUFFMAN. I yield 2 minutes to 
This amendment, as Chairman CALVERT pointed out, is consistent with 
the recent National Park Service actions to further limit the display of the Confederate flag in units of the National Park system. 
Previous National Park Service policy had already provided that the Confederate flag would not be flown alone for many park flagpoles. 
further requested that the Confederate flag sale items be removed from the National Park bookstores and gift shops. This also follows a decision by several large national retailers, including Walmart, Amazon, and Sears, to stop selling items with Confederate flags on them. 
I agree with these decisions and commend those involved for their prompt action. 
While in certain and very limited instances it may be appropriate in national parks to display an image of the Confederate flag in its historical context, a general display or sale of Confederate flags is inappropriate and divisive. 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I respectfully request an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to reduce or terminate any of the propagation programs listed in the March, 2013, National Fish Hatchery System Strategic Hatchery and Workforce Planning Report. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I rise today to offer an amendment that recognizes and supports the important role of fish hatcheries nationwide. 
the hard work of the committee and your recognition of the importance of fish hatcheries already there. I also want to thank my friend from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ) for cosponsoring 
bill from being used to reduce or terminate any of the existing propagation programs listed in the March 2013 National Fish Hatchery System Strategic Hatchery and Workforce Planning Report. 
that the Fish and Wildlife Service view hatcheries, and particularly mitigation 
hatcheries, as a low priority program. Personally, I believe that stocking the tailwaters, streams, lakes, and rivers of America should be a higher priority. Hatcheries provide an important service, including providing our Nation’s anglers with the recreational enjoyment and opportunities to catch fish; and they can be particularly vital to economic growth in rural areas, including northeast Georgia. 
hatcheries is obvious when you look at the Chattahoochee National Forest Fish Hatchery. This hatchery is located back home in Georgia’s Ninth Congressional District. It stocks the tailwaters of multiple projects for the Army Corps of Engineers and the Tennessee Valley Authority with rainbow trout for the enjoyment of 160,000 anglers per year. Without this facility, the tailwaters would be barren. 
Hatchery is a critical economic driver in the quiet mountain town of Suches, Georgia, and the surrounding community. This rural town in Fannin County doesn’t have any major stores or banks, but it does have the hatchery. The hatchery has generated over $30 million in total economic input on just $740,000 in investment. It has a $40 return on investment for every dollar spent and provides enjoyment to many, many people. 
Hatchery plays an integral role in the sustainability of businesses and communities in northeast Georgia. From providing environmental education and public outreach opportunities to visitors, school groups, and various other organizations to facilitating recreational opportunities, northeast Georgia would not be the same without this facility. 
is one example of the importance of propagation programs at national fish hatcheries nationwide. These hatcheries are job creators and economic growth engines. They provide critical services to rural America and play an important educational role. They support anglers with recreational services and responsibly stock the rivers to keep the habitats in order. Despite this, however, the Department of Fish and Wildlife places propagation programs, including those in the Chattahoochee National Fish Hatchery, among the lowest of their funding priorities. 
funds to the Fish and Wildlife Service are consistent with the agency’s mission and statutory responsibility. 
gentleman from Georgia to know that I support his amendment and would urge its adoption. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS IN CONTRAVEN TION OF EXECUTIVE ORDERS REGARDING CLI MATE CHANGE  
by this Act may be expended in contravention of Executive Order 13514 of October 5, 2009 or Executive Order 13653 of November 1, 2013. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of global climate change is the existential crisis of our generation and, perhaps, of our century. 
Global temperature changes are already causing prolonged droughts, extreme weather events, and rising sea levels. Tens of millions of people, especially the poorest and the most vulnerable among us, are at risk unless we act to reverse the disastrous effects of climate change. 
warning us that unless carbon emissions are dramatically cut, we will see ever rising sea levels, ever more extreme weather, and ever worsening public health, poor air quality, the spread of tropical diseases, lung and heart and heat stress illnesses, and death. 
comprehensive report quantifying the economic costs of a changing climate across 20 sectors of the American economy. Among the findings, the report found that, by 2100, mitigating greenhouse global gas emissions could avoid 12,000 deaths per year that are associated with extreme temperatures in just 49 U.S. cities compared to a future with no emission reductions. 
property from sea level rise and storm surge in the contiguous U.S. are $5 trillion through the year 2100 in a future without carbon emissions. 
recently released a report revealing that over $40 billion of National Park infrastructure and historic and cultural resources could be at risk due to sea level rise caused by climate change. 
change is particularly crucial in urban districts that border waterways, like 
mine, where we are already seeing environmental effects. Now is the time when the U.S. should be deepening its commitment to reducing climate change pollution. 
those of the agencies named in this bill, have major impacts on our contributions and reactions to global warning. It is imperative, then, that these agencies maintain mindfulness of those impacts and that they seek to avoid actions that add significant amounts of carbon pollution to the atmosphere or actions that put people and property in the vulnerable position with respect to climate change. 
offering an amendment to ensure that no funds are spent on activities that are not in compliance with the President’s 2009 executive order on greenhouse gas emissions and energy efficiency and the 2013 executive order on climate change adaptation. 
global warming into account when making decisions and will save taxpayer dollars while making our communities safer and cleaner. 
smart, because making our Federal investments and actions climate smart reduces our fiscal exposure to the impacts of climate change. 
It is the right thing to do to run an 
efficient and effective government. It is the right thing to do to return the highest value to the American taxpayer. 
front mean we can reduce future costs. Communities across the Nation are thinking this way. We need to ensure that the same is true for the Federal Government. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment to ensure that Federal agencies are operating in the manner that accounts for climate change. 
debated whether or not to continue a bipartisan reporting requirement in the bill on climate change expenditures. My colleague on the other side of the aisle wanted to remove the requirements, which would have reduced transparency. Now he wants to ensure that funds are being expended on climate and efficiency executive orders issued by the President. So I am left to wonder whether my colleagues would prefer to know if funds are spent on these programs or not. 
Regardless, this amendment is simply unnecessary. The President did not consult Congress on these executive orders, so, if anything, we should defund the programs until Congress can have 
I see no reason to include this language, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to my colleague from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). 
Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Chairman, I support this amendment which will ensure that no funds are spent on activities that are not in compliance with the President’s executive order on greenhouse gas emissions and energy efficiency and the 2013 executive order on climate change adaptation. 
These orders require agencies to simply take global warming into account when making decisions. This will save taxpayers lots of money while making our communities safer and cleaner. 
Fighting climate change has to be regarded as the biggest imperative of our time. 
to this issue and taken important bold steps to confront it, including passing Assembly Bill 32, the world’s most aggressive greenhouse gas reduction policy. At the Federal level, President Obama’s efforts, through these orders, are critical steps toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions and addressing climate change. 
measures is the least we can do on this critical issue; and, frankly, we should be doing much more. So I urge my colleagues to support the gentleman from Virginia’s (Mr. BEYER ) amendment and 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
want to begin by thanking the committee for the excellent job that they have done under Chairman CALVERT ’s 
leadership with bringing this appropriations bill in under budget. It is $3 billion below the President’s request. There is still $30.17 billion in proposed 
amendment that I regularly offer to these appropriations bills, which is a 1 percent acrosstheboard spending cut. Let’s go in and let’s take one more penny out of every dollar and use that to bolster the good work that our committee has done. 
like about this bill is there is a 9 percent reduction in the EPA budget compared to last year. We all know we need to rein in the EPA. We are all for clean air, clean water, clean environment. We have different ways of getting there. 
out there negatively impact—they negatively impact our communities. But we know there is more work that we have to do on this $30 billion budget. 
My amendment would reduce the discretionary budget authority by $292 million and would reduce outlays by $193 million. 
Now, I know that this is not a popular amendment with a lot of those who feel like we have cut, cut, cut and we can’t cut any more. 
can look at the GAO reports and the inspector general reports and see there is plenty of room to cut. We just recently went into the last 4 years of inspector general reports. Guess what. We found $165 million of identified waste in the Department of the Interior. 
employees in our Federal Government, to make them a team and a partner with us as we work on this issue of getting our budget rightsized. 
colleague for her consistent work to protect taxpayer dollars, this is not an approach I can support. 
While the President may have proposed a budget that exceeds this bill, the increases were paid for with proposals and gimmicks that would never be enacted. This bill makes tough choices within an allocation that adheres to current law. 
made, the bill in its current form balances our needs. These tradeoffs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts and are responsible. 
We prioritize funding for fire suppression, PILT, and meeting our moral obligations in Indian Country, yet the gentlewoman’s amendment proposes an acrosstheboard cut on every one of those programs. 
This amendment makes no distinction between where we need to be spending to invest in energy independence and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals. 
problem is not within these discretionary appropriation bills, which we are debating at the present time. It exists primarily in entitlement spending. 
So I hope we can spend as much energy on the entitlement side of the budget as we are on the discretionary side of the budget. If so, we would fix our budget problems. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. I thank the chairman for yielding me the time. 
oppose. It institutes a 1 percent across theboard cut. 
Interior bill. This bill before us today is $2 billion, $2 billion below 2010enacted levels. And when you adjust this bill for inflation, it is at 2005 levels. 
cuts programs without any thought to the merit of the program that is contained in this bill. 
fewer patients being able to be seen at the Indian Health Service; fewer safety inspectors ensuring accidents do not occur; deferred maintenance on our Nation’s drinking water and sanitation infrastructure, which is already underfunded in this bill. 
environmental infrastructure and public lands will just be halted, and associated jobs would be lost with it. 
underfunded, underfunded. When adjusted for inflation, it is at 2005 levels. This amendment would not encourage agencies to do more with less. It would simply force agencies and our constituents to do less with less. 
in this town. We have $18 trillion worth of debt, and it is time to get a handle on that. 
threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt. Let’s put the focus on our priorities: 
keeping our sovereignty and keeping our Nation safe and secure. 
This is something we do for our children. It is something we can do for our national security. A penny on a dollar to get this spending under control. 
local government use this all the time. They can’t go print money and run up debt. 
Tennessee, what did we do? We didn’t go home until we balanced the budget because we had an obligation to get it done right the first time, before we walked out the door. 
And I do hope that we will put attention on our entitlements. But that is no excuse for not addressing what is in front of us today. To not address what is in front of us today is to kick the can down the road. 
aren’t making and taking home as much as they were in 2005. They think we should reduce Federal spending even more, reduce the Federal workforce even more, because government is getting too expensive to afford. 
this process. It has worked for the States. It will work for the Federal Government. Let’s get our fiscal house in order. A good place to start is right here with this amendment that would save another $193 million in outlays and $292 million in discretionary budget authority. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the 
last point. I appreciate the gentlewoman’s concern about the deficit that we have. 
percent of our expenditures were on the entitlement side of the budget. Today it is over 60 percent, over 60 percent. So we need to attack that side of the budget line. 
If we placed as much energy on entitlement spending as we have on discretionary, not only would the budget be balanced, but we would be moving toward paying off our national debt. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
of Nevada) having assumed the chair, Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Acting Chair of 
the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
MOTION TO PERMIT CLOSED CONFERENCE MEETINGS ON H.R. 1735, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2016 
pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, I move that meetings of the conference between the House and Senate on H.R. 1735 may be closed to the public at such times as classified national security information may be broached, provided that any sitting Member of Congress shall be entitled to attend any meeting of the conference. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12 of rule XXII, the motion is not debatable, and the yeas and nays are ordered. 
15minute vote on the motion to authorize closure of conference meetings will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 91. 
The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 402, nays 12, not voting 19, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Ashford Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bonamici Bost Boustany Boyle, Brendan 
Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capps Capuano 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene 
Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs 
Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer 
Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer 
RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Young (IN) Zeldin Zinke 
Brown (FL) Bucshon Clarke (NY) Culberson Davis, Danny Deutch Gutie´rrez Higgins 
Mr. ELLISON, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN, Messrs. BLUMENAUER and SANFORD, and Mrs. LUMMIS changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ 
and Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ 
So the motion was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced 
business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 91) to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to issue, upon request, veteran identification cards to certain veterans, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The 
question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) that the House suspend the 
This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 411, nays 0, not voting 22, as follows: 
Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Babin Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Becerra Benishek Bera Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Bonamici Bost Boustany Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Bridenstine Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Burgess Bustos 
Carney Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Chaffetz Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clawson (FL) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comstock Conaway Connolly Conyers Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Courtney 
Cramer Crawford Crenshaw Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Denham Dent DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Dold Donovan Doyle, Michael 
Duckworth Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Edwards Ellison Ellmers (NC) Emmer (MN) Engel Eshoo 
Esty Farenthold Farr Fattah Fincher Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Fleming Flores Forbes Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Franks (AZ) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gibbs Gibson Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Graham Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Grayson Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guinta Guthrie Hahn Hanna Hardy Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck (NV) Heck (WA) Hensarling 
Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Hill Himes Holding Honda Hoyer Hudson Huelskamp Huffman Huizenga (MI) Hultgren Hunter Hurd (TX) Hurt (VA) Israel Issa Jackson Lee Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jolly Jones Jordan Joyce Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger (IL) Kirkpatrick Kline Knight Kuster Labrador LaMalfa Lamborn 
Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lee Levin Lewis Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham 
Lummis Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Massie Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McDermott McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris 
McNerney McSally Meadows Meehan Meeks Meng Messer Mica Miller (MI) Moolenaar Mooney (WV) 
Moore Moulton Mullin Mulvaney Murphy (FL) Murphy (PA) Nadler Napolitano Neal Neugebauer Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Nugent Nunes O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pitts Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Pompeo Posey Price (NC) Price, Tom Quigley Rangel Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci 
Ribble Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Rigell Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce Ruiz Ruppersberger Russell Ryan (OH) Ryan (WI) Salmon Sa´nchez, Linda 
Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Slaughter Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) 
Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Stutzman Swalwell (CA) Takai Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tiberi Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Van Hollen Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez 
Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman 
Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westmoreland Whitfield Williams Wilson (FL) 
Brat Brown (FL) Bucshon Clarke (NY) Culberson Davis, Danny 
So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. 
No. 391, I was in the chamber and my vote did not register. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote today on the motion to close portions of the conference report on H.R. 1735 and the Senate amendment to H.R. 91 because I was attending the funeral of a dear friend in Chicago. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on both. 
Mr. GUTIE ´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent for the following votes on July 7, 2015. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall votes 390 and 391. 
being unavoidably detained, I missed the following rollcall votes: No. 390 and No. 391 on July 7, 2015. 
No. 390—Authorizing conferees to close meetings for H.R. 1735, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2016 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, ‘‘aye,’’ rollcall vote No. 391—on motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 91—Veterans I.D. Card Act of 2015, ‘‘aye.’’ 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5, STUDENT SUCCESS ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2647, RESILIENT FEDERAL FORESTS ACT OF 2015 
Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 114–192) on the resolution (H. Res. 347) providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education, protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act 
and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
333 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 2822. 
itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, with Mr. EMMER of 
The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 6, printed in the CONGRES SIONAL RECORD , offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. B LACK BURN ), had been postponed, and the bill 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arizona and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to offer an amendment that will reaffirm Congress’ support for the enforcement of grazing fees on public lands. 
not a right, and it is critical that individual ranchers who use these lands abide by the law and pay their fair share. 
confirms that grazing permits or leases should not be issued to anyone who 
does not comply with BLM regulations. My amendment does not penalize people for forgetting to repair a fence or for forgetting to make a payment once or twice. 
egregious violations of grazing regulations are not going to be allowed to happen under the taxpayers’ watch, as there are American taxpayers who work every day to ensure that all of their regulations are met. 
fees go toward the management, maintenance, and improvement of public rangeland. The vast majority of ranchers understands how important these efforts are and pay their fees on time, but some ranchers are outright refusing to pay their grazing fees. 
known to the media, has been more than $1 million in arrears since 1993. He has ignored the executive and judicial branches of our government, expanding his herds further onto our lands without permission. 
case, has the potential to destroy habitat for protected species and to damage public property. In addition, he has instigated volatile situations that has put the lives of local and Federal Government officials at risk. 
actually applauded these dangerous actions. That is simply irresponsible. Mr. Chairman, I strongly suspect that, if anyone in my congressional district in Phoenix forcibly resisted paying the Federal Government more than $1 million, he or she would be in handcuffs instead of on television or meeting with potential Presidential candidates. 
Ultimately, however, this amendment is about more than one man. It is about upholding the basic principles that our laws should be applied fairly to everyone who lives in this country and uses its public lands. 
egregious violations of grazing regulations are not financed by the American taxpayer. To that end, I hope all Members will support this critical amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to increase the rate of any royalty required to be paid to the United States for oil and gas produced on Federal land, or to prepare or publish a proposed rule relating to such an increase. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New Mexico and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
recently issued the advanced notice of rulemaking in which they declared they were going to consider raising the royalty rates on oil and gas production on Federal land. Now, there is several reasons that we would want to consider that before we implemented it, and so our amendment simply says let’s stop the process. 
First of all, what it does is it is going 
to drive the royalty rates up on Federal lands. It will be one more impediment to producing the oil and gas that fuels this Nation’s economy. 
independent producers are already under pressure to try to just stay in business, and it would increase their operating costs. For a small State like ours, rural States, the small businesses, these local producers are sources of prosperity that are desperately missing from the rural parts of the country. 
that is healthy, if we are going to have an economy that provides jobs for the future, then we need energy that is both affordable and a predictable supply. Nothing is better than producing our own. When we have to import oil from other nations, some of those nations are unstable politically. Some just don’t like us as a country; and so why not produce our own energy, providing our own jobs and providing revenues to the Federal Government? 
given item, then you are going to see less of that item, and oil and gas is no exception. Let’s let the department think about this just a bit more before 
we rush into a royalty rate which will decrease America’s energy supply and make us more dependent on foreign oil. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I claim the 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, the amendment would prohibit the Bureau of Land Management from using its legal authorities to modernize its royalty rate structure, which would result in less revenue to the Treasury. 
and gas royalties have been the subject of repeated study by the Government Accountability Office and other entities for many years. In 2008, the GAO said the United States could be forgoing billions of dollars in revenue from the production of Federal oil and gas resources due to the lack of price flexibility in royalty rates and the inability to change the fiscal terms on existing leases. In 2013, the GAO issued another report that noted concern that the Department of the Interior had not taken the steps to change the onshore royalty rate regulations. Modernizing the Bureau of Land 
Management’s rate structures can provide critical flexibility, especially given the dramatic growth of oil development on public and tribal lands, where production has increased in each of the past 6 years and combined production was up 81 percent in 2004 versus 2008. 
It seems to me that it is critical that 
the Department of the Interior is ensuring that the public is receiving a fair return from the production of oil and gas from Federal leases. This amendment would guarantee a sweetheart deal for Big Oil companies at the expense of the American taxpayer. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, I would like 
to thank my cosponsors on this amendment: Mr. TIPTON , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. 
question whether or not revenues would increase or decrease. We have got a couple of charts here showing exactly what is happening. 
leases that the BLM issued during each administration, we can see back in the Reagan administration the highest level. It decreases down to—you can see the relative position of the Obama administration. If the administration were really interested in revenues, it seems like they would be producing the permits at a little faster rate. 
Then this chart shows the oil production; the increase in oil production in blue is shown here on private lands while the decrease in oil production on the public lands is being shown in the red. 
very interested, it seems like they would modernize not the royalty rate, but the way in which they approve these wells. Sometimes, wells go for 6 months or a year without being permitted, where States can offer 30day processing of the permits. 
gas. Again, we just see the blue on private lands where natural gas production is increasing, dramatic decreases in production of natural gas on Federal lands. Again, it looks like, if the agency were worried about the revenues, they would seek to modernize and update their procedures first. 
this amendment. I think it is a good amendment. I certainly understand his concern. 
I would urge my colleagues to support the gentleman’s amendment. 
minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chair, I rise 
in opposition to the amendment. The Bureau of Land Management has only just begun the process of examining whether royalty rates and rentals for oil and gas leases on public lands should be increased. That process should be allowed to continue. 
the results of a number of studies, the U.S. Government receives one of the lowest government takes, commonly understood to be the total revenue, as a percentage of the value of oil and natural gas produced in the entire world. 
land are at 12.5 percent, considerably less than the royalty rates even on State lands, which range from a low of 16.67 percent to 25 percentplus. These low royalty rates cheat the American taxpayers and keep them from receiving a fair return for the extraction of their oil and gas resources. 
To secure very valuable mineral rights, sometimes worth hundreds of millions of dollars, companies only have to bid a minimum, and I repeat, a minimum of $2 an acre upfront to win the lease and then $1.50 per acre each year to keep the lease. That is right, a rental of $1.50 per acre per year. This low price was last set by Congress in the 1980s and has not been adjusted since. 
This can and should change. Oil companies, some of which generate billions of dollars per quarter in profits, should pay their fair share to the American people for the development of the Nation’s public resources. Imagine if your rent had not increased since Ronald Reagan was President or if the local grocery store had not raised their prices since 1987. 
sound too good to be true, but in fact, that is exactly the sweetheart deal that we are currently giving oil and gas industries, a sweetheart deal that should end. All Americans must deal with the unavoidable reality of inflation; so why shouldn’t oil and gas companies? 
It is long past time for the BLM to 
assess better ways for the public to receive their fair share. Blocking the BLM from doing that is fiscally irresponsible, a giveaway to the oil and gas companies. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining? 
from New Mexico has 1 minute remaining, and the gentlewoman from Maine has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Chair, the assumption that the royalty rates are abnormally low in the United States simply ignores the fact that we have lease 
The United States has the most extreme environmental regulations, so the regulatory burden gladly borne by the oil companies is an additional cost that many nations do not have. In addition, we have got income taxes paid by the companies, and many countries don’t charge that on top of the royalty. 
on the other side of the aisle about the sweetheart deals, I think, take a look and see actually how much the oil and gas companies are paying. In our State, they have contributed to two of the largest permanent funds in the world held by our State. I think oil and gas companies are paying their fair share by a lot. 
drivers $100,000 a year to drive a truck for a contractor? I think that those sorts of computations are simply ignored by the GAO. 
Again, I would urge Members to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the arguments that my colleague from New Mexico has made, I still say this amendment, in my opinion, doesn’t pass the straight face test. 
thinking that we should make things any easier for the oil and gas companies or that we should be giving away the opportunity to earn taxpayer revenue on our Federal lands. 
not been increased since 1920. That is 95 years. The offshore royalty rate is 18.75 percent; yet the onshore rates have been stuck at 12.5 percent for 95 years. Where is the equity in that? 
As far as I am concerned, I think it is 
time for the American taxpayers to get a fair return on the use of public resources, especially from some of the most profitable companies in the world. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. PEARCE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New Mexico will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement National Park Service Director’s Order 61 as it 
pertains to allowing a grave in any Federal cemetery to be decorated with a Confederate flag. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I appreciate very much the bipartisan support and passage of my earlier amendment, which would end the practice of concessionaires in our national parks selling Confederate flags and memorabilia of the Confederacy. 
We now, with this Interior Appropriations bill, have a second opportunity to speak on this very important national debate that we are having regarding symbols of the Confederacy. This additional amendment will end the practice of allowing groups to display Confederate flags on federally managed cemeteries. 
in Abraham Lincoln’s words, to ‘‘save the last best hope of Earth.’’ We can honor that history without celebrating the Confederate flag and all of the dreadful things that it symbolizes. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. HUFFMAN ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . WALBERG  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to lobby in contravention of section 1913 of title 18, United States Code, on behalf of the proposed rule entitled ‘‘Definition of ‘Waters of the United States’ Under the Clean Water Act’’ (79 Fed. Reg. 22188; April 21, 2014). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Michigan and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment tells the Environmental Protection Agency to follow the law and clearly establishes the view of Congress that the EPA cannot lobby on behalf of the waters of the U.S. rule, in violation of the AntiLobbying Act. 
been pushing the limits of its statutory authority to the issue of the waters of the U.S. rule. Now, we have learned that, as part of their efforts to regulate every pond, stream, and ditch in America, the EPA may have violated the AntiLobbying Act to garner public comments in support of the proposed rule, even though the Department of Justice has consistently stated that the act prohibits Federal agencies from engaging in substantial grassroots lobbying. 
In a campaign that tests the limits of Federal lobbying law, the Agency orchestrated a drive to counter political opposition from Republicans and enlist public support in concert with liberal environmental groups and a grassroots organization aligned with President Obama. 
campaign was deploying Thunderclap, a social media tool that spread the Agency’s message to hundreds of thousands of people, a ‘‘virtual flash mob,’’ in the words of Travis Loop, the head of communications for EPA’s water division. 
EPA Administrator later used the skewed results as evidence of public support before Congress. 
needed to make clear that the EPA shall not violate the AntiLobbying Act while pursuing the completion of the waters of the U.S. 
Mr. WALBERG. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
The New York Times that this is why the underlying bill reduces funding for certain offices within EPA that were responsible for these questionable actions. 
Therefore, this language is complementary to the approach the committee has already taken in the bill, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the amendment. 
amendment would prohibit funds in the act from being used to lobby on the waters of the U.S. There is an existing prohibition on lobbying that applies to all Federal employees that has been in place since 1919, so this is an unnecessary and redundant amendment. 
Federal employees are not prohibited from providing information to Congress on legislation, policies, or programs. There must be an open dialogue between the legislative and executive branches to ensure that laws are being implemented appropriately and programs achieve their intended goals. 
to add extraneous, redundant provisions to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
It is the law, and that is all I am trying to substantiate, but I have read to you not from an organ of the conservative Republican Party side, but from The New York Times. 
The architect of the EPA’s new public outreach strategy is Thomas Reynolds, a former Obama campaign aid who was appointed in 2013 as an associate administrator. 
but it is unseemly that EPA, an agency of the Federal Government, would violate the law in lobbying and trying then to show Congress through trumped up evidence that they have produced through lobbying the private sector that they have support for the waters of the U.S. rule. 
need to establish it here very clearly in this appropriations bill. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
support, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to enforce section 435 of this Act. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would not allow any funds to enforce section 435 of this bill, which is another harmful policy rider that limits the ability of our environmental agencies to take action to improve public health and fight the root causes of climate change. 
This section blocks the EPA’s ongoing efforts to regulate hydrofluorocarbons, or HFCs, which is the wrong approach. HFCs are factory made gases used in air conditioning and refrigeration and are up to 10,000 
times more potent than carbon dioxide. This potency has led to HFCs being referred to as a superpollutant. Unless we act now, United States emissions are expected to double by 2020 and triple by 2030. 
While not as abundant as carbon dioxide, superpollutants, also known as shortlived climate pollutants—including HFCs, methane, and black carbon— have contributed up to 40 percent of observed global warming. 
under the Clean Water Act to propose, finalize, or enforce any regulation or guidance regarding HFCs, we undercut their ability to protect public health and demonstrate American leadership in emission reductions. 
The EPA’s Significant New Alternatives Policy Program, or SNAP, requires us to evaluate substitutes for superpollutants like HFCs that are harming public health and our environment. Through SNAP, we can ensure a more smooth transition to safer alternatives for our country’s industrial sector. 
new rule on HFCs that the Environmental Investigation Agency estimates will avoid superpollutant emissions equal to the annual greenhouse gas emissions of more than 21 million cars by 2030. It will allow heavy users of HFCs, including supermarkets, which are the largest source of HFC emissions, to continue developing cleaner alternatives. 
As we continue international negotiations to phase down HFCs, the United States should be a leader in reducing the use of HFCs and other superpollutants. The standard set by EPA will drive U.S. and international innovation and market development of lowemission and energyefficient refrigeration, air conditioning, foam blowing agents, and aerosol technologies. 
at one of the root causes of climate change before we are forced to react to increasingly extreme weather and sea level rise. 
creating alternatives that both have a lower emissions profile and are more energy efficient than current HFCs, and last September, we saw major companies—including CocaCola, Carrier, DuPont, Honeywell, PepsiCo, and other industry leaders—commit to voluntarily reducing harmful HFC emissions. 
to enforce section 435 of this bill so we can instead continue with existing rules and move our country’s global leadership in finding innovative solutions to reducing emissions forward. We should not be handcuffing the important work being done at EPA to reduce superpollutants. 
amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise 
has concerns about the costs, technology requirements, and compliance periods in the final rule. It is not clear why EPA divided some categories into subcategories and provided different deadlines for similar products. 
losers. For the losers, the timetables remain unworkable. Manufacturers need time to implement engineering and technology changes and address new risk and safety challenges. Historic experience with the Montreal Protocol indicates that manufacturers need approximately 6plus years to successfully transition between new materials. 
hard on small businesses. The large businesses that the gentleman mentioned have the resources and the technologies available to them to comply quicker. These smaller businesses will find it very difficult to comply with DOE’s energy conservation standards. 
a statutory mandate, so the committee believes additional time is warranted. The EPA left critical decisions regarding energy, efficiency, and system performance up to the manufacturers; and they need time to get this right. 
this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate very much the constructive comments by my colleague, the gentleman from California. I would just suggest this is not the way to deal with these issues, but rather to address them via policy approach. 
out the legs from all work we would do on HFCs and superpollutants, and it is just too broad a brush to paint with. 
I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . WALDEN  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to complete or implement the revision of the resource management plans for the Coos Bay, Eugene, Medford, Roseburg, or Salem Districts of the Bureau of Land Management or the Klamath 
the Bureau of Land Management proposed in the Bureau of Land Management Notice of Availability of the Draft Resource Management Plan Revisions and Draft Environmental Impact Statement for Western Oregon published in the Federal Register on April 24, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 23046). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Oregon and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
past several decades have been really hard on Oregon’s forested communities as timber harvest from Federal lands dropped more than 90 percent because of, in part, litigation, lack of management, government regulation. 
than 300 forest product mills. They have closed. We have lost more than 30,000 forestrelated jobs. This has left our communities in really bad shape, nearing bankruptcy in some cases in our counties, high poverty rates in our communities. Unemployment rates are high in these forested areas and, of course, we face, without active management, these enormous forest fires that contribute massively to the carbon buildup. 
Recently, the BLM released a proposed update to their twodecade, 20 yearold management plan in western Oregon. The vast majority of the forests covered by these plans are what are called O&C lands, which are managed by a very unique Federal statute called the O&C Act. That law calls for sustainable timber production and revenue to local counties. It is different than the other forest laws. 
Federal law, the BLM’s proposal would allow for harvesting on about 22 percent is all, 22 percent of the land base. It would lock up the remainder in various reserves. 
which have more than 70 percent of their land controlled by the Federal Government, rely on receipts from Federal timber projects to fund basic needs like law enforcement, schools, and other essential services. Unfortunately, under BLM’s proposal, these counties would receive an estimated 27 percent is all of their historical average receipt—27 percent. 
fall far short of meeting these communities’ needs, it seems the agency is determined to push forward anyway with these plans. 
In a bipartisan effort, the entire Oregon Congressional Delegation requested a 120day extension of the comment period so that the counties and other interested parties have time to thoroughly review the more than 1,500 pages of analysis and provide some useful input and comment. 
in that input, since I understand they will be rejecting our request and moving forward with their plan under their current timeline. That is really disappointing. You see, these local communities are most affected by the management changes on the Federal land that surrounds them, and the BLM, I wish, would care more about their input than a selfimposed deadline likely out of some office back here. 
the BLM’s implementation of these proposed plans. That would give more time for our counties and interested parties to thoroughly review the more than 1,500 pages of analysis. It would also give the agency time to consider additional alternatives that better incorporate the clear mandates of the O&C Act. 
the Portland Oregonian. This is the statewide newspaper that probably leans a little more to the left. They said: ‘‘Minimally, BLM needs to extend its comment period and develop more alternatives to be considered. But it is unlikely to develop any alternative that would be acceptable to the industry, counties and environmental advocates. Congress, not a government agency, needs to step up and help solve this longfestering problem.’’ 
season well off to a terrible start, we need time to review these plans, get active management on these forestlands, and by passing this amendment, we will give the taxpayers, the people who live there, a better opportunity to weigh in. So I urge support. 
to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the committee. 
thank the gentleman for offering the amendment and yielding me time. 
brings to us today. It is troubling that the Bureau of Land Management has proposed land use plans that appear to contradict its multipleuse mandate. So with that, I would happily accept his amendment. 
Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Maine for 5 minutes. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chair, I appreciate the concerns raised by the gentleman from Oregon, but this amendment would prohibit the Bureau of Land Management from completing or implementing updates to certain resource management plans in western Oregon. 
acres of land that play an important role in the social, economic, and ecological wellbeing of western Oregon, as well as to the American public generally. The plans determine how BLM administered lands will be managed to further the recovery of threatened and endangered species, provide for clean water, restore fireadapted ecosystems, produce a sustained yield of timber 
products, and coordinate land management of surrounding tribal land. 
BLM’s authority to implement a new resource management plan in western Oregon. As a result, the BLM would be forced to rely on a 20yearold outdated plan that doesn’t incorporate significant new information. For example, the old plan does not include important conservation activities, such as the northern spotted owl recovery plan. The amendment would block one of the most comprehensive and detailed landscape plans that the BLM has ever developed and would ignore significant public input. The public has a right to engage in the management decisions of their Federal lands. 
suggest that the spotted owl is covered by their planning process today in some measure because it certainly contributed to the downfall of our communities, absent this plan. 
for people to have a better chance to review what this Federal agency, after 20 years, has finally come up with— 1,500 pages. I think they should have a chance, as do my colleagues, including Mr. SCHRADER , a member of your party, 
supporting this amendment. So it is a bipartisan Oregon approach that I would hope my colleague from Maine would share that we need to do better managing America’s Federal forests. 
Turn on the TV. They are going up in 
flames right now. I don’t like that for the habitat. I don’t like that for the communities. I don’t like that for what the firefighters have to face. 
I think we can do better. Most observers in the State think we can do better, and I would encourage my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
I just want to say I appreciate the concerns that the gentleman from Oregon has raised, and other Members from Oregon who share those concerns. I thought it was important to address some of the considerations and concerns that we have with this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). 
rise to offer an amendment to require companies to follow the law if they want to export crude oil from the United States. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to issue any new Federal oil and gas lease or drilling permit to any person that does not commit to following Department of Commerce regulations regarding the requirement of obtaining a license for exporting crude oil. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order. 
the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I mentioned, I offer this amendment to require companies to follow the law if they want to export crude oil from the United States. 
I want to make it clear. This amendment is not about whether we should lift the crude oil export ban altogether. That is a debate for a different time and a different bill. This is about those narrow cases where companies are currently able to export crude oil in limited quantities but are also choosing not to follow the rules. 
Last summer, the Commerce Department ruled that two companies could export very light crude oil, called condensate, after it had been lightly processed. That decision meant that those companies would not need to obtain a license to export crude oil even though licenses are required for all other crude oil exports. 
Because of that ruling, which I believe was inappropriate, another company decided that they, too, would begin exporting their own light crude oil without even asking the Commerce Department for a decision first, let alone try to get a license. 
Since then, exports have skyrocketed. From January 2010 until June 2014, when the Commerce Department made that ruling, we exported about 97,000 barrels of crude oil a day, mostly to Canada. Since that day in June of 2014, our oil exports have quadrupled to an average of over 400,000 barrels a day, hitting alltime record levels, with more and more of that crude oil going to Europe and to Asia. 
so much of our domestic oil when we are still importing roughly 7 million barrels every day. We may be the world’s number one oil producer, but we are still the world’s number one oil importer. 
shouldn’t be letting oil companies simply ship American crude oil anywhere in the world that they want to. We should certainly also not let them ignore existing laws and regulations in order to do so. First and foremost, oil produced in America, particularly oil from America’s public lands that belong to the American people, should remain in this country for the benefit of the American people. 
If we are going to allow these companies to export oil, they must follow the law. They simply can’t take matters 
into their own hands and decide whether they need or do not need a license before shipping this oil all over the world. 
My amendment is a simple, commonsense solution to this problem. It simply states, if you are going to drill on public land, you must follow the legal process for getting an export license if you want to ship that oil elsewhere. 
only applies to public land, only requires companies to commit to following the existing process for getting a license with the Department of Commerce. That way, the Commerce Department can evaluate these options on a casebycase basis to determine if they are in the national interest. 
crude oil is too important to let the companies make that call on their own. 
Mr. YOHO. Mr. Chair, I ask unanimous consent that the request for a recorded vote on my amendment be withdrawn to the end that the amendment stand disposed of by the voice vote thereon. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will redesignate the amendment. 
The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the request for a recorded vote is withdrawn. Accordingly, the noes have it, and the amendment is not adopted. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used to make a Presidential declaration by public proclamation of a national monument under chapter 3203 of title 54, United States Code in the counties of Mohave and Coconino in the State of Arizona, in the counties of Modoc and Siskiyou in the State of California, in the counties of Chaffee, Moffat, and Park in the State of Colorado, in the counties of Lincoln, Clark, and Nye in the State of Nevada, in the county of Otero in the State of New Mexico, in the counties of Jackson, Josephine and, Malheur in the State of Oregon, or in the counties of Wayne, Garfield, and Kane in the State of Utah. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Nevada and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment with my good friends from Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Oregon, and Utah to prohibit public land management agencies in this bill from making declarations under the Antiquities Act in counties where there is significant local opposition. 
by stating my strong support for our Nation’s public lands. As an active hunter and an outdoorsman, I marvel at the beauty of our landscapes, our unique flora, and the abundant animal species that roam our terrain. 
from Nevada, a State where roughly 85 percent of the land is controlled by the Federal Government. 
use decisionmaking power in the hands of Washington bureaucrats has been one of the strong motivating factors during my time in this body, as I am sure that it has been for many of my colleagues in the Western States. 
a topic that should be addressed by the authorizing committees, I believe that we can and should take an important step here today. 
A recent prominent example demonstrating the need for this amendment is the administration’s draft proclamation to establish the Basin and Range National Monument on more than 700,000 acres of land in Lincoln and Nye Counties in my district. 
Not only is the sheer size of the proposed monument staggering, being nearly as large as many of the Eastern States, it also poses some significant risks, both local and national in scope. 
hardest hit by the Great Recession, and far too many in our State are still struggling to get by. Nevada’s rural county economies are particularly sensitive, and any decision that restricts ranching, recreation, and types of land use activities should have much of the local input as possible. 
of the House about the national security implications of designating the Basin and Range, given that most of the acreage in the proposed monument falls directly under the airspace of the Nevada Test and Training Range, one of the most heavily used military operating areas, or MOAs, in the United States. Establishing this monument could drastically impair vital ground based training activities tied to the NTTR. 
home State of Arizona, a few special interest groups have been pushing the President to unilaterally designate a massive new 1.7millionacre national monument in the Grand Canyon watershed. 
have joined me in opposing this misguided effort, and there is significant local opposition. 
and I would like to share a few of their comments here: 
‘‘The creation of a national monument by Presidential declaration does not allow for input from local communities . . . and could result in negative impacts for . . . grazing, hunting, water development and forest restoration . . . which would result in negative economic and public health impacts to the City of Williams. 
‘‘The Arizona Game and Fish Commission is concerned that the potential monument . . . ’will impede proactive and effective management of wildlife populations and habitats . . . and may result in reduced hunter opportunities and loss of revenues that directly support conservation and local communities.’’’ 
I could provide several more examples but will stop there. 
this Antiquities Act was passed over a century ago in 1906, when four States weren’t even in the Union at that time. They were still territories. 
There are absolutely no environmental laws that we had at that particular time protecting anything. Yet, this act was not used by every President. In fact, most Presidents never used it. Ronald Reagan never used it. Most Presidents only used it one time. 
Jimmy Carter administration, so that no longer is this act that was supposed to protect antiquities—thus, the name the Antiquities Act—used to protect antiquities. It was used as a political weapon and abused as a political weapon. The saddest part is there is absolutely no input that has to be guaranteed by this act. 
In fact, the vast majority of monuments that were created through this Antiquities Act, there was no public input whatsoever. Any public input that took place was purely by accident, purely by coincidence. 
designated in this amendment need to have the right to have some input in how land decisions are used that area. That is what this amendment does. 
Give them the chance to be heard because, under the present Antiquities Act, they are not heard. 
amendment would place uncalledfor restrictions and undercut any President from using their authority under the Antiquities Act to establish a national monument, an authority, I should add, that has been available to Presidents for 100 years. 
tool that enables the President to protect and strengthen America’s heritage. Since Theodore Roosevelt first designated the national monument Devil’s Tower in Wyoming, 16 Presidents from both parties have used the Antiquities Act to protect more than 
160 of America’s best known and loved landscapes. Only three Presidents have not. 
the American people. Out of 460 national monuments and national parks, 113 reflect the diverse community that makes up our Nation. Nineteen recognize the achievements of the Latino community, twentysix of the African American community, and eight for women. 
factor in the designation process is the First Americans, the Native Americans, their legacy, their heritage, and their cultural and historic resources on the land. 
lack of diversity reflected in our public units, whether it is parks or national monuments, is changing. 
Antiquities Act to diversify the story of public lands with new designations such as the Cesar Chavez National Monument in Keene, California, which he recently designated. 
Since the beginning of his administration, the President used this authority to create national monuments that recognize the contributions of Africa Americans and other diverse voices in this country. 
published a report that found that 33 percent of presidential designations are inclusive of the American people, compared to only 20 percent of the designations done by Congress. 
more inclusive, more representative of all Americans because of the Antiquities Act. This amendment would jeopardize that progress. I urge its defeat. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. How much time remains, Mr. Chairman? 
from Nevada has 30 seconds remaining. The gentleman from Arizona has 3 minutes remaining. 
would undermine conservation of public lands and stall efforts to ensure that our public places tell the very important diverse story of America and be representative of all Americans. 
say that this would deny jobs and opportunities to particular regions is not true. 
right now under energy leases from the Obama administration compared to— 
those were added to it—only 4.1 million acres that are now land that is protected. 
Since its enactment in 1906, 16 Presidents have used it. 160 of America’s best known landscapes have been preserved. National monuments designated under the Antiquities Act are comprised of existing Federal lands only. No new lands are added to the Federal estate by these designations. 
have better reflected the complexity— and Presidents have used that—of our Nation, ensuring that the voices of a changing and diverse community, which is this country, is told as we change and as we go forward. 
I would urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Undercutting an authority that existed for 100 years that has brought benefit to the Nation, enhanced the cultural, historic, and conservation ethics of this Nation should be preserved. 
With that, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote amendment. It is unneeded, restrictive, and goes against a tradition and an authority that has existed in this country for 100 years. 
I hope this effort is not about who is 
President at this time, but it is an authority that has been with us for 100 years. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HARDY. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I would just like to reiterate to my colleagues that voting for this amendment is a vote for empowering the communities and the local stakeholders most affected by the monument designations. 
allow local input, and provide improved management of our public lands. It will fulfill the responsibility to ensure these communities have a legitimate voice in the process. 
I strongly urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote. I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. HARDY ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for 
inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
24, 2011, President Obama issued a memorandum on Federal fleet performance that required that all new light duty vehicles in the Federal fleet to be alternative fuel vehicles, such as hybrid, electric, natural gas, or biofuel by December 31, 2015. 
My amendment echoes the President’s memorandum by prohibiting funds in this act from being used to lease or purchase new lightduty vehicles unless that purchase is made in accord with the President’s memorandum. 
I have submitted identical amendments to 18 different appropriations bills over the past few years, and every time they have been accepted by both the majority and the minority. I hope my amendment will receive similar support today. 
longer pay $147 per barrel. But despite increased production here in the United States, the global price of oil is still largely determined by OPEC. 
Spikes in oil prices have profound repercussions for our economy. The primary reason is that our cars and trucks run only on petroleum. 
technologies that exist today. The Federal Government operates the largest fleet of lightduty vehicles in America, over 633,000 vehicles. Almost 35,000 of these vehicles are within the jurisdiction of this bill. 
few years ago, I saw how they diversified their fuel use. People there can drive to a gas station and choose whether to fill their vehicle with gasoline or with ethanol. They make their choice based on cost or whatever criteria they deem important. 
consumers. That is why I am also proposing a bill this Congress, a bipartisan bill, as I have done many times in the past, which will provide for cars built in America to be able to run on a fuel instead of or in addition to gasoline. It is virtually very inexpensive, under $100 per car; and if they do it in Brazil, we can do it here. 
In conclusion, Mr. Chairman, expanding the role these alternative technologies play in our transportation economy will help break the leverage that foreign government controlled oil companies hold over Americans. It will increase our Nation’s domestic security and protect consumers. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask that my colleagues support the Engel amendment, and I yield back the balance of my 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Alabama and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
straightforward amendment would prohibit any effort to redirect funds allocated under the Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act, also referred to as GOMESA. 
GOMESA was passed in 2006 and created a revenue sharing agreement for offshore oil revenue between the Federal Government and four States in the Gulf of Mexico: Texas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and my home State of Alabama. 
revenues generated from selected oil and gas lease sales in the Outer Continental Shelf of the Gulf of Mexico is returned to these Gulf States. There is a reason the law was structured this way. 
the lion’s share of the infrastructure and workforce for the industry in the Gulf of Mexico; we also have inherent environmental and economic risks. The BP oil spill 5 years ago should tell us all what that means. 
budget proposal this year, President Obama has recommended that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, under the Department of the Interior, redirect the distribution of expanded revenue payments expected to start in 2018 for the Gulf of Mexico oil and gas leases away from the Gulf Coast and instead be spent all around the country. 
contradict the current Federal statute, it vastly undermines the purpose of the law, to keep revenues from these lease sales in the States that supply the workforce and have the inherent risk of a potential environmental and economic disaster. 
protect the clearly defined statute and prevent the President from using these revenue sharing agreements as a slush fund for politically driven environmental projects across the country. Regardless of whether you are from a 
Gulf Coast State or not, I would urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this important amendment to protect the rule of law to support our coastal communities. 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman. 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I would urge adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. 
the time in opposition to express a few concerns. 
amendment is an overreaction to a policy proposal in the administration’s— in the administration’s—2016 budget request. 
propose to direct funds currently allocated to payments to States and shift them more towards Federal programs that serve the Nation more broadly. 
President suggested in his budget, and it wasn’t included in this bill because the Appropriations Committee just flat out rejected it. This is an appropriations process. That is what it is. It is a process. 
The administration submitted a proposal. The committee evaluated it. It had the power to accept it or reject it. The proposal lay with the committee as to what to do. As I said, the committee rejected it. 
stifle any proposals to amend current formula, which is unnecessary because Congress would need to enact legislation before any changes could be made to the formula. 
doesn’t have the authority to change the formula through rulemaking or other administrative action. Basically, this amendment would prohibit the Department from even suggesting an idea for Congress to consider. 
I just wanted to claim the time in opposition, Mr. Chair, just to say I really think this amendment—although it appears that the majority is going to take it and I am not going to ask for a vote or anything on it—is just really, in my opinion, political overreach. 
that these sorts of amendments were unnecessary, but the way this administration plays fast and loose with its interpretation of the law, particularly through these administrative agencies, I am afraid it is necessary to protect a law passed by this Congress in 2006 in recognition of the inherent risk that these four Gulf States have produced so much energy for this country have, and 
will take the laws that exist—even this appropriations bill—and interpret it the way they want to, and this amendment makes it very clear they can’t do that, that these four coastal States will retain control over these moneys as it was enacted by this Congress in 2006. 
Mr. Chairman, I respect the gentlewoman’s point of view. I wish it were unnecessary, but given the behavior of this administration through these administrative agencies, I am afraid it is necessary. 
to support this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ). 
AMENDMENT NO . 34 OFFERED BY MR . GRAYSON  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to enter into a contract with any offeror or any of its principals if the offeror certifies, pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that the offeror or any of its principals— 
this offer has been convicted of or had a civil judgment rendered against it for commission of fraud or a criminal offense in connection with obtaining, attempting to obtain, or performing a public (Federal, State, or local) contract or subcontract; violation of Federal or State antitrust statutes relating to the submission of offers; or commission of embezzlement, theft, forgery, bribery, falsification or destruction of records, making false statements, tax evasion, violating Federal criminal tax laws, or receiving stolen property; or 
this offer, has been notified of any delinquent Federal taxes in an amount that exceeds $3,000 for which the liability remains unsatisfied. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment is identical to other amendments that have been inserted by voice vote into every appropriations bill considered under an open rule during the 113th and 114th Congresses. 
parties with whom the Federal Government is prohibited from contracting due to serious misconduct on the part of the contractor. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GRAYSON ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . ZINKE  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to finalize, implement, or enforce subparts F and J of part 1206 of the proposed rule by the Department of the Interior entitled ‘‘Consolidated Federal Oil & Gas and Federal & Indian Coal Valuation Reform’’ and dated January 6, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 608). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Montana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today in support of economic opportunity for local communities across the Nation. 
Crow Nation suffers from unemployment rates as high as 50 percent, despite having over $1 billion in coal reserves. Similar situations play out in communities across America. This administration has waged a war against coal. In the words of Crow Chairman Old Coyote: ‘‘A war on coal is a war on the Crow people.’’ 
all want clean air and water and affordable power. Thankfully, advances in technology have made it possible to have both, making it possible to use our vast resources of clean coal to power American homes and manufacturers and put Americans back to work. We can’t power the American economy on pixie dust and hope; it takes innovation and investment in areas like clean coal. 
administration is fighting a more aggressive war against American coal than they are against ISIS. We all know of countless attempts to kill coal with regulations, capandtrade, and carbon taxes. 
the Department of the Interior. The DOI is planning to change how coal on Federal lands and reservations is valued, creating an unpredictable and unstable market that threatens the livelihoods of our local communities and tribes. 
sold, local communities receive tax revenues and royalties to help fund everything from education to infrastructure. However, this administration’s onesizefitsall plan puts funding in jeopardy; places heavier burdens on States and local governments; and also stifles innovation, investment, and job creation. 
the lowest it has been in the past 30 years. Wages are stagnant; the cost of 
living is going up, and energy prices for home heating and manufacturing are skyrocketing. Our communities simply can’t afford another Federal assault on our economy. 
have been to the Rosebud Mine in Colstrip where union jobs earn their paychecks to provide for their families. This is not just a couple hundred jobs in Montana. There are thousands more like them in Kentucky, West Virginia, Utah, and beyond. 
Whether the coal is mined in Montana or turned into electricity to build cars in Michigan, coal is a critical part of our American economy. Again, I am reminded of the words of Chairman Old Coyote: ‘‘For the Crow people, there are no jobs that compare to a coal job—the wages and benefits exceed anything else that is available.’’ 
to join me in fighting for American workers and American jobs by supporting my amendment to block funding for the Obama administration to continue their war on coal. 
thank the gentleman for yielding, and I urge the adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. 
It is a good amendment. Mr. ZINKE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve 
strong opposition to this amendment which would deny the American public, especially Native Americans, a fair return for the use of their coal resources. 
The current coal valuation regulations have been in effect since 1989. A lot has happened in the intervening 26 years since these regulations were last updated. It has now been nearly 3 years since it was first reported that coal companies were skirting Federal royalty payments by selling coal to sister companies in order to value exported coal at low domestic prices rather than the much higher prices these sister companies were selling the exported coal for in overseas markets. 
Western coal companies, it has meant the Federal Government and Western States—where we share 50–50 of the royalties—have forgone hundreds of millions of dollars that are rightly due the American people. 
These coal royalty valuations especially hurt Native Americans who depend on these royalties for their income. The proposed regulations were a response to States such as Wyoming pleading with the Department of the Interior: Do not allow coal producers to create affiliates to reduce the royalties paid. 
stark contrast. Do they want to side with the coal industry which has been gaming the existing royalty system? Or do they stand with the American public, especially Native Americans, in seeing that coal is fairly priced and that the royalties due Western States, tribes, and the Federal Government are paid? 
I, for one, will stand with the American people and especially my Native American brothers and sisters to make sure that they are treated fairly. 
minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
valuation rules have provided stable and significant royalty revenue to State, tribal, and Federal governments. Despite this tract record, the Department of the Interior has carelessly proposed to modify the valuation of Federal and Indian coal by granting the Office of Natural Resources Revenue new authority to deem sales, potentially disallow costs, and use the default rule to assert arbitrary values for royalty purposes. 
without clear or transparent guidelines for regulators and regulated parties alike, setting the stage for inconsistent valuation and protracted litigation. Furthermore, the arbitrary regulatory environment created by this rule could jeopardize affordable and reliable energy production, American jobs, and crucial revenue for State, Federal, and tribal governments. 
colleagues to support this amendment and to stop funding for this new rule until the Department of the Interior can demonstrate the need, if there is any—and I am skeptical—to radically alter the way royalties are accessed on Federal coal. 
sole Representative of the great State of Montana, I do represent, and am proud to represent, the Crows, the Northern Cheyenne, the Assiniboine Sioux, and our American Indian tribes and great nations and understand the value of having a prosperous economy. 
want to repeat, it has now been nearly 3 years since it was first reported. Coal companies were skirting Federal royalty payments by selling coal to sister companies in order to value exported 
coal at low domestic prices rather than the much higher prices these sister companies were selling the exported coal for in overseas markets. 
that coal is fairly priced and that the royalties due to Western States, tribes, and the Federal Government are paid. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Montana (Mr. ZINKE). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Montana will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Department of the Interior—Office of the Secretary—Departmental Operations’’ for payments in lieu of taxes under chapter 69 of title 31, United States Code, and increasing the aggregate amount made available for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Hazardous Substance Superfund’’, by $22,884,840. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from New Jersey and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
that would increase funding for the Superfund with the intention the money go specifically to the cleanup program account. Superfund cleanup is right for the environment and certainly right for the U.S. economy, which is right for the U.S. 
State. We have great tomatoes, corn, and it is blueberry season. But what we also have, particularly in the southern half of the State, is a history of heavy industry. 
that you just can’t take those resources after they are finished and dump them into the backyard. We have more than 200 sites in New Jersey listed as being in serious violation of at least one of four Federal environmental laws. The company offenders, they are gone, and left the constituents, my constituents, holding the bags. 
Florio, back in the early eighties, was the author of the Superfund bill. He had the vision of what we have to do to protect our citizens. 
I just want to tell a quick story, two 
and it is about a quarter of a mile from where I live. It is the Welsbach & General Gas Mantle in Gloucester City, New Jersey. As part of that process of making gas mantles almost a half century ago, radium, the substance that was used to make it glow brighter, was dumped throughout the city. This material is now sitting there. Radium has a halflife of 1,600 years—1,600 years. The process started in 1996, and it is about twothirds finished. There is no company to go back to. 
in Gibbsboro, which was a gorgeous spot. But as we all know, years ago, that lead paint is now in the water system and impacting that area horribly. The site includes Kirkwood Lake. The soil under the lake is contaminated. They can’t use the lake. 
citizens. There are no companies to go back to. That is why I offer this simple amendment. The damage is already done, and we must continue to protect our citizens by funding this amendment correctly. 
the understanding that this amendment will be ruled out of order. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw my amendment with the hope that we continue to work on this important issue in a very bipartisan way to protect our citizens. 
to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to research, investigate, or study offshore drilling in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Planning Area. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
achieve both energy independence, as well as protect the environment, our critical habitats, and the quality of life 
represented in how we currently manage the Gulf of Mexico when it comes to oil drilling. Under a 2006 act, we allow for drilling exploration in the central and western Gulf off the coast of Texas and Louisiana and other States, but we have a ban that protects the State of Florida. That ban currently protects the State of Florida with a drilling ban of about 125 miles or, in some cases, 235 miles. 
years through the operations of the Appropriations Committee. And while the current statute allows for the ban through 2022, year after year, those on the other side of this debate, very respectfully, attempt to erode that ban. 
The truth is we don’t need any additional drilling in the eastern Gulf of Florida to achieve energy independence. There are nearly 1,000 active leaseholds in the central and western Gulf. There are probably nearly 3,000 more available. And to change the ban is just something that we don’t need. 
says none of the funds may be used to study, prepare for, research, investigate any increased offshore oil drilling in the eastern Gulf contemplating the expiration of a ban in 2022. 
this amendment by my colleague from Bonita Springs, Mr. CLAWSON ; my colleague from Tallahassee, Ms. G RAHAM ; 
the case of a number of offshorerelated amendments that we will deal with today, the Interior Appropriations bill is not the appropriate venue, though I do understand it has been used in the past. 
I understand this amendment dovetails with the current congressional moratorium, and the Department of the Interior has no intention of acting in a manner that is contrary to congressional intent. The Department is focused on the next 5year oil and gas leasing plan, which is limited to 2017– 2022, so many departmental activities in fiscal year 2016 are already limited in scope through 2022. If my colleagues wish to see the moratorium extended beyond 2022, then they should work with the appropriate authorizing committees. 
With that, I would oppose the amendment, and urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the chairman’s understanding of the interest of those in the State of Florida and the current debate currently from those on the other side that wish to actually lift the ban. It is important that, as a delegation, we have the opportunity to have this debate. 
from Florida (Mr. CLAWSON ), my colleague from Bonita Springs. 
Mr. CLAWSON of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I start by thanking Representative JOLLY for his leadership and persistence on this issue—it is so important to my district—and to the chairman for allowing disagreement. Disagreement allows learning, and we appreciate your leadership in this regard. 
I speak in full support of Representative JOLLY ’s amendment. I base my 
support on the enormous alltime high, proven reserves elsewhere in our country and a conviction that we can focus in areas other than the Gulf. 
cheap oil, and our businesses, our manufacturing companies, cannot be successful without low energy prices. I know it, because I lived it. 
sense. And to us, it doesn’t make sense to drill in the eastern Gulf of Mexico. The recent BP settlement, the highest such settlement ever, is evidence that the economic and environmental risk of drilling in the Gulf greatly offset any potential returns. 
have business in the Gulf, we were told that an oil disaster could never happen, and then it happened. Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me. 
I say it is not worth the risk. I say 
let’s do everything we can to never have more drilling in the eastern Gulf. 
would just say that, again, I am in reluctant opposition to this amendment. This should be dealt with in the authorizing committees. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. JOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I would 
close by offering my colleagues there is authorizing legislation that would extend the ban past the year 2022. 
ban is a ban. And while there is a ban on activities on drilling and the like, this simply says that no planning may occur for post2022 drilling. 
and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. JOLLY ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 13693. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
think I will start this discussion with the words of a rather influential individual: Pope Francis. In his recent encyclical, he wrote: ‘‘If present trends continue, this century may well witness extraordinary climate change and an unprecedented destruction of ecosystems, with serious consequences for all of us.’’ That is Pope Francis. 
bill, there are numerous efforts to deny the reality of climate change. And, specifically, what I want to deal with on this amendment is Executive Order No. 13693: Planning for Federal Sustainability in the Next Decade. 
to support the Federal Government’s efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent over the next decade relative to 2008. 
about $18 billion—in avoided energy costs, and it will increase the share of electricity the Federal Government consumes from renewable resources by up to 30 percent. Twentysix million metric tons of greenhouse gases would be eliminated. 
So why in the face of all of the scientific evidence and why in the face of the reality that the climate is, indeed, changing, when we have throughout the State of California and around the Nation local governments planning for the eventually, not the reality, of higher sea levels, would we put forth a bill that would prohibit the Federal Government from planning for climate change? 
Let me just cite some of the ways in 
which the current legislation, this proposal, deals with it: 
rulemaking or guidance with regard to the social cost of climate change. 
carbon pollution from new and renovated power plants, and there has been much discussion about that on the floor today. 
change to the status of HFCs. These are fluorocarbons. 
It also prohibits the reporting detailing the Federal funding for domestic and international climate change programs. This is denial, denial, denial about what is really happening. 
that there is no money to carry out these provisions in the current bill. It is really time for all of us here to recognize that there is a serious challenge, and it is one that Pope Francis points out so clearly. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, climate change is winning the amendment contest tonight. We have had a number of amendments on that subject. 
continue a bipartisan reporting requirement in the bill on climate change expenditures. 
the aisle wanted to remove that requirement, which would have reduced transparency. Now my friend wants to ensure that funds are being expended on climate and efficiency executive orders issued by the President. 
colleagues would prefer to know if the funds are spent on these programs or not. 
Regardless, this amendment is certainly unnecessary. The President did not consult Congress on these executive orders. If anything, we should defund these programs until Congress can have an appropriate policy debate. I see no reason to include this language, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, the 
executive order by the President is very straightforward. It basically says that the Federal Government shall reduce greenhouse gases, and he is using his appropriate authority as the administrative agent of our government to find ways to do that. 
order, for example, reducing greenhouse gases by 40 percent over the next decade. What could be wrong with that when you save $18 billion in the process and create more opportunities for renewable energy by up to 30 percent? 
Why would we pass a bill in this appropriation bill that would go in exactly the opposite direction, one that would actually create greater greenhouse gases and lead more directly and more imminently to the climate crisis? 
want to take up a piece of legislation that has so many provisions in it that deny the reality of climate change, that puts this government on the course to spend more money on programs that actually create a crisis that will be extraordinarily expensive. 
amendment, which would maintain the President’s executive order and keep America on a path that all the world should carry out. 
said: ‘‘If present trends continue, this century may well witness extraordinary climate change and an unprecedented destruction of ecosystems, with serious consequences for all of us.’’ 
deny. This is something we should, in fact, pay attention to, and we ought to be able to maintain the President’s executive order. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, the 
President did make his unilateral determination in an executive order. We have an opportunity to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment, and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Arkansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
offer this amendment in defense of agricultural producers across our Nation who are facing the heavy hand of EPA regulations. 
and Countermeasure rule for onfarm fuel storage requires farmers and ranchers to make costly infrastructure improvements to their oil storage facilities to reduce the possibility of an oil spill. 
account the relative risk of oil spills on farms, and they do not factor in the simple fact that family farmers are already careful stewards of our land and water. No one has more at stake in the health of their land than those who work on the ground from which they derive their livelihoods. 
The USDA itself discovered little evidence of oil spills on farms and determined in a recent study that more than 99 percent of farmers have never experienced a spill. 
make a significant investment to prevent such an unlikely event seems out of touch with reality and disregards the already overwhelming number of safeguards our farmers already employ. 
EPA’s ability to enforce SPCC regulations on farms so that farmers and 
ranchers can go about their business of producing food and fiber without having to worry about unnecessary compliance costs and red tape. 
House unanimously passed my bipartisan legislation, the FUELS Act, which rolled back these same SPCC regulations on farms. I urge my colleagues to again support our farmers and ranchers by supporting this amendment. 
Mr. CRAWFORD. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
amendment would stop the EPA from requiring farms to submit a plan on how they will prevent oil from entering navigable waters. 
seems like a pretty commonsense requirement to me. If a facility has large amounts of oil, it should tell the agency responsible for an inland oil spill cleanup how it will prevent an environmental disaster. 
of oil have a plan even if it is an agriculture business? It should have a plan. And there are criteria to make sure that a facility truly should be subject to the Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure rule. 
be nontransported. It must have an aggregate aboveground storage capacity greater than 1,320 gallons or a completely buried storage capacity greater than 42,000 gallons. We are talking about a lot of oil. 
a reasonable expectation that, if something were to go wrong and if there were a discharge, it would go into navigable waters of the United States or of adjoining shorelines. 
and if there is water nearby, you would need to have a plan in place so that not only would oil not seep in and ruin your land, but that it would not flow into waters past the boundaries of your water and just keep polluting. 
the responsibility of a facility owner or operator or it can be prepared by an engineer or a consultant, but it must be certified by a registered professional engineer. 
42,000 gallons of oil stored underground, and you have 1,320 gallons of oil above. All this does is say you need to have an emergency plan if, when that accident would occur—and it can 
having that oil go into navigable waters and spread onto other property owners’ land or State land or Federal land. 
requirements. It is a small step to help work with the farmer to prevent an environmental disaster that would most likely end up being cleaned up with taxpayers’ funds. 
the best, but you always need to have a plan just in case something goes wrong. This rule requirement makes sure that these facilities that meet these criteria have a plan in place. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. RODNEY  
the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. CRAWFORD ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
to the National Park Service by this Act may be used for the purchase or display of a confederate flag with the exception of specific circumstances where the flags provide historical context as described in the National Park Service memorandum entitled ‘‘Immediate Action Required, No Reply Needed: Confederate Flags’’ and dated June 24, 2015. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from New York and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment would prohibit the use of funds made available to the National Park Service by this Act for the purchase or display of a Confederate flag with the exception of specific circumstances when such flags provide historical context as set forth by the National Park Service in their memo to all park superintendents, dated June 24, 2015. 
The National Park Service has jurisdiction over operation of the National Park System, associated sites such as national heritage areas, and various State grant accounts. 
of the Confederate flag has been at the forefront of discussion throughout our Nation. This amendment is consistent with a bipartisan effort across the country to promote harmony and not division in this great Nation. 
the heinous massacre that took the lives of nine Godfearing African American churchgoers in Charleston, South Carolina. This act of domestic terror was carried out by an individual who 
idolized the Confederate flag and harbored racist beliefs, calling for a return to the human subjugation of others on the basis of race. 
Unfortunately, that same Confederate flag flew on the grounds of the State capitol amidst the funeral of a State senator and dedicated pastor who taught that we are all God’s children at the historic Emanuel AME Church. 
but we still have a long way to go in our march toward a more perfect Union. The cancer of racial hatred continues to adversely impact our society, and people of good will must unite to eradicate it. Limiting the use of Federal funds connected to the purchase or display of the Confederate flag is an important step in that direction. 
Carolina from both sides of the aisle came together to support removing the Confederate battle flag from their State capitol grounds. This evening, the United States House of Representatives has the opportunity to further limit the public display of this divisive symbol that is so closely associated with defense of the institution of slavery. 
I thank the chairman and the ranking member for their consideration. For the aforementioned reasons, I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. 
very happy that this opportunity has been presented for us to have a discussion on the House floor and the National Park Service doing the right thing about the removal of this symbol of what has become racist hate speech. 
forward the amendment, and I rise in support of it. 
Mr. JEFFRIES. I thank the distinguished gentlewoman for her support. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to propose, finalize, implement, or revise any regulation in which the research data relied on to support such action is subject to OMB Circular A110 and is withheld in contravention of the Freedom of Information Act as prescribed under OMB Circular A110 or if the Science Advisory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency fails to provide scientific advice as may be requested on such regulation to the Congress in contravention of section 4365 of title 42, United States Code. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
this amendment reflects the core principles of two bills passed by the House earlier this year with bipartisan support. They are H.R. 1029, the EPA Science Advisory Board Reform Act, and H.R. 1030, the Secret Science Reform Act. 
I am pleased to be joined by the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology’s former Subcommittee on Environment chairman, Representative DAVID SCHWEIKERT , who sponsored the 
original version of the Secret Science bill in 2014. 
Environmental Protection Agency to base its regulations on publicly available data that can be verified. Why would the administration want to hide this information from the American people? We must make sure that Federal regulations are based on science that is available for independent review. 
some of the EPA’s most expensive and burdensome regulations, such as its proposed climate and ozone rules, are based on underlying data that not even the EPA has seen. 
This amendment ensures that the decisions that affect every American are based on independently verified, unbiased, scientific research instead of on secret data that is hidden from the American people. That is called the scientific method. 
the EPA Science Advisory Board is able to provide meaningful, balanced, and independent assessments of the science behind the EPA regulations. The EPA frequently undermines the SAB’s independence and prevents it from being able to provide advice to Congress. As a result, the valuable advice these experts can provide is often ignored or silenced. 
protected in a democracy. This amendment ensures that happens. The EPA has a responsibility to be open and transparent with the people it serves and whose money it uses. 
transparency and accountability should be able to support this amendment. It helps EPA and the Obama administration keep their promise to be open and honest with the American people. 
may consume to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the Appropriations subcommittee chairman. 
the gentleman. I certainly rise in support of this amendment. Having chaired that subcommittee for 6 years and knowing the good work of that subcommittee, I think the intent of the 
language aligns with the two authorizing bills passed by the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology earlier this year. I certainly voted for them both times. 
I think it is a good amendment, so I 
thank the chairman for his comments. I very much appreciate his support. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
gentleman’s amendment seeks to stop the Environmental Protection Agency from issuing regulations through two different mechanisms. 
from issuing regulations if supporting research data is withheld under the Freedom of Information Act. 
Second, it would withhold regulations if the Agency’s Science Advisory Board does not provide the requested advice and information to Congress. 
I would just like to take a moment to 
address each one of these issues fully. Last year, for example, the EPA received 10,500 FOIA requests—Freedom of Information requests—or an average of 40 per workday. 
million—$11 million—in personnel costs to process; yet the EPA receives less than $1 million to collect fees for these requests. They get $11 million in personnel costs to process; yet they get less than $1 million to collect the fees for these requests. You can simply do the math. 
There are only nine allowable exemptions under the law that would prevent the EPA from complying with FOIA requests in the first place. These exemptions range from classified national defense, foreign relations information, to confidential business information and matters of personal privacy, things which we discuss in this room all the time. 
The amendment is simply another attempt to stop the EPA from issuing regulations, many of which are required by law and are designed to improve human health and the environment. 
point about EPA issuing regulations on the Freedom of Information Act, lack of funding available to do it, and then they are following the laws with the nine exemptions. 
Now, with regard to the Science Advisory Board, let me remind my colleagues that these boards are comprised of nearly four dozen experts from academia. For example, there are academics from the University of Texas Health Science Center in Houston, Texas; the Environmental Systems and Research Institute in Redlands, California; and from the University of Minnesota, my home State. 
Now, in my opinion, it is very disingenuous to suggest that this Advisory Board’s subject matter of experts 
would withhold information to Congress. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, which simply puts two more roadblocks in the EPA regulations. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I 
yield myself 15 seconds simply to point out that this amendment does not prevent the EPA from issuing any regulations. 
regulations. It simply says that the underlying data that the EPA is using to justify regulations needs to be made public. I don’t know who could oppose transparency and honesty by this administration. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I reserve the balance of my time. 
yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), who as I mentioned a 
while ago is a former chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and is now a member of the Committee on Financial Services. 
may I inquire into the remaining time on our side? 
45 seconds, I want to walk through a couple mechanical things really quickly. First off, this amendment is based on the OMB’s circular that actually said this data is supposed to be public. 
you are making rules, does not preassume that the reg is too tough, too little, too soft. What it means is, if you are going to be doing public policy— public policy—doesn’t the public deserve access to public data because there is lots of smart people out there on the left and the right or just academia that should have this information, this raw data, to decide are we doing it the most rational, the most powerful way? 
would like to once again reiterate there are only nine allowable exemptions under this law that would prevent the EPA from complying with FOIA requests. 
These exemptions range from classified national defense, foreign relations information, confidential business information, and matters of personal privacy. 
Once again, Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, which simply works to put roadblocks in front of the EPA ever being able to issue a regulation. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule following the Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Dog Management Plan (Plan/SEIS), Golden Gate National Recreation Area (GGNRA), California (78 Fed. Reg. 55094; September 9, 2013). 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentlewoman’s amendment. 
the gentlewoman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
That is what my dog Buddy says when he wants to go out for a walk, and that is what dogs throughout the bay area have been accustomed to doing in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area for decades. 
should be able to afford the opportunity for people to recreate, whether one wants to watch a bird, ride a horse, walk a path, or climb a hill. Some of these uses are incompatible, but that doesn’t mean we should ban them. That means that we should create opportunity for all. 
the GGNRA is proposing zero offleash dog areas, closing down one site that has been in operation for over many decades. 
have been welcome at the beaches and trails of the GGNRA, which compromises 80,000 acres across San Francisco, Marin, and San Mateo Counties. This public land provides muchneeded recreational space in the densely populated bay area. 
Today, that access is at risk. The National Park Service is trying to dramatically change how it manages recreational areas in the bay area by turning the majority of open space in the GGNRA into what are called controlled zones, where visitor access and activities could be highly restricted. Public use could be denied for longstanding activities in the GGNRA, like hiking, surfing, bike riding, horseback riding, and dog walking. 
and open space is precious. For many, the GGNRA is the only option for time outdoors. 
My amendment would slow the National Park Service’s regulatory overreach and ensure that people in the bay 
area continue to have recreational access to these urban parks. 
People and nature aren’t incompatible. We can be good stewards and also allow those in the GGNRA to have access to this very beautiful area. 
I ask for an ‘‘aye’’ vote, Mr. Chairman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I insist on my point of order. 
make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
I ask for a ruling from the Chair. The Acting CHAIR. Does any other 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
includes language requiring a new determination as to whether a rule ‘‘follows’’ a specified Environmental Impact Statement. 
The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to issue any oil and gas lease under the 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program unless the Secretary of the Interior has entered into revenue sharing agreement with each affected State. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order. 
the gentleman from South Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, my amendment withholds funding for permitting of offshore oil exploration until the Secretary of the Interior reaches revenuesharing agreements with coastal States. 
The Bureau of Ocean Energy Management’s 2017–2022 Outer Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Leasing Program 
opens the mid and south Atlantic regions to oil and gas development after several decades of being offlimits. 
and spill response have made environmentally safe access to oil and gas reserves in the Atlantic possible, coastal States should consider and prepare for impacts that offshore energy development present. 
States will help address the risk and responsibilities that States and coastal counties assume with offshore energy development. These revenues would help State governments expand coastal management and conservation, build necessary infrastructure, fund emergency preparation and response, and expand public service to support the influx of new industry and workforce. 
and management will add to the overall economic wellbeing of the coastal communities. Before our coastal States agree to share in the burden of offshore drilling, we ought to ensure that our coastal States are able to share in the economic blessings of such drilling. 
My amendment would prohibit funding for implementation of BOEM’s plan until the Secretary of the Interior enters into a revenue sharing agreement with the States affected. 
evening to adopt my amendment for coastal States, as we move forward with energy exploration off our coastlines, please be mindful of revenue sharing. 
is subject to a point of order, I plan to withdraw this amendment. But before I withdraw my amendment, I ask for the chairman’s consideration to assist in development of revenue sharing agreements to compensate the coastal States and help them to mitigate risk. 
work with the gentleman in the future to see if there is a methodology where we can move your idea forward and see if we can’t get the Federal Government and States to cooperate to their mutual, I think, benefit on this issue. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate the chairman’s consideration. 
to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . GARAMENDI  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
title), insert the following new section: PROHIBITION ON TRANSFER OF FIRE  
by this Act may be used to transfer funds made available by this Act for fire preparedness activities to the Wildland Fire Management appropriation for fire suppression activities. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
am trying to figure out where to start with this, because we are making progress. I guess the purpose of this amendment is to give this whole process a swift kick so we can actually do something that is absolutely necessary. 
Subcommittee really has it correct. And I want to read the language of the appropriations bill, which I happen to agree with this evening, but not the result. 
In 7 of the last 10 years, the Forest Service 
and the Department of the Interior have exceeded their wildland fire suppression budgets despite being fully funded at the 10year suppression average for such costs. 
destructive, putting people, communities, and ecosystems at greater risk. Fire borrowing has now become routine rather than extraordinary. Borrowing from nonfire accounts to pay suppression costs results in the Forest Service and Department of the Interior having fewer resources for forest management activities, including hazardous fuels management and other proven efforts, to improve overall forest health and reduce the risk of catastrophic wildland fires. 
you have it right. You and your committee staff have done the right analysis but haven’t completed the follow through to achieve that goal. 
standing nearby, and he has a very, very fine bill to deal with this. It would basically create two separate accounts. Now, understanding the necessity of proper order and being out of order, which sometimes I am, I am not proposing that we adopt the good gentleman from Idaho’s bill in this bill, but I have got a different idea. I am going to take this idea from my Republican colleagues who have created so many fiscal crises, otherwise known as cliffs, to create one. 
this amendment is saying you can’t borrow from other accounts, and when you run out of money, my goodness, we have a crisis. We will have to then adopt my good friend from Idaho’s legislation and solve the problem once and for all. 
does. It says you can’t borrow from other accounts to fight wildfires, which means that we are going to have to come to grips with the reality of our funding crisis—where we cannot get ahead of the wildland fires, where there is a necessity for us to spend money on 
health, thinning and other kinds of things, firebreaks and the like, so we don’t just burn down all the forests to get around with the proper management. This is what you call kicking the issue into gear. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim 
gentleman is trying to do, and we are on the same page, actually, in ultimately what we want to accomplish with this. 
money—the Interior Subcommittee has done it for several years now, and Chairman CALVERT has done it in this 
bill—where, under the FLAME Act, we fund the 10year average of what it costs to fight wildfires. Unfortunately, I think it is in 8 of the last 10 years we have exceeded that 10year average. Consequently, when money runs out for fighting wildfires, what the Forest Service does is borrow that money from other accounts. 
Forest Service doesn’t go out and do the thinning that is necessary or do the restoration that is necessary or do the trail maintenance that is necessary. The reason they can’t do it is because we have borrowed all the money to fight wildfires, and we are trying to prevent that wildfire borrowing. 
It is one thing to try to prevent it in 
a manner that will address the problem and another to just say you just can’t borrow, because I would hate to be in the situation where we run up against a fire year where we are going to exceed the 10year average, we run out of firefighting money, and there is no way to get the resources in order to fund the fires that are occurring in the latter part of the year. This would put pressure on for Congress to probably do something. 
with the Budget Committee that we have been working with in trying to address this issue. 
There is some language, as I understand it, in the Senate Interior bill dealing with the wildfirefighting costs and how we handle that. There is some language in a bill that will be before us I think this week, the Healthy Forest bill out of the Resources Committee. 
starting to realize that we have got to address this problem. There is absolutely no reason that wildfires should not be treated as other natural disasters are—hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, and other things. But for some reason, we treat wildfires differently, and that doesn’t make a lot of sense to me. 
have talked with the administration, with the Department of the Interior, with the Forest Service, and with many other people, trying to come to a 
resolution on this, and there are many people on both the Republican and the Democratic side of the aisle that are trying to address this. 
closer, because you know things don’t move as quickly as we like oftentimes in Congress. We are moving, inching closer, I would hope, to finding the solution to this. There are different ideas out there about how to go about doing exactly what the gentleman from California, myself, and the chairman all 
want to do, and that is quit the fire borrowing so that the Forest Service can do the job that we appropriate the money for them to do. 
real problems, I appreciate what the gentleman is trying to do, but I would have to oppose the amendment. 
from Idaho has it right. His bill ought to become law. And you did find a way to fund it: the same way we fund hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, and the like—out of FEMA. 
Good bill—by the way, I am a coauthor of it. Thank you very much. Only you can prevent forest fires. How many times have we seen Smokey the Bear? Congress can help. 
want to thank my colleagues on the other side of the aisle because you are in a position to lead on this. This amendment is in a position to cause action. That is all it is. 
going to have a fire disaster; there is no doubt about it. 
Probably, but we can solve it—we can solve it both with legislation, and then we can solve it with a piece of legislation moving through this House that would reach back to the FEMA money, where we always stack a huge stash of money for the eventuality of a disaster. We would reach back and say: Okay. That is how we are going to do it going forward. 
I think it is about time for me to 
yield. I probably don’t have much more time, but I am kind of stirring the pot here. I am trying to kick this into gear, and I am delighted to work with the good language that the chairman of the committee has put into the bill. 
again, your analysis of the problem and also your analysis of the solution. That is found in, this year, H.R. 167, a fine piece of legislation by an outstanding gentleman from Idaho. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I thank the gentleman for his comments and his help on trying to get us to a resolution on this. I am sure, working together, we can solve this problem eventually. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Interior or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat any gray wolf ( Canis 
lupus ) in Washington, Oregon, or Utah as an 
endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Washington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise today to offer an amendment that would prohibit the Department of the Interior and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service from using funds to continue listing the gray wolf under the Endangered Species Act in the States of Washington, Oregon, and Utah. 
issue of extreme importance to my home State of Washington, where the gray wolf is listed in the western two thirds of the State, but is delisted in the eastern third. This fragmented listing means that there are no geographic barriers to prevent the wolves from traveling between listed and delisted areas, posing a risk to people living, farming, and ranching in the region. 
Unfortunately, this issue should already have been settled. In June of 2013, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service published a proposed rule to remove the gray wolf from the list of endangered and threatened wildlife under the Endangered Species Act. 
this determination after evaluating this ‘‘classification status of gray wolves currently listed in the contiguous United States’’ and found the ‘‘best available science and commercial information indicates that the currently listed entity is not a valid species under the Act.’’ 
released its response to a petition seeking to reclassify all gray wolves in the U.S. as a threatened species under ESA. In its response, the Fish and Wildlife Service states that it determined there was not substantial information to indicate that such a reclassification was warranted, and as a result, the Fish and Wildlife Service will take no further action on the petition. 
of ESA is to recover a species to the point where it is no longer considered endangered or threatened. The gray wolf is currently found in nearly 50 countries around the world, and the wolf specialist group of the International Union for Conservation of Nature has placed the species in the category of ‘‘least concern globally’’ for risk of extinction. 
other examples I have cited clearly show that a full delisting of the gray wolf is long overdue. Since wolves were first placed under ESA, uncontrolled and unmanaged growth of gray wolf populations has resulted in devastating impacts on hunting and ranching, as well as tragic losses to historically strong and healthy livestock and wildlife populations. 
Mr. Chairman, the gray wolf population has grown substantially across its range and is now considered to be recovered; therefore, it does not merit protection under the Endangered Species Act. 
fully qualified to responsibly manage their gray wolf populations and are better suited than the Federal Government to meet the needs of local communities, ranchers, livestock, and wildlife populations. 
would take steps that the Fish and Wildlife Service has already said are necessary and are supported by the best available scientific evidence and data. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense amendment, and I urge its adoption. 
my colleague from eastern Washington, Congresswoman CATHY MCMORRIS RODGERS . 
Chairman, I thank my colleague, Representative NEWHOUSE , for yielding and 
Government delisted wolves in a portion of the Western United States, what was left behind was a growing wolf population and a confusing checkerboard of regulations. 
boundaries. When a single forest is divided between two different management plans, local leaders’, farmers’, and other stakeholders’ hands are tied when protecting themselves from a wolf threat and often face unnecessary repercussions. 
conservation and management plan, but is unable to fully implement it with Federal protections lingering in the western twothirds of the State. 
Our local leaders can manage the resources and wildlife in our State more effectively and efficiently than the Federal Government; but if we want to empower them to protect herds of livestock, people, and lands from other possible threats of wolves, we need a consistent framework for the entire 
this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
yet another attack on a vulnerable icon American species, the gray wolf. The gray wolf is a keystone species that plays a vital role in keeping our ecosystems healthy. 
It is also an animal that many Native American cultures feel a kinship bond with. I heard from many tribal leaders that the protections afforded under the Endangered Species Act for gray wolves are the only way that they have been able to keep wolf hunts out of their tribal reservation boundaries. 
Now, I understand many of my colleagues have very strong views about listings and delistings affecting their States, but the Endangered Species Act exists to offer necessary protections and ensure a species’ survival, which the majority of our constituents strongly support. This is the same law that successfully restored another iconic American species, the bald eagle. 
This amendment restricts the Department of the Interior’s ability to implement the Endangered Species Act. However, it does not alter the protections for the endangered wolves in these States. 
Regardless of one’s position on species protection, the amendment is very problematic. The restrictions will ultimately hurt farmers, ranchers, landowners and businessowners. 
the Fish and Wildlife Service would not be able to offer exemptions or permits for incidental killings of wolves to landowners, ranchers, and other parties who might be in need of them; however, the prohibition against accidental kills or takes would still remain and would still be legally enforceable. 
would either have to stop any activity—any activity—that led to the taking of a wolf, or they would be vulnerable to a lawsuit or heavy penalties. Simply put, this amendment is bad for wolves; it is bad for our ecosystem; it is bad for business, and it is bad for our constituents. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. I yield to the gentleman from Idaho. 
Mr. SIMPSON. I just wanted to explain the situation that we find ourselves in. 
I am sympathetic with what the gentleman is doing, and when we actually passed language 4 years ago on the wolves in Idaho and Montana, we thought about what happened to the 
wolves that go into Washington and Oregon and Nevada and Utah and so forth; and we thought about including those in the general delisting. Well, we didn’t delist them; the Fish and Wildlife Service did. 
One, those States didn’t have State management plans, which is the case today with most of them because we discussed this, or I discussed this issue earlier with the Fish and Wildlife Service. 
would like to do is, currently, they support the language that is in the bill that reinstates their delisting in Wyoming and the Great Lakes. Those States have State management plans that have been approved by Fish and Wildlife Service. 
are included in this that don’t have the State management plans, then Fish and Wildlife has to oppose what we are doing. 
I believe that what their goal is, is to 
get this language passed dealing with Wyoming, the Great Lakes, and then do a wider, rangewide delisting once those States have State management plans that have been adopted by the Fish and Wildlife Service, and this amendment may undermine that. 
discuss, I think. I am not opposing the gentleman’s amendment, but it is something that I think we need to discuss between now and conference so that we get a plan and to make sure that we are not undermining what I think we all want, and that is the ultimate delisting of the gray wolves that have met the standard. 
time, Mr. Chairman, as I said earlier, I understand that my colleagues have strong views about this, pro and con, about the listing and delisting; but this amendment is very, very problematic. For that reason, I can’t support it. 
This has so many unintended consequences that I feel very strongly— very strongly—about not supporting this amendment for that reason. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the few seconds I have left, I would certainly thank the gentleman from Idaho, as well as the lady from Minnesota, for sharing their concerns. 
with my colleagues. I would urge support and look forward to a continuing effort to move this to a conclusion that we can all accept. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. M CCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I reserve a point of order on the gentleman’s amendment. 
the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chairman, despite the potential for a point of order and the amendment being out of order, it really, really is a good policy. While it may not come to a vote on this House floor, it certainly ought to come to the attention of the appropriators and the administration that we have got a pretty serious drought in the West. It does affect California, Arizona, Oregon, probably parts of Idaho, and on into New Mexico. 
passed a $7 billion water bond that deals with the longterm issues of the water supply in California and some of the immediate challenges that the California drought has brought to the 30plus million citizens of the State. 
This amendment would direct the Department of the interior, the EPA, the Department of Agriculture, and the Department of Defense to focus the money that it would be spending in California under any circumstance, to focus that money on assisting, augmenting, advancing, and supplementing those programs that the State of California is undertaking to address the drought using the bond act money. 
spending the money on things that are not immediately relevant, that are not immediately necessary and do not immediately help those citizens of California, those communities, those agencies in the State that are suffering from the drought, rather to spend the money on those programs. That is it. It doesn’t call for any additional 
money. It doesn’t really cause long term problems to our appropriation 
processes, but, rather, it says, hey, we have got a problem. Let’s focus on the problem, and let’s coordinate with the State of California in solving the problem. That is it, pretty simple stuff. 
point of order, and this rather important concept won’t be in the legislation. 
However, I do think that the administration is aware, and they are beginning to focus appropriately on the drought in California. And I would hope in other States, just as we are suggesting they do here, that they, the administration and the Federal Government, focus the money that it would otherwise be spending in the State of California and in these other States on projects that the local governments, the State governments in those States are undertaking to address the drought—pretty basic. 
of order, I will reserve the balance of my time. 
on my point of order and make a point of order against the amendment because it proposes to change existing law and constitutes legislation in an appropriation bill and, therefore, violates clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The rule states in pertinent part: ‘‘An amendment to a general appropriations bill shall not be in order if changing existing law.’’ 
The amendment requires a new determination, and I ask for a ruling from the Chair. 
Member wish to be heard on the point of order? 
good friend from Idaho was so right and is now so wrong. But that is the way it is. When you have got the votes, you have got the votes. 
very good program. I would encourage all of us—and particularly the administration—to follow along the policies here; and I would point out that they are. 
includes language requiring a new determination of whether certain actions will contravene a specified State law. 
The amendment, therefore, constitutes legislation in violation of clause 2 of rule XXI. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Washington and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment on an issue that is critical to livestock producers not just in my State and in my district, but across the whole country. 
area, environmental activists, sued several dairies in the Yakima Valley in Washington State, claiming that the dairies were responsible for ‘‘open dumping’’ under the Resources Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976—or, as it is most commonly referred to, RCRA—because of manure storage and management issues on their farms. 
The big issue is what law the activists were suing the dairies under. There are many laws and regulations, both at the State and Federal level, which are appropriate mechanisms for protecting and ensuring our Nation’s waters are kept clean, but the problem I see is that RCRA is not one of them. 
solid wastes and prevent open dumping. The major application of this law is regulating landfills. It was never intended to regulate animal waste. In fact, the EPA, in its initial 1979 regulations for RCRA, expressed that the law ‘‘does not apply to agricultural waste, including manure and crop residue, returned to the soil as fertilizers or soil conditioners.’’ 
can get that manure storage and handling were not intended to be governed under this law. Unfortunately, though, a Federal judge in Spokane, Washington, agreed with the group and stretched the definition of ‘‘solid waste’’ to apply to manure nitrates, contrary to the law and Federal regulatory code, and held the dairies responsible for open dumping because of how they stored and handled animal waste. 
Mr. Chair, my amendment does nothing to prevent EPA from enforcing the current regulations under RCRA. It does nothing to change the Clean Water Act rulemakings, nor does it prevent EPA from issuing or enforcing Clean Water Act regulations. All my amendment does is prevent EPA from issuing and expanding new regulations under RCRA that would reflect the interpretation of this current law. 
Mr. Chair, no one is saying that livestock producers—like every American—don’t share in the responsibility of good stewardship of our environment 
But there are appropriate laws and regulations intended to govern this, and there are ones that are not appropriate for this purpose. 
regulation on producers and giving activists new litigation tools to target our Nation’s farmers and ranchers is not what Congress had in mind when passing the Resources Conservation and Recovery Act. We, as Congress, have a responsibility to make that clarification, and that is what I am seeking to do with this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would be better able to comment on this amendment if the gentleman had shared a copy. In this day and age, I am glad we are allowed to bring an iPad on the floor. 
Mr. Chairman, I would ask the gentleman from Washington when he decided upon this amendment. Has it been in the last 20 minutes, or was it 2 hours ago? 
more like 6 hours ago that it was in the hopper. 
rule in Washington State on this dairy case. And it is, ‘‘Dairy Pollution Threatens Washington Valley’s Water.’’ This was a big enough story, in fact, that it was even reprinted by the Minneapolis Star Tribune. It was the first time that the Federal Resources Conservation Recovery Act was used to consider ways in which land and water had to be protected. 
didn’t have an opportunity to really delve into this and find out more about it—and what the amendment does is it just totally stops funds to be issued under this regulation to animal feeding operations—I am going to oppose it because it also includes large concentrated animal feeding operations. And I do come from a farming State, so I do know the difference between a small farm, a small hog farmer, and a lagoon, and large dairy farms and small dairy farms. So with that, I oppose this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I am 
not questioning the good lady’s credentials from the farming State of Minnesota. But certainly given time, as this process moves forward, she will become intimately familiar with this law as it is being interpreted. It is already happening in other parts of the country, and I would offer this amendment to help preclude the wrongful use of the law and ask my colleagues for strong consideration. I yield back the balance of my time. 
A Federal judge has ruled that a large industrial dairy in eastern Washington has polluted drinking water through its application, storage, and management of manure in a case that could set precedents across the Nation. 
U.S. District Judge Thomas O. Rice of Spokane ruled Wednesday that the pollution posed an ‘‘imminent and substantial endangerment’’ to the environment and to people who drink the water. 
other conclusion than that the dairy’s operations are contributing to the high levels of nitrate that are currently contaminating— and will continue to contaminate . . . the underlying groundwater.’’ 
‘‘Any attempt to diminish the dairy’s contribution to the nitrate contamination is disingenuous, at best,’’ Rice wrote in the 111 page opinion, in which he granted partial summary judgment in favor of environmental groups that sued the dairy. 
These environmental groups are people who are looking out for their drinking water. So, Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill before the short title, 
in this Act may be used to eliminate the Urban Wildlife Refuge Partnership. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
let me thank the committee, both the staff and the gentlewoman from Minnesota, the gentleman from California, and the gentleman from Idaho who are now managing this appropriations bill. 
I call this the good health appropriations for the quality of life of many Americans, both urban and rural. I ask my colleagues to consider my amendment, which deals with the urban reforestation program. I live close and personal to both urban areas and rural areas in my congressional district. 
Given close to 80 percent of the population of the conterminous United States lives in an urban area, the benefits provided by urban forests touch most U.S. citizens. My amendment specifically reinforces the importance of urban reforestation, as well as preserves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. I offered these amendments in years 
past. I know it from a realtime experience. Over the last couple of years, when the drought hit Houston and many other areas in Texas, millions of trees were lost. Millions of trees were lost. 
very challenging effort of trying to reforest parks like Memorial Park, MacGregor Park, and many parks in the northeast part of my district. In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 30 percent of all of our urban trees, a loss of over 600 million trees. 
in Houston benefit from urban reforestation. In fact, many Members will remember that throughout our careers, we have been involved in planting of trees. There are major efforts throughout our community. 
who have worked in Houston, Texas, doing the reforestation work: Houston Wilderness, Student Conservation Association, the Buffalo Bayou Partnership, the Greater East End Management District, Houston Parks and Recreation Department, and Texas Parks & Wildlife Department, along with many civic clubs of which I have had the privilege of working with. 
a leading conservation group, estimated that the treecovered loss in the greater Washington metropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than 1 billion in storm water control facilities to manage. 
middle of the city can have a beneficial effect on a community’s health, both physically and psychologically. A healthy 32foottall ash tree can produce about 260 pounds of oxygen annually. 
help combat the effects of greenhouse gases. Trees help cool down the overall city environment by shading asphalt, concrete, and metal surfaces. Buildings and paving in city centers create a heat island effect. A mature tree canopy reduces air temperatures by about 5 to 10 degrees. 
importance of reforestation. A few years ago, I helped create a memorial plaza for a Martin Luther King monument in MacGregor Park. There was a tree of life that was presented to that park by Martin Luther King’s father. 
that tree had to be moved. It caused an emotional uprising in our community. Ovide Duncantell tied himself to the tree. 
had to be moved, and that tree was potentially a tree that would die. With the right kind of nurturing and reforestation and treatment by the foresters who came, that tree is now a shining example of a unified community. 
speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the Interior and Environment Appropriations Act of 2016 and to commend Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for 
their leadership in shepherding this bill through the legislative process. 
the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums including the National Zoo. 
sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
the importance of urban forests, and preserves our ability to return urban areas to healthy and safe living environments for our children. 
Identical amendments were offered and accepted in the Interior and Environment Appropriations Acts for Fiscal Year 2008 (H.R. 2643) and Fiscal Year 2007 (H.R. 5386), and were adopted by voice vote. 
In the past 30 years alone, we have lost 
30% of all our urban trees—a loss of over 600 million trees. 
Eighty percent (80%) of the American population lives in the dense quarters of a city. 
Reforestation programs return a tool of nature to a concrete area that can help to remove air pollution, filter out chemicals and agricultural waste in water, and save communities millions of dollars in storm water management costs. 
In addition, havens of green in the middle of 
a city can have beneficial effects on a community’s health, both physical and psychological, as well as increase property value of surrounding real estate. 
our environment involves both the protection of existing natural resources and active support for restoration and improvement projects. 
leading conservation group, estimated that the tree cover lost in the greater Washington metropolitan area from 1973 to 1997 resulted in an additional 540 million cubic feet of storm water runoff annually, which would have taken more than $1 billion in storm water control facilities to manage. 
A healthy tree, say a 32 ft tall ash tree, can 
produce about 260 lb of oxygen annually—two trees supply the oxygen needs of a person for a year. 
A mature tree absorbs from 120 to 240 lbs 
of the small particles and gases of air pollution. Trees help combat the effects of ‘‘greenhouse’’ gases, the increased carbon dioxide produced from burning fossil fuels that is causing our atmosphere to ‘‘heat up.’’ 
Trees help cool down the overall city environment by shading asphalt, concrete and metal surfaces. 
A mature tree canopy reduces air temperatures by about 5–10 degrees Fahrenheit. 
cooling costs of a typical residence by 8 to 12 percent, producing an average annual savings of $120 per American household. 
slow winter winds, and reduce annual energy use for home heating by 4–22%. 
Mr. Chair, trees play a vital role in making 
The Jackson Lee amendment simply provides for continued support to programs that reforest our urban areas. 
adoption of the Jackson Lee amendment and thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consideration, and very fine work in putting together this legislation. 
Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. 
about what your goals and objectives are, and I think it is very worthy of our consideration. 
let me conclude by simply saying what a great difference life will be in many urban areas with our commitment to reforestation of urban areas and creating more opportunities for trees to grow in those areas. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act shall be used to implement or enforce the threatened species listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Kansas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
amendment today would prohibit further waste of Federal funds from being used to enforce the unnecessary listing of the lesser prairie chicken as a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act. 
Now, this listing has Americans crying foul in Kansas and all across the country over the burden it places on farmers, ranchers, and agriculture producers. This misguided listing comes at a time when the lesser prairie chicken is actually becoming the greater prairie chicken, in some respects, gaining in population significantly each of the last several years. 
Less than 1 week ago, a new population count for the lesser prairie chicken was released, and it shows a 25 percent increase in the species population over the last year. That follows a 20 percent increase from the year before. 
What is to account for all this? Is it 
the listing on the endangered species list? No—these population increases, according to experts, are attributed to improved habitat conditions, as a result of increased rainfall to an area that had previously been experiencing one of the worst droughts since the infamous Dust Bowl. 
can be attributed to the central planners in Washington, D.C., nor can this listing have any effect on making it rain in places like Kansas. 
We need to let State and local municipalities and States work together to create these conservation plans to help produce the populations we need for the lesser prairie chicken. 
areas—Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico, and Colorado—already have a locally driven, areawide plan in place known as the lesser prairie chicken rangewide conservation plan. It has broad stakeholder support to conserve and replenish the lesser prairie chicken population. 
as Democrats and Republicans, to flock together, to break out of our shells, to work with States and localities and delist the lesser prairie chicken. 
on hardworking farmers to grow crops and feed our Nation, and it makes it harder for energy producers to produce renewable or traditional energy. 
grocery store or at the pump for average everyday working Americans. This cost of the listing is having little to no impact; this is while the cost of this listing has little to no impact on the evergrowing population. 
and localities working hand in hand with farmers and producers; yet, as these ineffective Federal burdens go up, so does the cost of doing business in America. Now, that is truly something 
recoup and conserve and grow the lesser prairie chicken populations, and let’s pass this amendment. 
amendment would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing or enforcing threatened species listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act and would restrict the Fish and Wildlife Service from offering any critical protections to preserve the species. 
This amendment is harmful and misguided and maybe a little scrambled, as in some eggs. Once the species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, the role of Fish and Wildlife is primarily permissive, helping parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities. 
Under this amendment, all the Endangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. They would still apply, the Endangered Species Act prohibitions, but landowners would have no avenue to comply with them. 
would be barred from issuing permits or exemptions. This means landowners, industry, and other parties who might need to take the lesser prairie chicken incidentally to do their otherwise lawful activities, such as oil and gas development, would be vulnerable to a citizens lawsuit. 
halt an innovative plan to conserve the lesser prairie chicken. In 2014, Fish and Wildlife, in partnership with States and local stakeholders, began the implementation of a lesser prairie chicken rangewide conservation plan. That encouraged participants to gain in proactive and voluntary conservation activities, promoting lesser prairie chicken conservation. 
The plan describes a locally controlled and an innovative approach for maintaining the State’s authority to conserve the species and allows for economic development to continue in a seamless manner. It sounds like a win win to me, with Fish and Wildlife partnering with local partners and with the State. 
This plan prevents significant regulatory delays in obtaining taking permits, disruption to economic activities vital to the State and national interests, and little incentive for conservation habitat on prairie lands. 
would undermine this plan that local folks and the State came up with to be more collaborative in a conservation effort. This amendment would create uncertainty for landowners, making them vulnerable, as I said earlier, to lawsuits. 
Wildlife Service in its efforts to work with local community leaders and to work with the States, not blocking the agency for doing their job. I urge my colleagues to oppose this 
1⁄2minutes to the gentleman from western Kansas (Mr. HUELSKAMP ), my friend and colleague. 
am pleased to cosponsor this commonsense amendment as we work to stop the Federal Government from enforcing the illadvised listing of the lesser prairie chicken. 
As a fifthgeneration farmer and possibly the only Member on the floor who has actually seen the reallife bird on a family farm that we are talking about, I am strongly opposed to this listing. 
As was mentioned, this listing occurred during a massive, historical multiyear drought in my home area in my region and State, which obviously limits habitat growth and reduces the numbers of prairie chickens. 
and that, it has. Thank you, Lord, though I fully expect the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to take credit for the resulting increase in the lesser prairie chicken population. 
from farmers, ranchers, homebuilders, energy producers, and other small businesses concerned about what this listing would do to our rural economy. Our farmers and ranchers are in a state of uncertainty as to whether certain farming and conservation practices, like we have in my own farm, will result in fines or perhaps even jail time. Many energy producers have stopped drilling new wells for fear of risking the consequences of the listing. 
does it soon, this threat to our rural economy will probably continue forever. In 40 years of the Endangered Species Act, more than 1,350 species have been listed as endangered, but only 24 have been delisted, and that is just 1.7 percent—not very successful, Mr. Chairman. 
these concerns with you, and I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, support our farmers and ranchers, and support common sense. 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of 
sympathetic to the gentleman’s concerns, particularly because my home State of California probably has more than its fair share of endangered species problem. 
upon the principle that, if a species is listed, that it will be recovered and management will return to the States. This push by the States is the reality we see playing out. Bats, wolves, greater sagegrouse, delta smelt, the list 
to see the States pushing back through their elected Representatives in the legislative branch in an effort to bring the Endangered Species Act back into balance. 
I would support this amendment. Mr. YODER. Mr. Chair, I yield back 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chair, I understand that there is a concern with the listings; and I hear that very loud and clear from my colleagues. 
amendments have been drafted, particularly in line with this amendment, again, all the Endangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply. 
comply with because they wouldn’t have a partner in the Fish and Wildlife because Fish and Wildlife would be barred from issuing any permits or any exemptions. 
Clearly, it means landowners, industries, and other parties who might need to take a lesser prairie chicken incidentally to their otherwise lawful activities will be vulnerable to a lawsuit. Additionally, this amendment will halt any innovation plan to conserve the lesser prairie chicken. 
The gentleman’s amendment, by undermining collaborative efforts and, I believe, with an amendment that creates uncertainty for landowners making them vulnerable to lawsuits, should be an amendment that should be opposed. 
Mr. Chairman, I oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. YODER ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
again, let me offer my appreciation to the gentlewoman from Minnesota, the 
gentleman from California, and their staff who have worked with us. 
just a few days ago, I offered this amendment dealing with museums and dealing with my concern for the funding and the Smithsonian, to provide for the Nation’s museum. 
that I have offered this amendment in the past because I have a particular interest in the museums of America and their ability to do outreach. I imagine I am not alone standing here amongst appropriators to again say and call for the end of sequestration to be able to provide the appropriators and to provide the people of America the full funding to address these quality of life issues from the various lands and Federal parks and, as well, the historic trails, of which I will talk about, but museums, urban reforestation, all elements of the beauty of this Nation. And I frankly believe that museums, likewise, are that form of beauty. 
‘‘None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to limit outreach programs administered by the Smithsonian Institution.’’ 
mission, the increase and diffusion of knowledge, the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amounts of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. 
trouble. The Smithsonian has a beautiful array of museums that are here that millions of Americans have the opportunity to visit. But the outreach program serves millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 States through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and Web sites. 
presentation of a horrible time in history, but it also serves as a very unifying entity in our community; 
original board members and founders, now the Children’s Museum is one of the major children’s museums in the Nation. But again, it needs the impact of the outreach of the Smithsonian; 
African American Culture, headed by a dear friend, but also a champion of holding this museum together, and that is John Guess. He needs a fuller embrace by the Smithsonian, including its expertise, its experts, its Ph.D.s, traveling efforts, and again, its encouragement of corporate communities to recognize the value of participating in museums. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach activities include the Smithsonian Institution traveling exhibition, the Smithsonian Center for Education and Museum Studies, National Science Resources Center, the Smithsonian Institution Press, the Office of Fellowships, and the Smithsonian Associates. 
Who are we if we do not value preserving those items that tell the varied and diverse history of America, the 
good history of America, the history that is unifying and purposeful in citing us as a country that recognizes our wonderful diversity? 
this amendment that deals specifically with allowing the outreach to the kinds of museums that really need the help of the Smithsonian. 
Chairman, is very important to urban areas and rural areas alike, and its ability or its affiliation is to build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to establish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. 
Again, allow me to salute, in particular, John Guess, with the Museum of African American Culture in Houston. He has literally put that museum together, along with his board members. 
hearing me as I am talking on the floor of the House—we need your help in Houston, Texas. We probably need your help in Washington State, in California, Minnesota, New York, and beyond to preserve and help these small museums throughout the Nation. 
only this amendment, but the museums of this Nation. 
And I say to Mr. CALVERT , we had 
discussed this before. This amendment now is a placeholder, hopefully, for our discussion going forward dealing with the preservation of our museums. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, thank you for this opportunity to 
speak in support of my amendment to H.R. 2822, the ‘‘Interior and Environment Appropriations Act of 2016.’’ 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill to the floor. 
the Smithsonian Institution, which operates our national museums, including the Air and Space Museum; the Museum of African Art; the Museum of the American Indian; and the National Portrait Gallery. 
The Smithsonian also operates another national treasure: the National Zoo. 
sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
This amendment is identical to an amendment I offered to the Interior and Environment Appropriations Act for FY2008 (H.R. 2643) that was approved by voice vote on June 26, 2007. 
Mr. Chair, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs bring Smithsonian scholars in art, history and science out of ‘‘the nation’s attic’’ and into their own backyard. 
Smithsonian in Washington, D.C. But in order to fulfill the Smithsonian’s mission, ‘‘the increase and diffusion of knowledge,’’ the Smithsonian seeks to serve an even greater audience by bringing the Smithsonian to enclaves of communities who otherwise would be deprived of the vast amount of cultural history offered by the Smithsonian. 
millions of Americans, thousands of communities, and hundreds of institutions in all 50 states, through loans of objects, traveling exhibitions, and sharing of educational resources via publications, lectures and presentations, training programs, and websites. 
close cooperation with Smithsonian museums and research centers, as well as with 144 affiliate institutions and others across the nation. 
The Smithsonian’s outreach activities support communitybased cultural and educational organizations around the country. 
They ensure a vital, recurring, and highimpact Smithsonian presence in all 50 states through the provision of traveling exhibitions and a network of affiliations. 
connections between the Institution and targeted audiences (African American, Asian American, Latino, Native American, and new American) and provide kindergarten through collegeage museum education and outreach opportunities. 
science education programs, facilitate the Smithsonian’s scholarly interactions with students and scholars at universities, museums, and other research institutions; and disseminate results related to the research and collections strengths of the Institution. 
2. the Smithsonian Affiliations, the Smithsonian Center for Education and Museum Studies (SCEMS); 
5. the Office of Fellowships (OF); and 6. the Smithsonian Associates (TSA), which 
To achieve the goal of increasing pubic engagement, SITES directs some of its federal resources to develop Smithsonian Across America: A Celebration of National Pride. 
Smithsonian artifacts from the most iconic (presidential portraits, historical American flags, Civil War records, astronaut uniforms, etc.) to the simplest items of everday life (family quilts, prairie schoolhouse furnishings, historical lunch boxes, multilingual store front and street signs, etc.), has been a longstanding organizational priority of the Smithsonian. 
SITES ‘‘mobile museum’’ is the only traveling exhibit format able to guarantee audience growth and expanded geographic distribution during sustained periods of economic retrenchment, but also because it is imperative for the many exhibitors nationwide who are struggling financially yet eager to participate in Smithsonian outreach. 
For communities still struggling to fully recover from the economic downturn, the ability of museums to present temporary exhibitions, the ‘‘mobile museum’’ promises to answer an evergrowing demand for Smithsonian shows in the field. 
reach a maximum of 12 locations over a two to threeyear period. 
visit up to three venues per week in the course of only one year, at no cost to the host institution or community. 
The net result is an increase by 150 in the 
number of outreach locations to which SITES shows can travel annually. 
shortterm stops in cities and towns from coasttocoast, a ‘‘mobile museum’’ has the advantage of being able to frequent the very locations where people live, work, and take part in leisure time activities. 
By establishing an exhibit presence in settings like these, SITES will not only increase its annual visitor participation by 1 million, but also advance a key Smithsonian performance objective: to develop exhibit approaches that address diverse audiences, including population groups not always affiliated with mainstream cultural institutions. 
face of the Smithsonian’s National Museum of African American History and Culture, as that new Museum comes online. 
will introduce the American public to the Museum’s mission, SITES in FY 2008 will tour such stirring exhibitions as NASA ART: 50 Years of Exploration; 381 Days: The Montgomery Bus Boycott Story; Beyond: Visions of Planetary Landscapes; The Way We Worked: Photographs from the National Archives; and More Than Words: Illustrated Letters from the Smithsonian’s Archives of American Art. 
To meet the growing demand among smaller community and ethnic museums for an exhibition celebrating the Latino experience, SITES provided a scaleddown version of the National Museum of American History’s 4,000 squarefoot exhibition about legendary entertainer Celia Cruz. 
about Crow Indian history and the other on basket traditions, will give Smithsonian visitors beyond Washington a taste of the Institution’s critically acclaimed National Museum of the American Indian. 
‘‘Earth from Space,’’ provided visitors an opportunity to experience the Smithsonian’s recently opened, expansive National Air and Space Museum UdvarHazy Center. 
For almost 30 years, The Smithsonian Associates—the highly regarded educational arm of the Smithsonian Institution—has arranged Scholars in the Schools programs. 
wellreceived educational outreach program, the Smithsonian shares its staff—hundreds of experts in art, history and science—with the national community at a local level. 
build a strong national network of museums and educational organizations in order to establish active and engaging relationships with communities throughout the country. 
areas and scholarly disciplines, both emerging and wellestablished, Smithsonian Affiliations is building partnerships through which audiences and visitors everywhere will be able to share in the great wealth of the Smithsonian while building capacity and expertise in local 
(NSRC) strives to increase the number of ethnically diverse students participating in effective science programs based on NSRC products and services. 
The Center develops and implements a national outreach strategy that will increase the number of school districts (currently more than 800) that are implementing NSRC K–8 programs. 
program activity with a newly developed scientific outreach program introducing communities and school districts to science through literacy initiatives. 
In addition, through the building of the multicultural Alliance Initiative, the Smithsonian’s outreach programs seek to develop new approaches to enable the public to gain access to Smithsonian collections, research, education, and public programs that reflect the diversity of the American people, including underserved audiences of ethnic populations and persons with disabilities. 
adoption of my amendment and thank Chairman CALVERT and Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their courtesies, consideration, and 
very fine work in putting together this excellent legislation. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Director of the National Park Service to implement, administer, or enforce Policy Memorandum 11– 03 or to approve a request by a park superintendent to eliminate the sale in National Parks of water in disposable plastic bottles. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
This summer, thousands of Americans will load the kids into the car and set out on a trip to visit one of our country’s historic national parks. 
Whether it is to see the stunning valleys of the Grand Canyon or the towering stone faces etched into Mt. Rushmore, tens of millions of families arrive at national park destinations each year. 
Park Service has implemented a policy allowing parks to ban the sale of bottled water, and only bottled water, at park concessions. I understand that the Park Service is concerned about waste left behind by visitors. We all agree that protecting our national parks is a laudable goal. However, banning the 
sale of bottled water is not the best way to go about it. 
at our parks, we are depriving millions of Americans access to a healthy and necessary beverage that park visitors rely on. This is especially true in the hot summer months. 
camping equipment and aren’t experienced hikers and climbers will be surprised to find out that they can’t buy their child a bottle of water at one of our national parks. Nineteen national parks have adopted or plan to adopt a bottled water ban. This includes the Grand Canyon National Park. Temperatures at the Grand Canyon just this week will top 100 degrees. Visitors who may have forgotten or have run out of water could be put at risk of dehydration. 
Banning bottled water defies common sense. Even the Park Service admits that the ban ‘‘could affect visitor safety’’ and ‘‘eliminates the healthiest choice for bottled drinks, leaving sugary drinks as a primary alternative.’’ 
Service’s own Healthy Parks Healthy People initiative, which urges visitors to make healthy food choices because, remember, bottled water, and only bottled water, is banned from being sold at concessions. 
to reduce waste. But the National Park Service has confirmed that participating parks haven’t been able to determine if the policy works. To start, we know parks don’t separately analyze recycled waste visitors leave behind. Parks simply can’t say whether the ban has worked. 
conducted on similar water bans show that they aren’t effective in reducing waste. A study in the American Journal of Public Health found the bottled water bans on college campuses had unintended consequences. Eliminating bottled water did not, in fact, reduce waste, but actually led to a spike in sales and increased shipments of packaged beverages. 
to protect our parks. All we ask today is that the National Park Service carefully consider its policies. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
would like to work with the gentleman on this issue because I think he raises some concerns which do need to be addressed. 
I would just kind of like to set the 
picture about what is currently going on right now. There are 407 units in the National Park system, and only 19 of them—19 of them—have elected to eliminate the sale of water in disposable plastic bottles. 
National Park system units, including these 19, visitors are still free to bring water in with them and use water in disposable plastic bottles. They are not banned from bringing in their own water. 
bottles has had a significant environmental impact on the National Park system units. That is why I would like to work with the gentleman and figure out what we need to do about waste reduction in our parks and if this was part of the Park’s overall system on it, and the sugary drinks that the gentleman referred to, if those bottles are also a potential problem, or how do we educate and work with families and hikers and vacationers and visitors to our national parks about not leaving this waste out in the open. 
Park, disposable bottles compromise nearly 20 percent of the Grand Canyon’s waste stream and 30 percent of the park’s recyclables. 
sales, the National Park system units were required to undertake an extensive review process considering 14 different factors before seeking approval from the regional director. This extensive review process included rigorous impact analysis, including assessment of the effects on visitors’ health and safety. 
required to maintain an extensive public education program that provides readily available designed water bottle refilling stations. And in many places that I visited recently, I have seen both the ability to purchase as well as refill, at our national parks, water bottles. 
National Park Service encourages recycling in the reduction of plastic disposable water bottles. My concern would be we wouldn’t want your amendment—and I will speak for myself. I don’t want to be part of undercutting any of those efforts to encourage recycling in the reduction of disposable water bottles. 
park system eliminated water sales without having a viable alternative, as the gentleman pointed out, but that does not appear to be the case here. As I noted earlier, there is an extensive review process, and these park units are required to offer readily available free water refilling stations. Plus, people are still free to bring in water themselves. 
the gentleman and the chairman to see if there are any refinements or if there is anything that we need to know more about what the National Park system’s policy on plastic water bottles is. But I do not support an outright prohibition on the National Park Service to be able to carry out a policy that encourages the reuse and the reduction of plastic water bottles in our parks and in our Nation. I reserve the balance of my time. 
time, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Mrs. ELLMERS ). 
Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of my colleague from Pennsylvania’s amendment. 
As a nurse, I know the key component of staying healthy is being hydrated and drinking plenty of water. However, if you were to be in one of our Nation’s parks, you might find this difficult. 
allows individual parks to ban bottled water from their premises. Yet, in those same parks, someone can still purchase soda and other bottled beverages. 
While it was created in an attempt to reduce litter in the parks, it has, instead, served as a primary example of intrusive government overreach— something this country certainly needs less of and something my constituents sent me here to Washington to prevent. 
Sustainable Practices report, parks that have implemented this ban are not actually reporting any useful data on recycling by type. In other words, they don’t know if this ban is effectively working or not. Preserving the beauty of our parks is a noble goal and is something we should all care about, but it should not come at the expense of consumer choice. 
freedom; we should support the beauty of our parks; and we should support good, healthy lifestyles for every American. However, the current ban in place does none of the above. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense measure as it stops this ineffective ban. 
the speakers and to the chairman of the subcommittee, I hear the concerns. If there are concerns to be addressed, I want to be a partner in that, but I also don’t want to be part in party of walking back—reducing waste in our streams and not in any way, shape or form, adding to the costs of Park Service rangers and volunteers in their having to go out and clean up plastic bottles, plastic water caps, and other such things. 
I would like very much to work with my colleagues on this issue, but I did not hear anybody saying that they wanted to work back. So, at this point, I will oppose the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
my colleagues to support this amendment for the convenience of consumers 
and also in light of the fact that studies show that it is not having an impact. 
I yield the balance of my time to the 
more than happy to work with my good friend from Minnesota as we move this process forward. 
the budget process with the National Park Service earlier in the year. We, obviously, don’t want to discourage people from drinking water. We want them to stay hydrated. There are also people who work in the bottled water industry, and I think it is a noble industry. We want to encourage people to drink more water. It is not just about bottled water. It is about jobs and about the people who bottle that water. 
I will work together with the gentlewoman from Minnesota, and we will not deny people water in our national parks. I support this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of bill, before the short title, 
by this Act for the ‘‘DEPARTMENT OF INTERIOR—NATIONAL PARK SERVICE —NATIONAL RECREATION AND PRESERVATION ’’ may 
be used in contravention of section 320101 of title 54, United States Code. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise with my appreciation to the managers of this bill and their staffs; but I also want to thank them for the very civil discussion that occurred earlier by two of my colleagues who offered amendments regarding the exhibition of Civil War artifacts, or the rebel flag, and I thank them for their courtesy in those amendments of those individuals. 
that I look forward to the opportunity given to us by the leadership of this House to have a full discussion on various entities that did not unify but divide, and I think a civil debate on this is warranted in this House as we watched the very moving and very honest debate that took place in South Carolina. 
I hope, is embracing and is a show of unity about what America stands for, 
Corridor designation. I just want to show this map, and I am certainly quite pleased that a number of these National Heritage Areas do exist. There are 49 of them—none in the State of Texas, none but possibly one in Minnesota, maybe one between Arizona and California, but very few in the West, including in the State of Idaho, and I can name a number of other 
value of these national trails. This is particularly important because this tells the story of America. 16 U.S. Code 461 provides that: ‘‘It is declared that it is a national policy to preserve for public use historic sites, buildings, and objects of national significance for the inspiration and benefit of the people of the United States.’’ Again, I want to emphasize that—the inspiration. 
Texas has, starting in Galveston, history referring to the Emancipation Proclamation. We commemorate something called Juneteenth, and out of Juneteenth was the time when Captain Granger came to the shores of Galveston, in Texas, and announced that the slaves had been freed. However, there are a number of other historic sites following the trail from Galveston through Houston to include Emancipation Park, MacGregor Park, and then sites going up through Austin. 
of historic trails can create an economic impact. For example, in 2012, a nationally respected consulting firm completed a comprehensive economic impact of six national historic sites in the northeast region that also included an extrapolation of the economic benefit of all 49 NHAs. It was $12.9 billion. 
impact of the individual NHAs and based it upon a case study approach and found that the economic impact of three National Historic Areas in Arizona, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania showed: in Massachusetts, $153.8 million in economic impact, 1,832 jobs, and generates $14.3 million in tax revenue; in Pennsylvania, $21.2 million in economic impact, 314 jobs, and generates $1.5 million in tax revenue; in the Yuma Crossing National Heritage Area in Arizona, $22.7 million in economic impact, supports 277 jobs, and generates $1.3 million in tax revenue. 
and very vital part of America’s history, and as we approach the anniversary of this legislation that was created in 1966, I think it is important to reinforce the ability for these particular sites. We need to increase the ability for feasibility studies; we need the support of legislative action and designation; and we need to be able to introduce people to the importance of these sites. 
the emancipation part. In 1872, in Houston, four former slaves raised $800. That would be part of it, but I would just simply say that this is a very important part of America’s history. I ask my colleagues to support the 
creation of a national heritage site across America by supporting the Jackson Lee amendment so that we can expand the 49 sites to other States that do not have one single site, and Texas is one of them. 
speak in support of the Jackson Lee amendment and to commend Chairman CALVERT and 
Ranking Member M CCOLLUM for their leadership in shepherding this bill to floor. 
the U.S. Forest Service, the National Park System, and the Smithsonian Institution. 
also funds a very special program, the National Recreation and Preservation. 
simple but it sends a very important message from the Congress of the United States. 
And 16 U.S. Code 461 provides that: It is declared that it is a national policy to 
preserve for public use historic sites, buildings, and objects of national significance for the inspiration and benefit of the people of the United States. 
and provide economic benefits to communities and regions through their commitments to heritage conservation and economic development. 
entities support historic preservation, natural resource conservation, recreation, heritage tourism, and educational projects. 
projects, NHA partnerships generate increased economic impact for regions in which they are located. 
firm (Tripp Umbach) completed a comprehensive economic impact study of six NHA sites in the Northeast Region that also included an extrapolation of the economic benefit of all 49 NHA sites on the national economy. 
The economic activity supports approximately 148,000 jobs and generates $1.2 billion annually in Federal revenues from sources such as employee compensation, proprietor income, indirect business tax, households, and corporation. 
of individual NHAs based upon a case study approach and found that the economic impact of the three National Historic Areas in Arizona, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania showed: 
1. Essex National Heritage Area (MA) generates $153.8 million in econonic impact, supports 1,832 jobs, and generates $14.3 million in tax revenue. 
generates $21.2 million in economic impact, supports 314 jobs, and generates $1.5 million tax revenue; and 
(AZ) $22.7 million in economic impact, supports 277 jobs, and generates $1.3 million in 
Mr. Chair, as I said there are 49 NHA 
across the nation but, surprisingly, none in my state of Texas. 
We hope to rectify this in the not too distant 
Texas is the largest and second most populous state in the nation and has a unique story in American history with its diverse geographic landscape, natural resources, and population. 
and forestry, and the Buffalo Soldiers, Texas has a rich multicultured heritage and history. 
with my colleagues to establish a National Heritage Area Corridor designation that stretches across historically significant and landmark sites from Galveston to Houston and East Texas into Central Texas. 
This cultural corridor would focus on historic, cultural and natural sites, as well as roadways, businesses, residential and farm districts that unite Texas’ rich heritage from the first settlers to modern times. 
of the passage of the 1966 National Historic Preservation Act, we want to preserve and unite the legacy stories of some of our state’s most revered sites. 
Currently underway in Houston is the revitalization of the historic Emancipation Park, a pivotal site in the state’s social and cultural development and African American legacy. 
fruition and designated as a part of a National Heritage Corridor, represents a unique opportunity to tell a comprehensive story about the great State of Texas. 
(NHAs) are both a good investment and national treasure providing economic benefits to communities and regions through their commitment to heritage conservation and economic development. 
THE CREATION OF A NATIONAL HERITAGE COR RIDOR FOR EMANCIPATION PARK AND SUR ROUNDING HISTORIC SITES IN TEXAS : 
purchase 10 acres of land as a gathering place to celebrate their new found freedom. This land has played a prominent role in America’s rich cultural heritage, from slavery, to the false hopes of Emancipation, a safe haven under Jim Crow, a site for mobilization and activism during the Civil Rights movement and will now serve as a local, national and international destination for many years to come for all people for the discussion of modern day race relations and for the celebration and exploration of African American history and culture. 
From the Slave Ships landing in Galveston, to slaves traveling into Ft. Bend and Harris County, up the Brazos into Washington County and from East Texas into Central Texas. 
Emancipation Park can serve as the Welcoming Center and the Conservancy can provide the oversight for the NHC 
6. Raises the Profile of the Project for the 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF  
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I rise to offer a commonsense amendment to the Interior and EPA Appropriations bill which, I hope, all Members can and will support. 
legislation and for including critical provisions to prevent the EPA from moving forward on crippling new regulations on our economy. 
Mr. Chairman, since 2009, our job creators have faced an onslaught of regulations from the EPA even as Congress has consistently reduced the Agency’s budget year after year. The EPA has proposed a regulation to lower the national ozone standard, which is largely based on shaky scientific data and could cost our economy billions of dollars a year. The EPA has also proposed new regulations on new and existing power plants that could substantially increase energy prices for hardworking families and small businesses. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ). 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to carry out seismic airgun testing or seismic airgun surveys in the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area, the Straits of Florida Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area, or the South Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area located within the exclusive economic zone (as defined in section 107 of title 46, United States Code) bordering the State of Florida. 
reading). Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent that the amendment be considered as read. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer the Murphy, Castor, Jolly, Posey, Clawson, Graham, DeSantis, RosLehtinen, Grayson, Buchanan, Hastings, Wilson amendment to block the use of seismic airgun testing off of Florida’s coast. 
As you can see from the list of cosponsors, offshore drilling is not a partisan issue in our State but an economic issue. Florida is a unique place that depends on healthy beaches, clean waters, and a safeguarded environment. The seismic testing that the administration has proposed puts all of these things at risk. 
harmful to undersea mammals like endangered whale species and dolphins, disrupting their ability to communicate and navigate. It can also have negative effects on sea turtles, such as the loggerhead sea turtle, that have key nesting grounds along the Treasure Coast and Palm Beaches in the district that I am so proud to represent. This testing practice can also disrupt fish migratory patterns that could have significant impacts on fishermen 
first step in the wrong direction to opening our pristine shores to offshore drilling and to the threat of devastating oil spills. Florida has more coastline than any other continental State in the United States, and our economy depends on healthy beaches. 
Jeb Bush and Florida’s congressional delegation actually came together and fought to block drilling off Florida’s coast, and now I am proud to join my many Florida colleagues to block this administration from putting special interests over the economic and environmental needs of our State. 
Whatever your party, Floridians protect their environmental treasures at all costs. As residents on the Gulf Coast are too well aware—and as I have seen firsthand myself—oil spills can devastate our environment and our economy up and down the coast. Twenty cities throughout Florida have passed resolutions proactively banning seismic testing because they know it is a rotten deal for our State. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I rise in 
administration has already developed the most restrictive policies for the use of seismic airguns for offshore exploration to date. We do not need to place a moratorium on the use. 
Planning Area is more than 125 miles off the Florida coast, and the South Atlantic Planning Area also affects Georgia and South Carolina. So the amendment affects many other States other than his own. Also, the Department of the Interior has already classified the Straits of Florida as a low resource potential or low support for potential new listing. As such, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Chairman, I certainly do appreciate the chairman’s hard work on this bill, and many Members of Congress who are supporting this in a bipartisan manner. In Florida, it is pretty clear to see, based on the cosponsors of this bill, that this isn’t a partisan issue. 
that regardless of how far offshore this is, what really matters is the infrastructure onshore. You could talk about these sites, it doesn’t matter how far offshore. The fact is, you are going to have to have infrastructure there onshore that really starts to impede with our economy, whether that is the beaches, whether that is the 
tourism, whether that is the fishing industry. So there is a lot more to it. But I do respect the chairman’s hard work on this bill. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chair, I urge opposition to the amendment. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MURPHY ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to close or move the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery and Archives. 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from South Dakota and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
rise to offer an amendment to prevent the Fish and Wildlife Service from closing fish hatcheries across the United States. I want to thank the chairman and his staff for all their dedication and for preventing the closure of these hatcheries in the underlying bill. My amendment only clarifies their language to ensure that it prevents closure of hatcheries and archives, which operate a little bit differently within the hatchery system. 
National Fish Hatchery and Archives has been a cornerstone of the community in Spearfish, South Dakota, with over 150,000 visitors annually. It was originally established in 1896 to introduce and maintain trout in the Black Hills of South Dakota, but it is much more than a fish hatchery. It is home to an 1800’s era museum, a 1910 railroad car, priceless artifacts, and educational opportunities for children. Moving these items would cost taxpayers, which doesn’t make any sense, given the tens of thousands of volunteer hours and private funds that are leveraged to run this hatchery. 
working with me to preserve these hatcheries and archives that are certainly of cultural significance. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment to prevent their closure. 
I yield to the chairman. Mr. CALVERT. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding to me. 
gentlewoman’s amendment. This amendment is consistent with policy agreed to last year in the conference on a bipartisan basis. Fishing is a national pastime, to which the national fish hatchery plays an important role. Therefore, I support the gentlewoman’s amendment, and I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from South Dakota (Mrs. NOEM). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and ForcedAir Furnaces’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13671 et seq.). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
March 2015, the Environmental Protection Agency published the final rule establishing excessive new standards for wood heaters. This onerous rule is a classic example of bureaucratic overreach that has become all too common at the EPA. Manufacturers in my district, as well as consumers, are very concerned about the negative impacts of these new standards. 
of U.S. households still choose to burn wood to keep energy costs as low as possible. The number of households that rely on wood as their primary heating source rose by nearly onethird from the year 2005 to 2012. 
for rural residents all across this country. Because of this new rule, the cost of manufacturing wood heaters would increase substantially, making them unaffordable for many. 
It is no secret that costs from additional regulations are always passed down to the consumers. Several States, in fact, have expressed their concern on this matter. Wisconsin, Missouri, Michigan, Virginia, and my home State of North Carolina have all introduced or passed legislation that prohibits their respective environmental agencies from enforcing this burdensome, unnecessary regulation. 
who want to purchase wood heaters, my amendment to the Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act prohibits any funds from being used to implement, administer, or enforce these new, unnecessary, and costly standards. Simply put, the Federal Government has no business telling private citizens how they should heat their homes or their businesses. After all, this is 
America. If an individual or family wants to heat their home or business using a wood stove or furnace, they should be able to do so without paying through the nose. 
from Kentucky (Mr. M ASSIE ), my colleague and friend. 
the gentleman from North Carolina for his leadership on this issue and for yielding the time to me. 
coal. Now it is coming after wood heat. In March, the EPA finalized a new rule to regulate the type of wood burning stoves and boilers that you can buy, forcing millions of middle class Americans to pay more to heat their homes. 
legislation, to stop the administration from enforcing new prohibitions on a renewable, abundant, and, dare I say, carbonneutral method of heating our homes that has been with us for centuries. If it passes, our amendment to the EPA funding bill will prohibit the Federal Government from using taxpayer money to enforce crippling regulations on wood burning heating appliances. 
due to the President’s promise to bankrupt the coal industry, wood heat is a viable alternative for millions of Americans. Unfortunately, it seems like this administration would rather see people turn to the government for public assistance with their heating bills than to allow them an affordable means of selfsufficiency. 
The Federal Government should not be regulating wood burning appliances. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of 
rise in support of the amendment. I know the State of North Carolina opposed the rule and passed the legislation a few months ago to block these EPA regulations. I suspect it is not the only State that may have these concerns. Let’s let the market drive manufacturers toward producing lower emission wood heaters. 
I support the gentleman’s amendment and urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote. I hope that everybody who supports this amendment would also vote for the bill for final passage. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. ROUZER ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
AND GAS LEASE SALE 260 FROM LEASING PRO GRAM  
by this Act may be used to remove oil and gas lease sale 260 from the Draft Proposed Outer Continental Shelf (OCS) Oil and Gas Leasing Program for 20172022. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
tonight to offer an amendment that prohibits the administration from blocking the proposed Atlantic lease sale from the Department of the Interior’s draft proposed plan for offshore oil and gas development. 
As cochairman of the Atlantic Offshore Energy Caucus, I have been fighting to advance an alloftheabove energy strategy that gets North Carolina into the energy business. 
I was pleased when the administration recently heeded calls from Members of Congress—as well as our fine Governor, Pat McCrory, and other State leaders—when they announced a proposal to open up the Atlantic to offshore natural gas and oil exploration. 
many steps that must be taken to unlock our natural resources, create jobs, and boost our economy. 
The problem is we now face bureaucratic hoops and an uphill rulemaking process that could take the Atlantic lease sale completely off the table. In fact, Secretary Sally Jewell testified recently that she could not guarantee the Atlantic lease would stay in the plan once it is finalized. 
support for an offshore lease sale off the Atlantic Coast. One was even scheduled off the coast of Virginia, but later blocked by this administration. 
North Carolina has incredible potential for energy jobs, and I won’t let this opportunity slip through our fingers. 
critical to provide certainty to North Carolina and unleash jobs and lower energy prices. Our economy is sputtering along, and too many folks back home are struggling to find jobs. Opening up the Atlantic to oil has the potential to support more than 55,000 jobs 
in our State and contribute nearly $3 billion in new revenue. 
I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman. 
Mr. CALVERT. I am not going to oppose the amendment. I certainly appreciate what the gentleman is trying to accomplish and generally agree that this administration has placed way too many restrictions on drilling, both onshore and offshore. 
permitting process and slowed economic growth in your State and many other States around the Union. Various groups have used that to their advantage. 
in the leasing and permitting process. What I am afraid of is this might lead to a precedent for preempting the Department of the Interior’s decisionmaking under any President, and may lead to other amendments and kind of opening Pandora’s box, and Members doing specific amendments that are off their particular States. 
forward, I am not going to oppose the amendment, but I just have some concerns we can talk about as we move this process along. 
just want to make sure that we make sure this works in an orderly fashion. 
for his comments, and I appreciate his leadership on this issue. 
would mandate that the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management include the South and midAtlantic area of the Outer Continental Shelf, otherwise known as sale 260 in the 2017–2022 lease sale schedule. 
the Bureau’s fundamental mission to manage the development of offshore resources in an environmentally and economically responsible manner. 
is a frontier area, and the decision to include sale 260 in the 2017–2022 5year leasing schedule should be informed by sound science, using the best available data. 
The Bureau is required by law to consider the environmental impacts of leasing decisions, and this includes a comprehensive programmatic environmental impact statement, which has not yet been completed for the Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf. 
and geophysical data on the oil and gas resources in this area was collected in the 1970s and 1980s. That is really ancient by today’s scientific standards. Without the collection and analysis 
of new information, input from State Governors and other Federal agencies, and consideration of critical economic analyses, the decision to include sale 260 in the 2017–2022 program is premature and runs counter to the thoughtful and deliberative process established by Congress through the Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act. 
This amendment would violate multiple environmental statutes, including NEPA, the Marine Mammal Protection Act, the Endangered Species Act, and the Coastal Zone Management Act. 
The amendment undermines environmental protection required by law. Therefore, I oppose the amendment. 
Mr. HUDSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague’s comments on the subject. 
guarantee that the folks in North Carolina get a shot at these jobs. We are talking about 55,000 jobs and potentially as much as $3 billion in economic development in our State. 
hard it has been to get this process moved forward. If you look at the proposed lease sale, the sale is allowed in the fourth year of the 5year period. Only one sale is even allowed. An artificial buffer of 50 miles was inserted into the sale. 
We are getting one sale late in the 5 
year period, with a 50mile buffer, when the old seismic shows that most of that oil and gas is around 25 miles out. 
The ‘‘yes’’ that we got from the administration and the fact this process is even moving forward is good news for North Carolina and the other States on the Atlantic Coast; but it is certainly not, in my opinion, an appropriate response to the potential we have got there. 
she said the seismic is old; the seismic was done in the late seventies, but this administration has called for new seismic mapping. I am looking forward to that because, again, we want to use good science. 
We have given one opportunity pretty far out in the fourth year of a 5year period, and I am afraid we are going to lose that because, if you look at the history under this administration, there was a lease sale proposed in Virginia and that was taken away. 
least some shot at unlocking this potential off the coast of getting the American sources of energy into the pipeline, getting North Carolinians to work in these energy jobs, I think it is important we have this amendment. I would urge my colleagues to support this. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
appreciate the gentleman from North Carolina and his concerns about jobs for his home State, but as a Member of 
Congress who also represents the coastal State of Maine, I know the deep concerns that people have about the potential dangers of offshore oil drilling and the possible dangers to the fisheries, marine mammals, and a whole variety of other things. The reason we have this process is it is critically important to our State. 
this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to issue, implement, administer, or enforce any regulation of particulate matter emissions from residential barbecues. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from North Carolina and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
tonight to offer an amendment that would prohibit the EPA from regulating particulate matter emissions from residential barbecues. 
EPA issued a grant to ‘‘perform research and develop preventative technology that will reduce fine particulate emissions from residential barbecues.’’ 
especially with this preposterous study. For one thing, ‘‘barbecue’’ is a term us southerners use to talk about the best pork in North Carolina or a community pig picking. 
emissions from residential propane grills, which means they want to stop you and me from grilling outside on our own property. By the way, propane is one of the most clean and efficient sources of energy out there. 
money, and resources are bad as it is, but they are trying to go as far as restricting our personal freedom. 
with staunch opposition from conservatives and other outdoor enthusiasts like myself. If this isn’t part of EPA’s larger goal of regulating grill emissions, then it begs the question why 
they are wasting our hardearned tax dollars on this mindboggling study in the first place. 
time and time again, from their flawed waters of the USA regulation to their disastrous clean power plan that is cap andtrade by fiat to their new ground level ozone regulations that would have a catastrophic impact on manufacturing in this country; but now, they are studying limiting emissions from residential grills. Enough is enough. 
grilling season. I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. 
Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the concerns of the Member from North Carolina, and I will give him credit. They have better barbecue than my home State. We have got you beat on lobsters, but that is how it goes. 
is somewhat cynical and a little too suspicious of our government; perhaps Republicans have gotten too far down this road. 
conservative media outlet ran a sensationalized story about EPA’s regulatory overreach. The story claimed that EPA has its eyes on pollution from backyard barbecues. The problem with the story and this amendment is that it is based on a false premise and a mischaracterization of important work. 
EPA operates a successful and innovative grant program that encourages students around the Nation to design solutions for a sustainable future. It is called People, Prosperity, and the Planet Student Design Competition for Sustainability. Its purpose is to foster innovation, not to create regulations. 
grants to a group of University of California students working to design a system to make barbecues burn cleaner and be better for the environment. The students received $15,000 from the EPA for the idea. In addition, the university has said the idea has potential for global application. 
Mr. Chair, in many developing nations, women hunch over traditional cook stoves for hours a day, breathing in toxic smoke. Exposure to this household air pollution is responsible for low birth weights, childhood pneumonia, and more than 4 million premature deaths each year. 
technologies could literally be lifesaving for many of these women and children. Instead of attacking the EPA for these innovative grants, we should be applauding them. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance 
the gentlewoman for her kind comments about North Carolina barbecue. I do admit the lobster rolls in Maine are pretty good. Maybe we can work out some kind of exchange. 
guilty as charged. I am cynical and suspicious of the Federal Government, particularly the EPA, when you look at the some of the things they are spending our tax dollars on and some of the rules they are proposing. 
about a $15 million grant to study the emissions of a propane grill in your backyard. 
toxic smoke in homes and living conditions of individuals—the example that was mentioned—but we are talking about a propane gas grill in your backyard. The EPA has no business regulating that. They have spent $15 million of our tax money to form a study, which is the first step in a rulemaking process. 
loud and clear to the EPA: focus on the job that the gentlewoman described, focus on the real issues and the mission of the EPA, and keep your hands off our grills in our backyards. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
to have an exchange—North Carolina barbecue, Maine lobster. It is probably a pretty fair exchange. 
not $15 million that the EPA spent working on this innovation. 
I understand your concerns, and I appreciate the points that you brought up. 
the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HUDSON). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
intend to offer and then withdraw this amendment which will make it easier for land preservation efforts, including under the Federal Forest Legacy Program. 
Pennsylvania as a Bucks County commissioner, I was proud to lead local efforts to preserve the beauty of the countryside and the Bucks County landscape, while advancing smarter development initiatives to reclaim brownfields through commonsense conservation efforts. 
Along with a task force for that purpose, our community was able to expend approximately $100 million for the preservation of farmland, parkland, and critical natural areas, close to about 15,000 acres in our one county preserved. 
preservation in Congress, I continue to be a supporter of vital conservation programs, including the United States Forest Service’s Forest Legacy Program. 
My amendment today would reallocate $5.9 million from the Bureau of Land Management, Management of Lands and Resources, to the Forest Legacy Program for the purpose of fully funding two additional preservation projects. 
The Forest Legacy Program is a Federal program that supports and encourages State and private efforts to protect environmentally sensitive forestlands. The program helps the States develop and carry out their forest conservation plans, while encouraging and supporting acquisition of conservation easements without removing the property from private ownership. 
development, require sustainable forestry practices, and protect other values. 
The additional funding my amendment provides will allow for the protection of 4,000 acres of Pennsylvania forests in the Northeast Connection. 
Mr. Chairman, the Northeast Connection is a collaboration between the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation and Natural Resources and three groups of over 150 families to conserve more than 4,000 contiguous forest acres which serve as a natural bridge between the 84,000acre Delaware State Forest, which is managed by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and the 77,000acre Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, managed by the National Park Service. 
I believe this project is a crucial objective to preserving Pennsylvania’s and our Nation’s natural resources and beauty. 
for his hard work on the underlying bill. I look forward to working with the chairman on robust funding for this 
the gentleman yielding me time, and I appreciate the gentleman’s willingness to work with us. 
We support the Forest Legacy Program, and I pledge to you we will continue to work with you and other supporters of the program as we move this process along. 
chairman for his desire to provide additional resources, if possible, to the Forest Legacy Program. It is a great program for our Nation, well utilized by States and local communities and private landowners. I look forward to working with the chairman. 
Mr. Chairman, I ask unanimous consent to withdraw the amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO TREAT NORTH ERN LONG EARED BAT AS ENDANGERED SPE CIES 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service or any other agency of the Department of the Interior to treat the northern longeared bat as an endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
of bat have seen dramatic population losses in recent years, Fish and Wildlife has repeatedly asserted that the underlying fundamental cause is a fungal disease known as the whitenose syndrome. 
Whitenose syndrome does not directly kill or harm these bats. Rather, it wakes them out of hibernation, resulting in the bats burning through stored fat and leaving their hibernacula in search of food when none is often found or available. 
I am pleased that the underlying legislation contains funding for white nose syndrome research. Bats play a critical role in the ecosystem, and 
more needs to be done in order to restore colonies devastated by white nose. 
habitat conservation, we must also ensure that activities occurring in the bats’ range are not unreasonably or unnecessarily impacted as a result of the Endangered Species Act listing. 
have great impacts on forest management, forest products, agriculture, energy production, mining, and commercial development. Because this species of bat is found in 38 States and Washington, D.C., a listing under the Endangered Species Act would have significant impacts through this enormous geographical range. 
land use within the bats’ range while Fish and Wildlife continues to research and work with the States on finding treatments for whitenose syndrome. 
on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
amendment would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from treating the northern longeared bat as endangered under the Endangered Species Act. 
northern longeared bat as threatened—threatened—with an interim rule in April of this year. Since the bat was listed as threatened and not endangered, this amendment would have no effect on the Service’s implementation of the rule. 
practical effect, I strongly oppose its intent, which runs counter to the fundamental principle that science should govern our determinations under our environmental laws. 
ecosystem, and a study published in Science magazine found the value of pest control services provided by insecteating bats in the United States ranges from the low of $3.7 billion to the high of $53 billion a year. 
notable economic losses to North American agriculture could occur in the next 4 to 5 years as a result of emerging threats to bat populations. Bats play an important role in our economy when it comes to eliminating pests. 
has been mentioned. However, because this disease has reduced populations of the bat, human activities that might not have been significant in the past are now having a greater effect. 
It is appropriate that Fish and Wildlife Service is taking steps to protect the species, but we should be supporting the Fish and Wildlife Service in its efforts. We should be supporting them, not blocking the agency from doing its job. 
So I rise in opposition to this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for her perspectives. Certainly, a number of those points I agree with— the value of the bats—as chairman of the Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee. In agriculture, bats serve a very important purpose. 
I also agree with her premise, although I think her interpretation of what the science is is somewhat misguided. The science is extremely important, and the science has shown, in fact, the agency responsible for oversight on the Endangered Species Act has publicly acknowledged, that any jobcrushing restrictions on industries related to habitat under an endangered listing with these bats will not help the northern longeared bats. The threat really is going to an endangered listing which would do that. 
I would agree that the Fish and Wildlife Service needs resources and, quite frankly, they are getting those. Just last week they released $1 million toward studying the whitenose syndrome. Within this underlying bill, I believe there is an amount of $10 million to study the whitenose syndrome. It is a fungus. It is not habitat, and it is not the industries that work within those habitats. 
give the Fish and Wildlife Service what they need, and that is the support that they have already, that they released last week through many grants throughout many States, and the underlying $10 million in this underlying bill. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Act may be used by Fish and Wildlife or any other service or agency in the Department of the Interior to treat the northern longeared bat as an endangered species. 
listed as threatened, not as endangered. And this amendment doesn’t even address the role the Forest Service would still have. So this is a poorly constructed amendment. 
very thoughtful when we write these amendments and make sure that we not only give Fish and Wildlife the tools that they need, that when something is threatened and not endangered, whether it is the Forest Service, Interior, or whether it is U.S. Fish and Wildlife, we need to let them do their job based on the science. 
amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMP SON). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
by this Act shall be used to implement or enforce the threatened species listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
yield myself as much time as I may consume. 
is a tiny rodent with a body approximately 3 inches long, with a 4 to 6 inch tail and large hind feet adapted for jumping. This largely nocturnal mouse lives primarily in streamside ecosystems along the foothills of southeastern Wyoming south to Colorado Springs in my district, along the front range of Colorado. To evade predators, the mouse can jump like a miniature kangaroo, up to 18 inches high, using its 6inchlong whiplike tail as a rudder to switch directions in midair. 
feat was its leap onto the Endangered Species list in May 1998, a move that has hindered development in moist meadows and streamside areas from Colorado Springs, Colorado, to Laramie, Wyoming. 
affected: the Jeffco Parkway southeast of Rocky Flats, an expansion of Chatfield Reservoir, and housing developments in El Paso County along tributaries of Monument Creek. Builders, landowners, and local governments in affected areas have incurred hundreds of millions of dollars in added costs because of the mouse. Protecting the mouse has even been placed ahead of protecting human life, and let me explain why that is the case. 
On September 11, 2013, Colorado experienced a major flood event which damaged or destroyed thousands of homes, important infrastructure, and public works projects. And while Colorado has come a long way in rebuilding, there remains a lot of work to be done. 
listing as an endangered species, many restoration projects were delayed as 
Colorado sought a waiver. In fact, FEMA was so concerned that they sent out a notice that stated, ‘‘legally required review may cause some delay in projects undertaken in the Preble’s mouse habitat.’’ 
It goes on to warn that ‘‘local officials who proceed with projects without adhering to environmental laws risk fines and could lose Federal funding for their projects.’’ While a waiver was eventually granted, the fact remains that the scientific evidence does not justify these delays or the millions of taxpayer dollars that go toward protecting a rodent that is actually part of a larger group that roams throughout half of the North American continent. 
concluded that the Preble’s mouse does not warrant protection because it isn’t a subspecies at all and is actually part of the Bear Lodge jumping mouse population. Even the scientist that originally classified this mouse as a subspecies has since recanted his work. 
low conservation priority score, meaning the hundreds of millions of dollars already spent on protection efforts could have been better spent on other, more fragile species or other uses to accomplish good. 
transportation allegedly pose to the mouse have been greatly overstated. Ample regulations already in place minimize the impact of development on this species. 
My amendment would correct the injustice that has been caused by an inaccurate listing of the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and refocus the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service’s efforts on species that have been thoroughly scientifically vetted and that actually should come under the Endangered Species Act. 
Mr. Chairman, I encourage my colleagues to support this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
amendment would prohibit Fish and Wildlife Service from treating the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse as threatened or endangered under the Endangered Species Act and would restrict, again, the Fish and Wildlife Service from offering any of the critical protections to preserve the species. 
growing list of antiEndangered Species Act provisions, and it makes one wonder if—for the number of people here who are opposing the work that Fish and Wildlife is doing under the Endangered Species Act—if the intent isn’t just to do away with the entire act. 
two petitions to delist the Preble’s meadow jumping mouse and determined that protections under the Endangered Species were still necessary. 
undo a lot of work that was done that is well on its way to having this mouse removed from the endangered species list because this amendment ignores the determination and shortcircuits the statutory process informed by science. 
on this bill is not the place to have a robust debate about how close we are maybe with Fish and Wildlife being able to delist this mouse and, by putting this language in the bill, that it undoes a lot of potentially good work. 
the carefully sciencebased work, as I said, that the Fish and Wildlife Service has worked towards and chips away at the very foundation of the Endangered Species Act, which makes me wonder, as I said earlier, if the intent of many of the amendments being offered is not only to chip away but to do away with the Endangered Species Act. 
will say in response is that this is a subspecies—actually, it is not even a species or subspecies. It should have never been listed in the first place. 
part of the Bear Lodge jumping mouse population. For that reason, it shouldn’t even be on the list in the first place. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
the gentleman’s remarks, this is not the place—as a rider on the environmental appropriations bill—to be having these thoughtful discussions. If that is what needs to take place, this is not the bill to be doing it on. I mean, we have an authorizing committee. They can hear things on it; and you can have a robust, full, transparent discussion and bring all the scientists in. 
really remiss if I did not remind my colleagues that the Endangered Species Act, in fact, did rescue the bald eagle. The bald eagle’s recovery is an American success story because we were united in the belief that this was the symbol of our Nation and was worth protecting for the continuing benefit of future generations. 
being able to do that today, especially with the lack of transparency and full debate that takes place with all these riders being offered on an authorization bill. 
Congress needs to give serious consideration of what kind of conservation legacy we are leaving for our children, and our children will want us to do a better job than just to put riders onto an appropriations bill. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Colorado and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
the purpose of a 5year review is to ensure that threatened and endangered species have the appropriate level of protection. The reviews assess each threatened and endangered species to determine whether its status has changed since the time of its listing or its last status review and whether it should be removed from the list, delisted; reclassified from endangered to threatened, downlisted; reclassified from threatened to endangered, uplisted; or maintain its current classification. You can find all this on the Web site of the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. 
grants extensive protection to a species, including harsh penalties for landowners and other citizens, it makes sense to verify if a plant or animal should be on the list in the first place. 
Despite this commonsense requirement, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has acknowledged that it has neglected its responsibility to conduct the required reviews for hundreds of listed species. 
found that 77 species out of a total of 124 protected species in that State were overdue for a 5year review. In other words, the government had not followed the law for a staggering 62 percent of species in that State. 
In California, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service acknowledged that it had failed to follow the law for roughly 
twothirds of the State’s species listed under the Endangered Species Act and was forced by the courts to conduct the required reviews of 194 species. 
is in current law, my amendment will ensure that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is using the best available scientific information in implementing its responsibilities under the Endangered Species Act, including incorporating new information through public comment and assessing ongoing conservation efforts. These are things we should all be in agreement with. 
in ensuring that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service follows the Endangered Species Act, that we do not provide money in this bill that would violate current law. 
amendment, again, would prohibit the Fish and Wildlife Service from implementing or enforcing the Endangered Species Act listing for any species that has not undergone a review. This amendment joins a growing list of anti Endangered Species Act provisions. 
The amendment would block the listing of any species that does not receive status review by Fish and Wildlife Service every 5 years. Fish and Wildlife Service is required to do a 5year review every 5 years after a species is listed. However, with over 1,500 domestic listed species, that would amount to over 300 status reviews every year. 
Well, it is because we—Congress—do not provide Fish and Wildlife Service with enough resources to complete such a large task. 
In fact, this bill that we are considering right now includes a 50 percent— a 50 percent—cut in the listing program. Now, how can they follow the law when Congress doesn’t put any tools in the toolbox allowing them to do their job? 
is prepared to appropriate the millions of dollars that would be needed to meet the requirement of this amendment. 
Fish and Wildlife Service already follows a transparent, sciencebased listing process. This amendment only seeks to undermine the Endangered Species Act because there is not enough money in here that Congress provides Fish and Wildlife to do the job in the fashion that Congress has asked it to do. 
Endangered Species Act, the Fish and Wildlife Service follows a strict legal process known as a rulemaking procedure. The first step in assessing the 
Wildlife Service publishes a notice of reviews that identify the species that is believed to meet the definition of threatened or endangered. The species are candidates. 
the Fish and Wildlife Service goes out and seeks biological information to complete the status of the reviews for the candidate species; then the Fish and Wildlife Service publishes those notices in the Federal Register so the process is transparent to the public. 
Service follows an open, transparent policy that adequately reviews the species prior to listing. This amendment would exploit a 5year review backlog that has been caused in part by this Congress’ unwillingness to provide adequate funding in order to attack the endangered species list. Let’s be transparent about that. 
offer necessary protections to ensure species survival. Quite frankly, the majority of our constituents support that. Let’s make sure that science and species management practices continue to dictate species listings, not Congress; and let’s figure out a way to come together, as the gentleman said, to give Fish and Wildlife the tools that they need in order that they can follow the laws that Congress has requested them to follow and not do a smoke and mirror show about how Fish and Wildlife is 
to do with the dollars that Congress appropriates to them. 
glad that my colleague from Minnesota acknowledged that it is required under the law for Fish and Wildlife Service to do these 5year reviews. I thank her for admitting that. 
billion, and they are able to prioritize within that $1.4 billion where they spend their resources. It is not Congress’ fault. They just haven’t made it a priority. They should make it a priority to follow the law. They can do these few hundred reviews every year out of $1.4 billion, I am sure. 
this amendment. Let’s require this agency to follow the laws that are on the books. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
want to be really clear. This bill now includes a 50 percent cut to the listing program. The listing program is money that Congress puts in it to do the reviews. Congress cut it by 50 percent. 
around. We have handcuffed and tied up the Fish and Wildlife Service by the amount of funding that Congress gives them to do their job. 
and say: We don’t want to follow the law. They wake up in the morning, and 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. I yield to the gentleman from Colorado. 
out that what you are talking about would be in the future. I am talking about the current status of them not following the law by doing the reviews. 
funding in the listing program to do their job. Congress needs to be held accountable for the 300 listings not being able to be done every year because Congress has failed to give them the money to do the laws that Congress passed. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to take any of the actions described as a ‘‘backstop’’ in the December 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administrator to the States in the Watershed and the District of Columbia in response to the development or implementation of a State’s watershed implementation and referred to in enclosure B of such letter. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Virginia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. Chairman, my amendment simply prohibits the EPA from using the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load and the Watershed Implementation Plans to take over States’ water quality strategies, protecting the 10th Amendment rights of States across the Nation from the heavy hand of the EPA. This amendment makes it clear that Congress intended for the Clean Water Act to be State led, not subject to the whims of politicians and bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. 
has implemented a total maximum daily load plan for the Chesapeake Bay watershed which strictly limits the amount of nutrients that can enter the Chesapeake Bay. While a laudable goal and one I support in principle, through its implementation, the EPA has basically given every State in the watershed an ultimatum—either the State 
does exactly what the EPA says, or it faces the threat of an EPA takeover of their water quality programs. In some cases, the EPA will even rewrite the States’ water quality plans if they disagree with the States’ decisions. 
Mr. Chairman, I want to make it perfectly clear that this amendment would not stop the EPA from working with the States to restore the Chesapeake Bay, nor would it in any way undermine the cleanup efforts already underway. I repeat, our amendment does not stop the TMDL or watershed implementation plans from moving forward, and it does not prevent the EPA from working cooperatively with the States to help restore the Chesapeake Bay. 
crafted to address the 10th Amendment federalism issues that the EPA is encroaching upon and does not address the States’ laudable goals of continuing to improve the health of the Chesapeake Bay. 
resources the EPA may have available to help develop and implement a strategy to restore the Bay. This amendment only stops the ability of the EPA to step in and take over a State’s plan—again, ensuring states’ rights remain intact and not usurped by the EPA. 
treasure, and I want to see it restored. But we know that in order to achieve this goal, the States and the EPA must work together. The EPA cannot be allowed to railroad the States and micromanage the process. 
telling the EPA to respect the important role States play in implementing the Clean Water Act and help prevent another Federal power grab by the administration. 
the amendment, and I urge adoption of the gentleman’s amendment. 
thank the gentleman, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
we go again, yet another fix in search of a problem. 
deliberately undermine the crucial work that is already being done to rehabilitate the Chesapeake Bay. It would also undermine the historic FederalState partnership that has done so much already to improve the quality of the Bay and its surroundings. 
largest estuary. It benefits all Americans, and especially those living in the six States that comprise the Bay watershed: Maryland, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware, Pennsylvania, New York, and the District of Columbia. 
watershed, including the gentleman’s own home State of Virginia, have been working together for over 40 years to clean up the Bay. And guess what, Mr. Chairman? It is working. 
recent interim report shows that tremendous progress has been made. States are meeting the pollution reduction goals in their plans. In fact, some are exceeding them. Studies show that socalled ‘‘dead zones’’ are shrinking, and key populations such as oysters are starting to rebound. 
Blueprint, States develop and implement their own pollution reduction plans. The EPA set up an initial framework, but the details of how each State chooses to reach the targets, in fact, are Statedriven and Stateimplemented. My own home State of Maryland has created a plan to reduce its nitrogen levels by 46 percent, phosphorus by 48 percent, and sediment by 28 percent below the benchmark 1985 levels. 
States depends on the other States to implement these plans simultaneously and in good faith. After all, Mr. Chairman, watersheds don’t stop at the State borders, and the kind of goit alone approach that seems to be advocated by the majority has never worked for environmental issues, and it will not work to preserve and to save the Chesapeake Bay. 
do its part threatens the work and hundreds of millions of dollars that all the other States have invested in their plans. I don’t want to see Maryland’s work jeopardized because another State in the watershed doesn’t meet its responsibilities. And only the EPA can stand as the arbiter to make sure that that is true. 
So, Mr. Chairman, as a safety measure against that kind of bad faith by one of the partners, the EPA has backstop actions that it can take to ensure that the other States’ investments are preserved. These backstop actions are not new authorities, but they are existing authorities that the EPA can use to make the needed pollution reductions. That has been part of the partnership for 40 years. 
Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia unanimously affirmed the EPA’s authority to place restrictions on wastewater treatment and runoff by farms and construction. The EPA places limits on the amount of nitrogen, phosphorus, and sediment that are allowed in the watershed and, thus, into the Bay. This is known as the total maximum daily load, or TMDL, of chemical runoff that the Bay’s watershed can handle while still meeting water quality standards. The court in its decision strongly affirmed that ‘‘the States and EPA could, working together, best allocate the benefits and burdens of lowering pollution.’’ It is, in fact, an acknowledgment that this is a partnership that requires the full participation of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
Mr. Chairman, the goal of the partnership is not just an environmental one. According to a peerreviewed report by the Chesapeake Bay Foundation, the economic impact of full implementation of the Clean Water Blueprint is more than $22 billion annually. Yet this amendment by one of Virginia’s own Members actually threatens that partnership by barring the EPA from using funds to take any backstop actions. It would allow one State to break its agreement and cease implementing the plan. 
may I ask how much time is remaining on each side. 
1⁄2minutes remaining, and the gentlewoman from Maryland’s time has expired. 
this time, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMP SON), the chairman of the pertinent 
Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of Mr. GOODLATTE ’s amendment. 
Since 2009, I have been hearing directly from my constituents—many of who are small farmers—about the significant challenges and costs of the Chesapeake Bay total maximum daily load mandate. These significant concerns also extend to the State and local governments because of the billions of dollars in direct costs and new regulatory burdens that TMDL imposes. No doubt the Chesapeake Bay is a national treasure, but it is quickly becoming the national treasury with all these costs and taxes upon our States and local municipalities. 
The Agriculture Committee’s Conservation and Forestry Subcommittee, which I have the honor of chairing, has also heard directly from the stakeholders over the past few Congresses. 
witnesses wholeheartedly supports the restoration of the Chesapeake Bay, there remains great concern over the lack of consistent models, the heavy handed approach of TMDL, and the lack of needed flexibility while implementing the WIPs. This amendment is needed in order to allow for that flexibility at the State and local levels. 
Pennsylvania has been very innovative in our efforts to do our part with the Bay restoration, and that innovation will continue into the future. 
am pleased to yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. 
However, rather than acting punitively, EPA must work collaboratively with the States. 
this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ 
gentleman from Pennsylvania. He is quite right. This is very costly for the States. The State of Virginia has estimated a cost of over $16 billion to comply with the backstop requirements of the EPA. That is just one of the six States. 
Secondly, the EPA has been asked repeatedly, including in hearings conducted by the gentleman from Pennsylvania in his subcommittee and at my request and the request of others, to do a costbenefit analysis to show us that the multitens of billions of dollars that these six States will collectively spend will be reflected in improvements to the quality of the Chesapeake Bay. They have never provided that costbenefit analysis. 
to the gentlewoman from Maryland, she also is quite right that tremendous progress has been made in improving the health of the Chesapeake Bay, but almost all of it prior to the President taking his pen and signing the executive order that contains this backstop language that we need to stop and return the power to the State and local governments. 
Sedimentation, phosphorus, and nitrogen are all down more than 40 percent—sedimentation more than 50 percent going into the Bay. The Bay is improving in its health because of the work done by the States. They should have the authority to do this without having the EPA hold a gun to their head. 
amendment should be passed, and I urge my colleagues to support it. 
MCCOLLUM for her work on this bill and to 
in this effort. I rise in opposition to this amendment. 
Just yesterday, the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals upheld EPA authority to set Chesapeake Bay pollution limits, which have led to the best cleanup progress in over 25 years. For the Bay, as with so many other waters across the country, the Clean Water Act backstop is critical to ensure that states are meeting their commitments. 
In Maryland, we have cities working to manage stormwater and farmers implementing best management practices to stop runoff. But for all our efforts, we will never have a clean and healthy Bay if pollution runs downstream from Pennsylvania, New York, or West Virginia. 
With our enormous watershed, encompassing 64,000 square miles, six States, and 
to do that is through the Clean Water Act’s Federal backstop. I strongly oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. EDWARDS. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Maryland will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentlewoman from Tennessee and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
today to offer an amendment to protect Tennessee workers and small manufacturing businesses from the EPA’s latest overreach. 
Phase 2 fuelefficiency and emissions standards for new mediumand heavy duty trucks. 
are not opposed to this rule as a whole, one section in the proposal wrongly applies these new standards to what is known as glider kits. 
district that manufactures these kits. For those who don’t know, a glider kit is a group of truck parts that can include a brandnew frame, cab, or axles, but does not include an engine or transmission. 
than buying a new truck and can extend the working life of a truck, businesses and drivers with damaged or older vehicles may choose to purchase one of these kits instead of buying a completely new vehicle. 
to apply the new Phase 2 standards to glider kits, even though the gliders are 
my district where we have glider kits being manufactured and purchased by companies in places like Byrdstown, Sparta, and Jamestown, communities that are already struggling with an above average unemployment and would see job opportunities put further out of reach if this misguided rule goes into effect. 
even has the authority to regulate replacement parts like gliders in the first place. 
goal with Phase 2 is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, the Agency has not studied the emissions impact of remanufactured engines and gliders compared to new vehicles. 
promulgate rules that raise costs and hurt jobs in districts like mine, the least they could do is to have a few facts prepared to back them up. 
and drivers that wish to use glider kits would be effectively forced to buy a completely new vehicle instead. Reducing glider sales would also end up limiting consumer choice in the marketplace. 
businesses, jobs, and consumers by prohibiting the EPA from moving forward with this Phase 2 standard on glider kits. 
not—would not—bar the EPA from implementing the whole Phase 2 rule for new medium and heavyduty trucks. It would simply clarify that glider kits and glider vehicles are not new trucks as the EPA wrongly claims. 
commonsense amendment to help support American manufacturing and stop the EPA from attempting to shut down the glider industry. 
Mrs. BLACK. I yield to the gentleman from California. 
It is my understanding that the proposed rule is supported broadly by many in the trucking manufacturing industry, so for that reason, I support her amendment. 
some specifics that we need to iron out. I would like to work with my colleague and with EPA to see if we can’t resolve those specifics between now and the final rule. 
language in the Interior bill, and I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. 
from Minnesota is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I am 
hopeful that the discussion that the subcommittee chair and the author of the amendment might prove something better than what this amendment is currently in front of us, but what I have to work on is what is currently in front of me. 
Just over 2 weeks ago, the Environmental Protection Agency and the National Highway Safety Traffic Administration issued proposed fuel efficiency standards for medium and heavyduty trucks required by the Energy Independence and Security Act. 
EPA from finalizing, implementing, and administering or enforcing this proposed rule or any future rules—so this is where I am concerned about the way this amendment is moving forward—with respect to glider vehicles. 
to improve fuel efficiency, cut carbon pollution, and reduce the impacts of climate change. To be specific, these standards are expected to lower CO2 
emissions by roughly 1 billion metric tons, cut fuel costs by $170 million, and reduce oil consumption up to 1.8 billion barrels over the lifetime if a vehicle is sold under this program. 
the vehicles on the road; yet they create 20 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions created by all transportation sectors. 
this amendment does not actually suspend all aspects of the new rule. As it was pointed out, it simply carves out an exemption for one particular industry, an industry that produces what has been called, today, glider vehicles. 
As has been pointed out, glider vehicles are heavyduty vehicles that replace older remanufactured engines on new truck chassis. These engines date back to 2001 or older, and they have emissions that are 20 to 40 times higher than today’s clean diesel engines. 
allow an entire segment of the truck manufacturing industry to simply avoid compliance with the new criteria pollutant standards that are in the rule. These are engines that will continue to emit greenhouse gases, slow down our progress, and reduce the impacts of climate change. 
loophole that you could drive a truck through by allowing dirty engines to continue to pollute our environment. 
to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
to once again reiterate that this is a very narrow amendment. It does not apply to new trucks, as the EPA rule indicates. 
time that they have not studied the emissions impact of these remanufactured engines and the gliders compared to new vehicles, so we would like to have that information as well. 
also uses glider kits, and this rule would not apply to them. Once again, we are putting into place something where we say this is what the government can do, but this is what the private sector can do. 
to support this commonsense amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to implement Alternative A, Alternative C, or Alternative D, described in the Final General Management Plan and Environmental Impact Statement for Castillo de San Marcos National Monument in St. Augustine, Florida, for the educational center authorized by Public Law 108–480 nor shall funds be expended for a new General Management Plan other than the General Management Plan approved by record of decision published in the Federal Register September 10, 2007. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Florida and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
nearly 1.5 million visitors come to the Castillo de San Marcos and Fort Matanzas National Monuments in America’s oldest city, St. Augustine, Florida. 
Way back some 11 years ago, in December of 2004, I passed legislation authorizing a visitors center for Castillo de San Marcos, which was signed into law. The Castillo fortress is the largest intact Spanish fortress in the continental United States, with construction that was completed in 1695. 
into law, significant, thorough, costly, and timeconsuming studies and reports were completed after many reviews, hearings, and public forums. 
Then in 2007, 3 years later, the National Park Service came up with a final general management plan. This plan developed four alternatives. One was to do nothing; that was A. Two others, C and D, were to possibly build on land that will no longer be available that was going to be made available by the State and the city. That leaves one alternative. Now, this is a very simple, clarifying amendment. 
would like funds spent on. Here, we are saying no funds shall be spent to do nothing; no funds will be spent or wasted to go towards a project that isn’t going to happen. This is a simple, clarifying, limiting 
amendment. It would specifically limit funds from being expended on any alternative, except for B, which is in the plan, been in the plan. It doesn’t say that we have to do another plan; why spend more taxpayer moneys to do another plan? That is all it says. 
It is a simple thing to get us moving 
to proceed with the final design without further cost and further delaying the process. A visitors center at Castillo is long overdue, and it is overdue on St. Augustine’s 450th founding anniversary, so I urge its passage. 
Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I certainly appreciate the gentleman from Florida raising this issue. I always learn new facts when we have these debates. I didn’t know that St. Augustine was the Nation’s oldest city. I always thought it was Santa Fe, New Mexico. 
longstanding interest in this. I know you have been working on this for a number of years. The Castillo de San Marcos National Monument in St. Augustine needs a new visitors center. 
with you as we move this issue forward, and we certainly have no objection to this amendment. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MICA). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Texas and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
thank the subcommittee chairman for his indulgence at this late hour. 
has been under investigation by the Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations on the Energy and Commerce Committee for over the last 6 years. 
the Energy and Commerce Committee, there was included a provision in the 
annual Interior, EPA appropriations bill that allowed the Environmental Protection Agency to begin using a special pay program that was explicitly and exclusively authorized for use by the Public Health Service administration under the Department of Health and Human Services. 
government employee to leave the normal GS pay scale and receive nearly uncapped compensation, upwards of $200,000 to $300,000 per year. 
to be used only in unique circumstances where, perhaps, leaders of the healthcare industry would not be able to work for the Federal Government because of pay considerations if they did not have access to these higher salaries. 
anyone at the Environmental Protection Agency. Indeed, some of the employees that the Environmental Protection Agency pays under title 42, the part of the U.S. Code that allows for this special pay, were previous government workers and were merely moved to this special pay scale because they wanted additional money. 
Environmental Protection Agency is a health organization, it may use this statute to pay special hires, and this, in fact, has endured for several years. Originally, the Environmental Protection Agency was granted only a handful of slots to fill with title 42 hires. That number is now over 50. The cost to taxpayers for these 50 employees is in the tens of millions of dollars. 
Environmental Protection Agency from hiring any new employees under title 42 or from transferring current employees from the GS pay scale to title 42. It would not affect current employees being paid by this provision. It would give the Energy and Commerce Committee, the authorizing committee, the time it needs to address whether the Environmental Protection Agency truly deserves this special pay consideration. The General Accountability Office looked into the abuse of title 42 several years ago and found numerous problems with the implementation of the program. Why we would allow this problematic pay structure to be advanced by the EPA is, in fact, 
and Commerce Committee, both Administrator Lisa Jackson and current Administrator Gina McCarthy refused to give specifics regarding this program. A Freedom of Information Act request sent to my office by the EPA union, the American Federation of Government Employees, showed that title 42 hires at the EPA are actually sowing the seeds of discontent amongst workers, with the union asking the Congress to stop this unfair hiring technique. 
have introduced legislation further clarifying that the Public Health Services Act, written for the Department of Health and Human Services, does not permit the Environmental Protection Agency to use its language to hire employees under a special pay structure. This amendment prevents further abuses of the program, and I urge its adoption. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
EPA is one of several government agencies that uses a special authority to hire Federal employees with specific scientific research credentials. In fact, when the Republicans were the majority party in 2006, they started this program. The EPA didn’t start this program on its own. Congress started it in 
2006 under a Republican majority. The National Institutes of Health uses title 42 money and authority to attract top tier scientists in their fields to do important research. 
hours this evening of many of my Republican colleagues criticizing the EPA’s scientific conclusions. So now it amazes me that the gentleman wants to reduce the Agency’s ability to hire the top scientists. Further, the National Academy of Sciences has favorably reported to the committee that the EPA is effectively utilizing its title 42 authority. If a scientist retires or moves on, the Agency would no longer be able to attract a suitable replacement if this amendment were to pass. 
have adequate scientific basis for its regulations, they should be with me, and they should clearly vote against this amendment. We should be doing more to ensure that our environmental policies are being set by the best and the brightest. This amendment would ensure that the EPA can’t recruit new scientists using its limited title 42 authority, which was given to them, to the EPA, in 2006 by a Republican Congress. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Chairman, I urge 
support of the amendment. It is clear that this program does need the scrutiny of the authorizing committee. We are prepared to do that if this amendment passes. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ). 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used to pay legal fees pursuant to a settlement in any case, in which the Federal Government is a party, that arises under— 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Georgia and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, the United States is facing a crisis of executive overreach, and nowhere else is this more true than with the Environmental Protection Agency. The EPA’s escalation of sue and settle cases to change the law through Federal court rulings threatens our economy and the ability to create jobs, not to mention bypassing the normal rulemaking process. By operating hand in hand with radical environmental groups that are willing participants in these types of actions, the EPA’s use of sue and settle not only endangers the economy but also our constitutional separation of powers. 
agency such as the U.S. Fish and Wildlife, demanding that the agency apply the law in a new, unintended, and expanded way that increases the agency’s jurisdiction. The agency, rather than defending the law, enters into a consent decree with the party who filed the original lawsuit. A judge then signs the consent decree without significant review since the two disputing parties are in agreement. Suddenly, the agency has new, expansive powers to wield against job creators in the form of a legally binding settlement that creates rules and priorities outside of the normal rulemaking process. Between 2009 and 2012, the EPA chose not to defend itself in over 60 of these lawsuits from special interest advocacy groups. Those 60 lawsuits resulted in settlement agreements and in the EPA’s publishing more than 100 new regulations. 
settlements are requirements that U.S. taxpayers must pay for the attorneys of the organization that initiated the action. According to a 2011 GAO report, between 1995 and 2010, three large environmental activist groups, like the Sierra Club, received almost $6 million in attorneys’ fees alone. An example of sue and settle occurred with a startup, shutdown, and malfunction rule. This was in response to a sue and settle agreement the EPA made with the Sierra Club in 2011. 
VITTER in a letter to EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy in 2013: 
Instead of defending the EPA’s own regulations and the SSM provisions in the EPAapproved air programs of 39 States, the EPA simply agreed to include an obligation to respond to the petition in the settlement of an 
Sue and settle is made possible because, under the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, and the Endangered Species Act, potential litigants are given broad standing to go to court because Congress has defined causes of action under these laws. Under my amendment, no funds can be used to pay legal fees under any settlement regarding any case arising under the three acts I mentioned—period, case closed, end of story. Litigants can still sue, but they will no longer be financially rewarded by the American taxpayer for their efforts. 
both sides of the aisle will support this amendment to reduce the secretive transfer of U.S. taxpayer dollars to other organizations. By restricting Federal agencies from having the ability to pay attorneys’ fees, we will not only reduce Federal spending but also reduce the incentive for these selfinterest groups to continue suing the Federal Government and taking American taxpayer dollars that could be used to reduce our Federal deficit. 
to pay the legal bills of environmental groups to collude with the EPA in order to expand the Agency’s abilities. This is one way Congress can fight the expansion of executive powers by this administration and its most outof control agency. With this amendment, Congress can ensure taxpayers are protected from funding the legal efforts of environmental advocacy organizations and from arming the EPA with draconian enforcement powers. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I 
Equal Access to Justice Act is the law of the land. Within limits, it does allow for the Federal payment of legal fees to individuals and small businesses and nonprofits that are the prevailing parties in actions against Federal agencies unless the agency is able to show that the action was substantially justified or a special circumstance existed to make the award unjust. This law helps to deter government misconduct, and it encourages all parties, not just those with resources, to hire legal counsel to assert their rights. 
my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, will agree with me that the ability to challenge Federal actions is the most important tool for ensuring government accountability. The Clean Air Act, the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, and the Endangered Species Act are also the law of the land, and these laws have contributed greatly to 
the protection and improvement of public health in this country. A study by a nonpartisan environmental law institute found that the Equal Access to 
only applies to meritorious litigation, and existing legal safeguards and the independent discretion of Federal judges will continue to ensure its prudent application. There are safeguards in place so that this can’t be misused. 
Moreover, the claim that large environmental groups are getting rich on attorneys’ fees is not supported by available evidence. The 2011 GAO study, which was just referenced and was at the request of the House Republicans, brought cases against the EPA. They found that most of those suits were brought by trade associations and private companies and that attorneys’ fees were only awarded about 8 percent of the time; and among the environmental plaintiffs, the majority of those cases were brought by local groups rather than by national groups. 
these important environmental safeguards for removal from the protection of the Equal Access to Justice Act. More importantly, this amendment would have serious consequences for public health. In order for our Nation’s environmental safeguards to work properly and ensure the protection of public health, citizens, including those with limited means, must have the ability to challenge Federal actions. This amendment is clearly designed to make it more difficult for regular citizens to ensure the accountability of the Federal Government. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WESTMORELAND. Mr. Chairman, this does not prevent anybody from suing. This stops the EPA from this sue and settle—what I would call ‘‘scam’’—where it allows the groups or companies or whatever to come in and sue and allow them—I mentioned there were 60 different cases—the ability to make 100 new rulings that did not go through the normal rulemaking procedure but were done by court rulings. 
allow taxpayer dollars to be spent on these attorneys’ fees that are being used to do this—to promote the Environmental Protection Agency. Rather than going through the regular rulemaking process, it is doing it by a court ruling. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, the 
Equal Access to Justice Act is the law of the land. It allows for the Federal payment of legal fees, within limits, to individuals and small businesses and nonprofits which are the prevailing parties in actions against the Federal Government. 
2011 GAO study that said, in cases brought against the EPA, it found that most suits were brought by trade associations and private companies and that attorneys’ fees were only awarded in about 8 percent of the cases. 
government accountable. They need to be able to petition their government, and that means a citizen with limited 
means. If that citizen wins and if the judge decides that it is just to award the costs, then that is the law of the land, which I support. Private citizens, regular citizens—citizens without means—can ensure that there is full accountability of the Federal Government to them. I urge my colleagues to defeat this amendment. 
like to repeat, Mr. Chairman, this does not keep anybody from suing. The intent of this amendment is to keep the EPA from creating rules by judicial bodies rather than a normal rulemaking procedure. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WESTMORE LAND ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Georgia will be postponed. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to enforce the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) with respect to the Clubshell, Fanshell, Rabbitsfoot, Rayed Bean, Sheepnose, or Snuffbox mussels. 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Indiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
to thank Chairman CALVERT for managing the time tonight and for getting us to this point. 
years since we have been able to have these kind of debates on the floor of the House, and here we are, at 12:30 at night. 
to the entire debate here tonight on the floor, starting with votes after 6:30. Mr. Chairman, I was struck by the amount of amendments having to do with the Endangered Species Act, number one; and, number two, having to deal with the lists, whether threatened or endangered lists of Endangered Species Act. Clearly—and I would agree with the 
gentlewoman on the other side of the aisle on this—reform and major reform of the Endangered Species Act is needed. That will take some time. That discussion has been ongoing. 
started in this Congress or in previous Congresses. I look forward to being a part of that solution in a very constructive way. 
people, human constituents who are really suffering; and that is what my amendment, Mr. Chairman, is about tonight. Summer is a big time for any industry that depends on tourism to survive. I offer this amendment out of concern for two lake communities in my district. 
the summer’s busy tourist season, the United States Fish and Wildlife Service required that the Northern Indiana Public Service Company, locally known as NIPSCO, release more water into the Tippecanoe River from Lake Freeman to protect a bed of endangered freshwater mussels that live further down the Tippecanoe River, all under the guise of the Endangered Species Act. 
water levels on Lake Freeman dropped dramatically. I have visited with local residents near Lake Freeman multiple times and have seen the lake in person. Growing up during the summers, I spent my time on the sister lake, Lake Shafer. 
lake discovered, to their surprise, their boats were stuck, businesses were in jeopardy, and home values were going down; but more than that, stumps were rising out of the water, and personal health and safety were also in jeopardy as a result. 
and Wildlife, and I want to applaud them for their responsiveness and NIPSCO for working together. We created a technical assistance letter, otherwise known as a TAL. It is my estimation that that is going to have some effect. Again, I appreciate the reasonableness of all involved. 
The current plan there is a temporary fix, and really, we ought to be able to do more. Now, currently, Fish and Wildlife receives funding to enforce the Endangered Species Act, which protects six species of mussels that live in the river, as the Clerk mentioned as he read the amendment. 
listed species, and there is little anyone can do in terms of exceptions or exemptions or even any kind of balancing test to make sure that there is not a solution that could be a winwin. It is a very draconian law—strict compliance, no balancing test, no room for discretion or creative solution. That is where this reform is needed. 
balancing test for weighing the economic harms, and the Supreme Court 
of this land has refused to allow us or 
even lower courts to construct their own test, us as citizens. Compliance with this law, as currently written, requires diverting water from Lake Freeman to the Tippecanoe River to balance water levels, despite consideration of the economic impact and human safety. 
funding mechanism Fish and Wildlife would be able to use to enforce the Endangered Species Act with respect to these six types of mussels and eliminates the financial repercussions for failing to enforce the law. 
lowering these water levels in Lake Freeman negatively affects the community and small businesses that rely on the tourists who enjoy the lake and the steady water level. Lower water levels also pose dangerous swimming conditions to both boaters and swimmers as formerly underwater tree stumps breach the water. This is unnecessary and a preventable hazard to those who use the lake and, again, in a winwin way. 
that, although well intended, is badly in need of reform so that its practical effect can be overhauled and any of its misguided applications halted. 
Hoosiers, like myself, are just as concerned for the environment as they are for their incomes and family recreation. It is not about antienvironmentalism, but they believe, like I said, there is a winwin solution here, if only the law would allow such a solution to exist. In the meantime, we ought to defund Fish and Wildlife’s ability to enforce this law as it is written. 
While I value nature and seek to protect endangered animals, the reward of protecting the mussel does not outweigh the economic damage done to this community or the personal safety or health of my human constituents. 
The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
amendment would, once again, prevent Fish and Wildlife Service from enforcing the Endangered Species Act with respect to six different species of mussel and would restrict the Fish and Wildlife Service from offering any of the critical protections to preserve these species. 
my opinion, misguided. Once a species is listed under the Endangered Species Act, it is a role of Fish and Wildlife Service—is primarily permissive, helping parties comply with the act as they carry out their activities, the TAL that the gentleman referred to. 
Under this amendment, all the Endangered Species Act prohibitions would still apply, but developers and landowners would have no avenue to 
comply with them. There could be no TAL. The Fish and Wildlife Service would be barred from issuing permits or exemptions. 
and other parties who might need to take any of these six species of mussels would be vulnerable to a citizens suit. Additionally, this amendment would halt Fish and Wildlife Service enforcement of the Endangered Species Act, which has no effect on other Federal agencies that are funded outside of this bill. 
The Endangered Species Act mandates that all Federal departments and agencies conserve listed species and use their authorities in furthering the purpose of this act. 
Act stipulates that any Federal agency that carries out, permits, licenses, funds, or otherwise authorizes activities that may affect all listed species must consult with the Fish and Wildlife Service to ensure that its actions are not likely to jeopardize the continued existence of any listed species. 
section 7 consultation requirements for Federal agencies; rather, it would prohibit Fish and Wildlife from completing these consultations. That means a bridge or a highway project permitted or funded through the Federal Highway Administration or power projects permitted by the Department of Energy would be vulnerable to delays and stoppages and other potential lawsuits. 
an allout assault on the Endangered Species Act. In one fell swoop, it would block protections for six different species that are currently listed as threatened or endangered; but, regardless of one’s position on the Endangered Species Act, it is just a bad amendment. 
create uncertainty for developers, landowners, leaving them vulnerable to lawsuits. I don’t think that was the gentleman’s original intention, but that is the effect it will have because it will block section 7 consultations, gumming up permitting processing across the Federal Government, delaying projects, and adversely impacting the economy. 
The amendment is bad for the environment. It is bad for the economy. It is bad for business. It is bad for the highways and energy projects. It is just bad for this bill. I urge my colleagues to reject this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
amendment offered by the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from California and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
pleased to express my support for the good work Chairman CALVERT and the 
with my colleagues Representatives BILLHUIZENGA and B ILLFLORES , aligns 
attorney fee award limits for Endangered Species Act lawsuits with award limits for other lawsuits against the Federal Government established by the Equal Access to Justice Act. 
The Equal Access to Justice Act generally limits the hourly rate for awards of fees to prevailing attorneys to a reasonable $125 per hour. However, no such fee cap exists under the Endangered Species Act. As a result, ESA litigants are being awarded sums, in many cases, in excess of $600 per hour. 
not intended as an extraordinary access to taxpayer dollars for environmental attorneys. Indeed, we heard one of my colleagues a minute ago talk about sue and settle. 
According to the GAO, the Department of the Interior paid out over $27 million in attorney fees between 2001 and 2010; $21 million of those payments were for Endangered Species Act lawsuits. Many of them settled with no court order, finding the litigants to have prevailed on the merits of the case—no finding. 
this loophole that enables excessive payouts to groups that have made a business of suing the Federal Government. There is simply no reason that one sort of lawsuit, a type commonly undertaken by entities solely engaged in continuous litigation against the government, should be paid more than any other. 
measure addressing this issue last session, which was passed by the Committee on Natural Resources. I urge your support, which would be very much appreciated, including by people like my daughter whose birthday it is tonight, so they would have a chance to be in business and not have these extraordinarily high fees. 
gentleman’s amendment would prohibit funds in the act from being used to pay attorney fees in excess of $125 per hour for the Endangered Species Act civil suits. 
aware that the Equal Access to Justice Act caps attorney fees at $125 per hour unless the court—the court—determines that an increase in the cost of living or special factors, such as the limited availability of qualified attorneys for the proceedings involved, justifies the higher fee. 
determine that. But the fee is capped at $125 an hour. This is unnecessary and it is a redundant amendment. Attorney fees for the Endangered Species Act cases, as I said, are already capped at $125 per hour, unless special criteria are stipulated by the Equal Access Justice Court. 
change that implementation of the Equal Access Justice Act for one specific policy area: the Endangered Species Act. 
permitted in cases where specific criteria under the Endangered Species Act are met. At best, this amendment is redundant; at worst, it is a backdoor attempt to undermine the Endangered Species Act protections and make access to justice a lot less equal. 
any extraneous, redundant provisions to a bill that is already overburdened with harmful legislative riders. So I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Mr. LAMALFA. I appreciate the comments by my colleague from Minnesota here, but it has been very unequal already, with many, many cases being paid out at $600, $700 per hour. So this amendment seeks to actually put that cap on there. There will still be the ability for a court, in extraordinary circumstances, to make the decision of whether it should be higher. 
But I am glad I am not in the position, like my colleague from Minnesota, of defending $600 or $700 an hour for attorney fees for more frivolous environmental lawsuits that make it difficult to farm, ranch, mine, and do timber operations which are desperately needed, especially with the conditions we have in California, with our forests as well as the drought situation and trying to get work done to address that. 
on here, they need to be cognizant that there are those in the government that would rather pay to $600 to $700 per hour for more frivolous environmental lawsuits while they suffer from drought or burning forests. With that, I think that this amendment is very much in order because we see that these limits aren’t being followed at all under the $125 limit. 
I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LAMALFA ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. 
clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill, insert after the last 
Act may be used in contravention of 33 U.S.C. 1319 with respect to a permit issued or required to be issued to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers pursuant to 33 U.S.C. 1344 for discharges of dredged or fill material impacting wetlands. 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Louisiana and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
Chairman, Americans are tired of two standards: a standard whereby private citizens are treated one way and a standard whereby the Federal Government treats themselves in an entirely different way. 
Nothing is more apparent in this situation than where the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers grants themselves one way of complying with wetlands regulations, yet they impose an entirely different standard upon our private citizens. 
and the EPA go out and purport to be defenders of wetlands; good stewards of our wetlands. Yet the greatest cause of wetlands loss in the United States is actually caused by historic current and future actions of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. 
have lost over 1,900 square miles of our coast, and the majority of that land loss has been caused by the management or the mismanagement by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers of our coastal resources and the river resources, particularly the Mississippi River. 
does is it simply requires that the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers comply with the same standards as anything else. If there are permits required, they have to get them. If there are mitigation requirements, they have to get them. 
issue whereby the Nation truly benefits from this. This is the area where fishery production occurs, energy production occurs. We literally power this Nation’s economy and we feed American families. 
So this wetlands loss that we are experiencing actually increases the vulnerability of our coastal communities in south Louisiana and increases the demands upon FEMA and other agencies in response to disasters. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CALVERT. Will the gentleman 
Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ). 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will report the amendment. 
At the end of the bill (before the short 
by this Act may be used on an unmanned aircraft system or to operate any such system owned by the Department of the Interior for the performance of surveying, mapping, or collecting remote sensing data. 
Chair, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. 
There was no objection. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to 
House Resolution 333, the gentleman from Pennsylvania and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. 
I thank the chairman of the committee for allowing me to offer this amendment. It prevents the Department of the Interior from competing with our local job creators in the use of UAS—unmanned aerial systems—for land surveying, mapping, imaging, and remote sensing data activities. 
the USGS and the Bureau of Land Management are acquiring the UAS and utilizing them on projects that can be accomplished by the private sector. We have no problem with them using them. We have no problem with them using them for forest fires and those types of things, for emergency situations, but where local businesses can do this work, we think that it is unfair 
local employers results in a loss of business for private geospatial firms under contract to other Federal mapping agencies. The government is actually getting a leg up on the private market by obtaining Certificates of Authorization, or COAs, and performing services with UAS that are otherwise commercial in nature. 
private citizens and firms to operate UAS for a hobby. However, there is no effective enforcement to prevent government abuse of such authority for commercial purposes. 
can operate a UAS while the private sector cannot as freely or timely gain airspace access has created and uneven playing field. Allowing the Department of the Interior to compete with the free market use of UAS is not only poor stewardship of taxpayer money and inefficient use of resources, but results in the government duplicating and directly competing with private enterprise. 
Mr. Chairman. It drives more than $1 trillion in economic activity. More than 500,000 American jobs are related to the collection, storage, and dissemination of imagery and geospatial data. Another 5.3 million citizens utilize such data. As much as 90 percent of the government information has a geospatial information component. Up to 80 percent of the information managed by business is connected to a specific location. The geospatial marketplace is identified by the Department of Labor as one of just 14 high gross sectors in the United States workforce. 
the Interior and the U.S. Geological Survey have been using unmanned aircraft to complement conventional satellitebased remote sensing. Using remote sensing via unmanned aircraft did make sense. It allows for the rapid collection of data and allows for the Department to get a closer look at natural disasters as they develop. 
using unmanned aircraft to monitor the spread of wildfires, monitor riverbank erosion, detect and locate coal steam fires, conduct waterfall surveys, and inspect abandoned mines. 
this technology offers a real public safety benefit. So it makes no sense to hamstring the Department when the technology can save lives and the survey can monitor dangerous natural events. 
written—and I am all for the private sector being able to do things, and that 
is in your new amendment, that the private sector is not affected by this amendment—if the private sector currently isn’t operating in this space looking at abandoned mines or looking at wildfires and we need to do something right away, your amendment would prohibit the Federal Government from using equipment it would have and be able to launch up and look at something in real time. 
I don’t think that was the total intention of your amendment. But because even though you worked in the redraft to make sure that you protected contractors—and I am glad you did that—I don’t know where that leaves us in times of emergency when there isn’t a contractor available, because you haven’t allowed prohibition. 
the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
First of all, I did state that fire observation would not be included. Indeed, it is not written in the amendment. It is very specific. So for emergency purposes, if need be, the Department of the Interior still can use, whether it uses its own or DHS’ or one of the other myriad agencies that have the vehicles, it still has the ability to do that. 
But I would also remind the gentlewoman that there are plenty of ambulance services and other emergency services for contract hire out there in our communities that perform emergency services every hour of the day, every day of the year. That fact notwithstanding, the private industry does provide all the other things that the agency is currently embarking on on its own and leaving the private sector out. 
asked me, because I am a helicopter pilot in the Army, if we could put his airconditioning unit on a roof. I said, ‘‘Absolutely not.’’ The Army doesn’t do what the civilian world does for good reason. We want the civilians out there doing those things. We don’t want to compete as the Federal Government. 
the Interior is competing directly, and will continue to do if allowed to do so, unless prohibited. They can write contracts, and they can have somebody on call. If there is an emergency situation, they can have a contractor on call to do that, and they should. 
I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. MCCOLLUM. I thank the gentleman. 
we are having, but I don’t think the discussion necessarily belongs on the appropriations bill. It belongs in the policy committee so that all the questions that I have and the concerns that you have can be addressed and thoughtfully written into a piece of legislation. 
parts of the United States—and I come from a State that is both urban, suburban, and very rural, up on the north shore—where private contractors just don’t go or the ability of getting a hold of one isn’t there, and sometimes you have to have some Federal redundancy in the system to get out there and do that. 
and descriptions that I don’t have any statutory language in front of me. So where I think the gentleman might have a very good idea, bills that we are working on in the appropriations process, when we start getting into writing technical policy or trying to figure out the new wave of what new legislation should look like—and you have a great proponent; I hear him all the time in the Defense subcommittee—the chairman of the subcommittee says the Federal Government shouldn’t be doing what the private sector can do. We should not be doing this legislation for the reasons I mentioned, that we just don’t have all the facts in front of it, and it is not the role of the Interior Appropriations bill to do policy. 
to the amendment at this time, but I look forward to, in a policy situation, working with the gentleman. 
I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. PERRY. Again, I appreciate the 
gentlewoman’s reservations and opposition for the reasons so stated. I respect them, but I feel this is the correct place to limit in the appropriations, to make sure that the private sector can compete effectively and is allowed to do so and doesn’t have to compete against the Federal Government with all the provisions it has at its hand to undermine their ability to be effective and competitive. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. 
on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). 
The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; 
and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. PERRY ) having assumed the chair, Mr. 
LOUDERMILK , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2822) making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2016, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
date of certain provisions of the Border Patrol Agent Pay Reform Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
Revenue Code of 1986 to exclude certain compensation received by public safety officers and their dependents from gross income. 
H.R. 651. An Act to designate the facility of 
the United States Postal Service located at 820 Elmwood Avenue in Providence, Rhode Island, as the ‘‘Sister Ann Keefe Post Office’’. 
States Customs and Border Protection Port of Entry located at First Street and Pan American Avenue in Douglas, Arizona, as the ‘‘Raul Hector Castro Port of Entry’’. 
H.R. 1191. An Act to provide for congressional review and oversight of agreements relating to Iraq’s nuclear program, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 2496. An Act to extend the authorization for the replacement of the existing Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Denver, Colorado, to make certain improvements in the Veterans Access, Choice, and Accountability Act of 2014, and for other purposes. 
States courthouse located at 700 Grant Street in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, as the ‘‘Joseph F. Weis Jr. United States Courthouse’’. 
of Federalaid highway, highway safety, motor carrier safety, transit, and other programs funded out of the Highway Trust Fund, and for other purposes. 
of the Federal Government to require the production of certain business records, conduct electronic surveillance, use pen registers and trap and trace devices, and use other forms of information gathering for foreign intelligence, counterterrorism, and criminal purposes, and for other purposes. 
Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
Revenue Code of 1966 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penaltyfree withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
the House that on the following dates he had approved and signed bills of the following titles: 
integrate Blue Alert plans throughout the United States in order to disseminate information when a law enforcement officer is seriously injured or killed in the line of duty, is missing in connection with the officer’s official duties, or an imminent and credible threat that an individual intends to cause the serious injury or death of a law enforcement officer is received, and for other purposes. 
S. 1124. An Act to amend the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act to improve the Act. May 29, 2015: 
S. 178. An Act to provide justice for the 
S. 802. An Act to authorize the Secretary of 
State and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development to provide assistance to support the rights of women and girls in developing countries, and for other purposes. 
to carry out the replacement of the existing medical center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Denver, Colorado, to authorize transfers of amounts to carry out the replacement of such medical center, and for other purposes. 
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: 
Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the 
reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker pro tempore, Mr. THORNBERRY , 
H.R. 893. An act to require the Secretary of 
the Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
Growth and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, and preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
reported that on June 24, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
Code of 1986 to allow Federal law enforcement officers, firefighters, and air traffic controllers to make penaltyfree withdrawals from governmental plans after age 50, and for other purposes. 
Act of 2002 to require the Under Secretary for Management of the Department of Homeland Security to take administrative action to achieve and maintain interoperable communications capabilities among the components of the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes. 
reported that on June 26, 2015, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bills: 
and Opportunity Act, the Generalized System of Preferences, the preferential duty treatment program for Haiti, and for other purposes. 
Treasury to mint coins in commemoration of the centennial of Boys Town, and for other purposes. 
H.R. 533. To revoke the charter of incorporation of the Miami Tribe of Oklahoma at the request of that tribe, and for other purposes. 
The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 1 o’clock and 2 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until today, Wednesday, July 8, 2015, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
Defense, Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the expected submission date of the report on inventory of activities performed during the preceding fiscal year pursuant to contracts for services for or on behalf of the Department of Defense, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2330a; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1983. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing three officers to wear the insignia of the grade of rear admiral or rear admiral (lower half), as indicated, in accordance with 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1984. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Ronnie D. Hawkins, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general on the retired list; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1986. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter on the approved retirement of Lieutenant General Stephen L. Hoog, United States Air Force, and his advancement to the grade of lieutenant general; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
1987. A letter from the Acting Under Secretary, Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting a letter authorizing three officers on an enclosed list to wear the insignia of the grade of major general, as indicated, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 777; to the Committee on Armed Services. 
Procurement and Acquisition Policy, OUSD (AT&L) DPAP/DARS, Department of Defense, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement: Clauses with Alternates 
Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, Department of Energy, transmitting the ‘‘Barriers to Industrial Energy Efficiency’’ report, pursuant to the American Energy Manufacturing Technical Corrections Act, Pub. L. 112210; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 
1997. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Veterinary Feed Directive; Correction [Docket No.: FDA2010N0155] (RIN: 0910 
1998. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental 
Counsel for General Law, Office of the General Counsel, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting two reports pursuant to the Federal Vacancies Reform Act of 1998, Pub. L. 105277; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
of Indianapolis, transmitting the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis 2014 management report and financial statements, pursuant to the Chief Financial Officers Act of 1990, Pub. L. 101576; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Administrator for Regulatory Programs, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric 
Assistant Secretary, Policy, Management and Budget, Office of the Secretary, Department of the Interior, transmitting a report summary for FY 2015 of the Payments in Lieu of Taxes program, pursuant to the Payments in Lieu of Taxes Act, 31 U.S.C. 6901 6907, as amended; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 
2035. A letter from the Auditor, Congressional Medal of Honor Society, transmitting the annual financial report of the Congressional Medal of Honor Society of the United States of America for calendar year 2014, pursuant to Pub. L. 88504 and 36 U.S.C. 1101; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Program Analyst, FAA, Department of Transportation, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Airworthiness Directives; Agusta S.p.A. (Agusta) Helicopters 
2055. A letter from the Clerk of the House 
of Representatives, transmitting annual compilation of financial disclosure statements of the members of the board of the Office of Congressional Ethics for the period between January 1, 2014 and December 31, 2014, pursuant to Clause 3 of House Rule XXVI; (H. Doc. No. 114—46); to the Committee on Ethics and ordered to be printed. 
Legislative Division, American Legion, transmitting the consolidated financial statements of the American Legion as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 with supplemental data; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. 
for Legislation, Office of the Secretary, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Elder Justice Coordinating 
Council 20122014 Report to Congress, pursuant to Title XX of the Social Security Act, Subtitle B, the Elder Justice Act of 2009; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Commerce. H.R. 6. A bill to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of 21st century cures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 114–190, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the While House on the state of the Union. 
Veterans’ Affairs. H.R. 2256. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to submit an annual report on the Veterans Health Administration and the furnishing of hospital care, medical services, and nursing home care by the Department of Veterans Affairs; with an amendment (Rept. 114–191). Referred to the Committee of the While House on the state of the Union. 
House Resolution 347. Resolution providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5) to support State and local accountability for public education protect State and local authority, inform parents of the performance of their children’s schools, and for other purposes, and providing consideration of the bill (H.R. 2647) to expedite under the National Environmental Policy Act and improve forest management activities in units of the National Forest System derived from the public domain, on public lands under the jurisdiction of the Bureau of Land Management, and on tribal lands to return resilience to overgrown, fireprone forested lands, and for other purposes (Rept. 114–192). Referred to the House calendar. 
Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
By Mr. TROTT (for himself, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. C ONYERS , and Mr. 
H.R. 2947. A bill to amend title 11 of the 
United States Code in order to facilitate the resolution of an insolvent financial institution in bankruptcy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2948. A bill to amend title XVIII of the 
Social Security Act to provide for an incremental expansion of telehealth coverage under the Medicare program; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
State eugenics compensation programs from consideration in determining eligibility for, or the amount of, Federal public benefits; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
H.R. 2950. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to streamline and clarify small business contracting opportunities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. 
H.R. 2951. A bill to prohibit foreign assistance to countries that do not prohibit shark finning in the territorial waters of the country or the importation, sale, or possession of shark fins obtained as a result of shark finning; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
States for increasing the employment, job retention, and earnings of former TANF recipients; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
H.R. 2953. A bill to expand the Moving to 
Work and Rental Assistance demonstration programs of the Department of Housing and Urban Development, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. 
building located at 617 Walnut Street in Helena, Arkansas, as the ‘‘Jacob Trieber Federal Building, United States Post Office, and United States Court House‘‘; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to expand the cause of action relating to the pattern or practice of conduct by a governmental authority that deprives a person of rights protected by the Constitution to such conduct relating to adults as well as juveniles; to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
H.R. 2956. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to limit the earned income tax credit to citizens and lawful permanent residents and to require a valid social security number to claim the refundable portion of the child tax credit; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
Neotropical Migratory Bird Conservation Act; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mrs. KIRKPATRICK: 
H.R. 2958. A bill to fulfill the United States 
Government’s trust responsibility to serve the higher education needs of the Navajo people and to clarify, unify, and modernize prior Dine ´College legislation; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 
counting certain expenditures as State spending to reduce TANF work requirements; to the Committee on Ways and Means. 
and Secondary Education Act of 1965 to aid gifted and talented and highability learners by empowering the Nation’s teachers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
H.R. 2961. A bill to establish a research, development, and technology demonstration program to improve the efficiency of gas turbines used in combined cycle and simple cycle power generation systems; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. 
for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the rule submitted by the Army Corps of Engineers and the Environmental Protection Agency relating to the definition of ‘‘waters of the United States‘‘ under the Clean Water Act; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 
SIRES, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. R OYCE , Mr. 
Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. 
Mr. M ARINO , Mr. R IBBLE , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. B URGESS , 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, Mr. R OKITA , 
Mr. Y OHO, Mr. M EEKS , Ms. B ASS, Mr. 
LEHTINEN , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Ms. K APTUR, and Mr. C ARNEY ): 
right of the people of Ukraine to freely elect their government and determine their future; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 
the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the United 
States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several 
States, and with Indian tribes;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 4 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to establish . . . uniform Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 9 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to constitute Tribunals inferior to the Supreme Court;’’ Article I, Section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation exercises legislative power granted to Congress by that clause ‘‘to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof;’’ and, Article III of the United States Constitution, in that the legislation defines or affects powers of the Judiciary that are subject to legislation by Congress. 
H.R. 2948. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 6 The Congress shall have Power . . . to 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2949. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
shall have the Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 
H.R. 2950. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2951. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2952. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States.’’ 
H.R. 2953. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To 
regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. 
H.R. 2954. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
the authority to ‘‘ordain and establish’’ courts inferior to theSupreme Court. 
H.R. 2955. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. 
Constitution and Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the U.S. Constitution. 
H.R. 2956. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2957. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
H.R. 2958. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department ot Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2959. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United 
States Constitution: to provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States 
H.R. 2960. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of US Constitution, to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. 
H.R. 2961. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 1, All legislative Powers herein granted shall 
be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives 
H.J. Res. 59. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Constitution, specifically Clause 3 (related to regulation of commerce among the several states.) 
were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 156: Mr. G OSAR and Mr. P ITTENGER . 
H.R. 213: Mr. P EARCE , Mr. P ITTS, and Mr. 
H.R. 244: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 282: Mr. H ARPER and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 353: Mr. L ANCE . H.R. 356: Ms. B ORDALLO , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. 
H.R. 358: Ms. N ORTON , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. 
RUSSELL , Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , Mrs. C APPS , Mr. 
MCGOVERN , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. F ORTEN BERRY , and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. 
H.R. 411: Ms. W ILSON of Florida and Ms. 
H.R. 423: Mr. M ARINO and Mr. C HABOT . 
H.R. 448: Mr. K ILDEE and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 540: Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. C OLE, Ms. 
H.R. 546: Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania and Mr. M OULTON . 
H.R. 592: Mr. D ESANTIS , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. 
NUGENT , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. 
SCHIFF , Ms. M OORE , and Mr. S COTT of Virginia. 
H.R. 612: Mrs. L OVE and Mr. C ARTER of 
H.R. 649: Mr. P ERLMUTTER and Ms. M OORE . 
H.R. 700: Ms. M OORE and Mr. P OCAN . 
H.R. 702: Mr. H UDSON , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. 
BENISHEK , Ms. G RANGER , and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 746: Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mrs. W ATSON  
H.R. 775: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 822: Mr. P ETERSON and Mr. G RAVES of 
H.R. 846: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. L INDA T. 
H.R. 879: Ms. G RANGER , Mr. J ODYB. H ICEof 
Georgia, Mr. M ILLER of Florida, Mr. M EADOWS, Mr. J ENKINS of West Virginia, Mr. 
CHAFFETZ , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. C OLLINS of Georgia, and Mr. W ILLIAMS . 
H.R. 907: Mr. L AMBORN and Mr. K LINE. 
H.R. 915: Mr. L YNCH and Ms. E SHOO . 
H.R. 969: Mr. D ESAULNIER and Mr. B ARR. 
H.R. 985: Mr. S ARBANES , Ms. K USTER , Mr. 
CALVERT , Mr. M ULLIN , and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 1151: Mr. R EEDand Mr. A BRAHAM . 
H.R. 1197: Ms. B ASSand Mr. K ILDEE . 
H.R. 1209: Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Mr. F ATTAH , 
Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. K ILMER . 
Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1218: Mr. B LUMENAUER and Mr. 
H.R. 1221: Mr. S HIMKUS , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , and Ms. 
H.R. 1283: Ms. N ORTON and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 1299: Mr. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. 
H.R. 1312: Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. J OHNSON of 
Georgia, Ms. M ATSUI , Mr. H ECKof Nevada, 
Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. F INCHER , Ms. 
H.R. 1321: Mr. D EFAZIO and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . 
H.R. 1338: Mr. T HORNBERRY and Mr. L IPINSKI. 
CLARKE of New York, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. 
H.R. 1384: Mr. C ARNEY and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
New York, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mr. L OEBSACK , Ms. 
H.R. 1475: Mr. I SRAEL , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. 
H.R. 1523: Mr. M ULVANEY , Mr. D UNCAN of 
Tennessee, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. P EARCE , Mr. 
ROSS, Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. M ESSER , and Ms. 
H.R. 1552: Ms. M ENGand Mr. L IPINSKI . 
H.R. 1555: Mr. A MODEI and Mr. C HAFFETZ . 
H.R. 1559: Mr. F ORBES , Mr. L ARSEN of 
H.R. 1567: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Ms. K ELLY of 
Illinois, Mr. F OSTER , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. 
H.R. 1571: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa and Ms. M ATSUI. 
H.R. 1611: Mr. P ETERSON , Mr. H INOJOSA , and 
H.R. 1671: Mr. W ESTMORELAND and Mr. B ILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1694: Mr. F LORES and Mr. F ORTEN BERRY . 
H.R. 1728: Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. W ILSON of 
Florida, Mr. P ALLONE , and Ms. S PEIER . 
TAKAI, Mr. K ATKO , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. 
H.R. 1752: Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama and Mr. 
H.R. 1763: Mr. E LLISON , Mr. F OSTER and Mr. 
H.R. 1769: Mr. P OSEY , Mr. N EAL, Mr. C ARNEY, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. 
ROUZER , and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. 
H.R. 1786: Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. C ARSONof Indiana, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. S ARBANES , 
Ms. S PEIER , and Mr. K ENNEDY . 
H.R. 1854: Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. Q UIGLEY , and 
H.R. 1855: Mr. M URPHY of Florida and Mr. 
Mr. B RIDENSTINE , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, 
H.R. 1919: Mr. R UIZ, Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. L IPINSKI , Mr. B EYER , Mr. G OWDY , 
H.R. 1933: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. R YAN of 
H.R. 1940: Mr. Y OHO and Mr. M URPHY of 
H.R. 1994: Mr. B ARRand Mr. G ARRETT . 
H.R. 2050: Ms. C LARKE of New York and Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 2067: Mr. W ELCH and Mr. T EDLIEUof 
H.R. 2140: Mr. M CCAULand Mr. P OSEY . 
H.R. 2156: Mr. V EASEY , Mr. K INGof Iowa, 
COURTNEY , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. D ESAULNIER , 
Mr. D EUTCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. H ONDA , Mr. 
LEVIN, Mr. M EEKS , and Ms. S PEIER . 
H.R. 2287: Mr. B ARR and Mr. D AVID SCOTT 
H.R. 2315: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. H ECK 
of Nevada, Mr. W ELCH , Mr. C HABOT , Ms. 
GRANGER , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. F LEMING , Mr. 
VEASEY , Mrs. K IRKPATRICK , Mrs. B LACKBURN , 
Ms. E SHOO , Mr. F RANKS of Arizona, Mr. D UNCANof South Carolina, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. K ELLY  
H.R. 2380: Ms. P INGREE and Mr. G UTIE´RREZ . 
H.R. 2403: Mr. R OKITA , Mr. M ACARTHUR , 
H.R. 2404: Mr. J OYCE , Mr. V EASEY , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. C UMMINGS , and Mr. K ILMER . 
H.R. 2410: Mr. S CHIFF , Mrs. B EATTY , Ms. 
BASS, and Mr. R ICHMOND . H.R. 2429: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. 
H.R. 2493: Ms. K APTUR , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , 
Mrs. L OWEY , Ms. V ELA´ZGUEZ , and Mr. 
H.R. 2494: Mr. K ILMER , Mr. T EDLIEUof 
California, Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. C OLLINS of New 
York, Mr. T ROTT , and Mr. M EADOWS . 
H.R. 2520: Ms. M CCOLLUM and Mr. G UTHRIE . 
H.R. 2530: Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. P OCAN , and 
ELLMERS of North Carolina, Mr. E NGEL , and 
ESHOO , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mr. L EWIS. 
Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of 
New York, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. 
H.R. 2627: Mr. C OLLINS of New York and Ms. 
H.R. 2643: Mr. O LSON , Mr. S ESSIONS , and 
H.R. 2646: Mr. B ARLETTA , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. 
THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. B ROWN of Florida, and Mr. J OYCE . 
H.R. 2716: Mr. J ORDAN , Mr. C OLLINS of 
H.R. 2719: Mr. P OCAN and Ms. S LAUGHTER . 
H.R. 2726: Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Ms. J ACKSONLEE, Ms. E DWARDS , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. L AMBORN , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. A DERHOLT , Mr. C OFFMAN , and Mr. B YRNE . 
FITZPATRICK , Mr. C OFFMAN , Mr. K ILMER , and 
H.R. 2739: Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN and Ms. L OFGREN . 
H.R. 2742: Ms. M OORE and Mr. T AKANO . 
H.R. 2752: Mr. C OLE, Ms. S LAUGHTER , and 
H.R. 2773: Ms. E DWARDS , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. 
H.R. 2775: Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. V EASEY , and 
H.R. 2798: Mr. P OCAN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , and 
H.R. 2802: Mr. F LORES , Mr. S CALISE , Mr. 
FORBES , Mr. F LEISCHMANN , Mr. P OSEY , Mr. 
ABRAHAM , Mr. C ALVERT , Mr. S TUTZMAN , Mr. 
WITTMAN , Mr. R ATCLIFFE , Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. B URGESS , Mr. W ENSTRUP , and Mr. 
H.R. 2820: Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. H ARRIS , Mr. 
H.R. 2836: Ms. L INDA T. S A´NCHEZ of California, Mr. G RIJALVA , and Ms. M ICHELLE  
LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 2838: Mr. C RAMER . 
H.R. 2866: Mr. T AKANO , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. 
SIRES, Mr. C ICILLINE , Mrs. N APOLITANO , and 
FARR, Ms. S LAUGHTER , Mr. H ASTINGS , and 
H.R. 2875: Mr. C ARSON of Indiana and Ms. 
SINEMA , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Ms. M CCOLLUM , 
Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. D AVIS of 
California, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. N APOLITANO , 
GUTIE´RREZ , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. P INGREE , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New 
Mexico, Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. S MITH of 
Mexico, Mr. B RENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Miss R ICEof New York, Mr. M URPHY  
of Florida, Mr. P ASCRELL , and Mr. C ARSON of 
H.R. 2916: Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. J UDY CHUof 
California, Ms. H AHN, Mr. E NGEL , Mr. 
H.R. 2917: Mr. E NGEL and Mr. M CGOVERN . 
H.R. 2920: Ms. H AHN, Ms. T SONGAS , Ms. 
SLAUGHTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. R ANGEL , Ms. 
NORTON , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. C ONYERS , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. 
CAPUANO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , 
Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
DELANEY , Mr. S IRES, and Mr. J ONES . 
Mr. P OEof Texas, Mr. S MITH of New Jersey, 
Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, and Mr. H IGGINS . 
H.R. 2927: Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Mr. H ARDY , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. C OFFMAN , and 
H.R. 2937: Mr. H ECKof Nevada, Mr. M ESSER , 
H.R. 2942: Mr. H UNTER , Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama, Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. F LEMING, Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. M ULVANEY , and Mr. 
H.J. Res. 1: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. H UDSON , and 
H.J. Res. 2: Mr. S ESSIONS , Mr. J OYCE , Mr. 
HUDSON , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. F ITZPATRICK . 
H.J. Res. 52: Mr. P OLIS, Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. 
H. Con. Res. 17: Mr. M EEKS , Mr. N EWHOUSE , 
H. Con. Res. 19: Mr. T HOMPSON of California 
H. Con. Res. 49: Mr. M ILLER of Florida and 
H. Con. Res. 56: Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. 
H. Con. Res. 59: Mr. E NGEL , Mr. G RIJALVA , 
H. Res. 209: Mr. S HERMAN and Mr. W OMACK . 
H. Res. 210: Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, Mr. H IMES, 
H. Res. 230: Ms. M CSALLY , Mrs. H ARTZLER , 
Mrs. M CMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. 
H. Res. 270: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
MILLER of Florida, Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania, Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio, Mr. J ORDAN , and 
H. Res. 289: Mr. H ASTINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. C ICILLINE , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, Mr. R USH, Mr. E LLISON , Ms. E DWARDS , 
H. Res. 291: Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mr. 
Mr. P IERLUISI , Mr. B RADY of Pennsylvania, 
ADAMS , Mr. C OHEN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEYof New York, Mr. H INOJOSA , Mr. E NGEL , 
H. Res. 293: Mr. C LAWSON of Florida, Mr. 
WEBER of Texas, Mr. G RAYSON , and Mr. 
H. Res. 310: Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Ms. 
ESTY, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. H ANNA , 
Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. D ESJARLAIS , Ms. 
BEYER , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of 
Illinois, Mr. T ONKO , Mr. V ANHOLLEN , and 
H. Res. 318: Mr. F LEMING , Mr. Z ELDIN , Mr. 
ROSKAM , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS 
statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 or rule XXI. 
The amendment to be offered by Representative POLIS or a designee, to H.R. 2647, 
the Resilient Federal Forests Act of 2015, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
Mr. Gregory D. Watson, Austin, Texas, relative to requesting the enactment of legislation by Congress to create a new $25 denomination of United States paper currency bearing the likeness of former Member of Congress Jeannette Rankin of Montana on the front of that new denomination and mandating that the image of Alexander Hamilton remain intact on the existing $10 American paper currency denomination; which was referred to the Committee on Financial Services. 
Under clause 8 of rule XVIII, proposed amendments were submitted as follows: 
AMENDMENT NO. 40: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to implement or enforce section 117, 121, or 122. H.R. 2822 
AMENDMENT NO. 41: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the rule entitled ‘‘Standards of Performance for New Residential Wood Heaters, New Residential Hydronic Heaters and ForcedAir Furnaces’’ published by the Environmental Protection Agency in the Federal Register on March 16, 2015 (80 Fed. Reg. 13671 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT NO. 43: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to consider a petition to reclassify the West Indian manatee from an endangered species to a threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT NO. 44: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to carry out oil and gas lease sale 226 for the Eastern Gulf of Mexico Outer Continental Shelf Planning Area. 
AMENDMENT NO. 45: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of the Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, or any other Federal agency to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. 
AMENDMENT NO. 46: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to increase the rate of any royalty required to be paid to the United States for oil and gas produced on Federal land, or to prepare or publish a proposed rule relating to such an increase. 
AMENDMENT NO. 47: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to implement, administer, or enforce the final rule following the Supplemental Environmental Impact Statement for the Dog Management Plan (Plan/SEIS), Golden Gate National Recreation Area (GGNRA), California (78 Fed. Reg. 55094; September 9, 2013). 
AMENDMENT NO. 48: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Environmental Protection Agency to take any of the backstop actions referred to in enclosure B of the December 29, 2009, letter from EPA’s Regional Administration to the States in the Watershed and the District of Columbia in response to the development or implementation of a State’s watershed implementation plan. 
AMENDMENT NO. 49: At the end of the bill 
by this Act shall be used to implement or enforce the threatened species listing of the lesser prairie chicken under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT NO. 50: At the end of the bill 
Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order 13693. 
AMENDMENT NO. 51: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 52: At the end of the bill 
to the National Park Service by this Act may be used for the purchase or display of a confederate flag with the exception of specific circumstances where the flags provide historical context as described in the National Park Service memorandum entitled ‘‘Immediate Action Required, No Reply Needed: Confederate Flags’’ and dated June 24, 2015. 
AMENDMENT NO. 53: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to close or move the D.C. Booth Historic National Fish Hatchery and Archives. 
AMENDMENT NO. 54: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used by the Department of Interior or the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to treat any gray wolf ( Canis 
lupus ) in Washington, Oregon, or Utah as an 
endangered species or threatened species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.). 
AMENDMENT NO. 55: At the end of the bill, 
by this Act may be used to enter into a new contract or agreement or to administer a portion of an existing contract or agreement with a concessioner, a cooperating association, or any other entity that provides for the sale in any facility within a unit of the National Park System of a noneducational item that depicts a Confederate flag on it. 
AMENDMENT NO. 56: At the end of the bill, 
by this Act may be used to permit, authorize, or allow any grave in any Federal cemetery to be decorated with a Confederate flag. 
AMENDMENT NO. 57: At the end of the bill, 
AMENDMENT NO. 58: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title) insert the following new section: 
AMENDMENT NO. 59: At the end of the bill 
AMENDMENT NO. 60: At the end of the bill 
seq.) that applies to an animal feeding operation, including a concentrated animal feeding operation and a large concentrated animal feeding operation, as such terms are defined in section 122.23 of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. 
AMENDMENT NO. 61: At the end of the bill 
(before the short title), insert the following new section: 
by this Act may be used by the United States Fish and Wildlife Service to enforce the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) with respect to the Clubshell, Fanshell, Rabbitsfoot, Rayed Bean, Sheepnose, or Snuffbox mussels. 
AMENDMENT NO. 62: At the end of the bill 
by this Act may be used to pay legal fees pursuant to a settlement in any case, in which the Federal Government is a party, that arises under— 
of America PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 114th CONGRESS, FIRST SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S4659 Vol. 161 WASHINGTON, TUESDAY, JULY 7, 2015 No. 104 